@_author: jacksego
@_date: 2018-01-14 16:07:08
"You have to actually use bitcoin to let it set you free" - Me
@_date: 2018-01-30 18:05:17
i got mine off amazon and it came in at the usual shipping speed.
@_date: 2018-01-14 12:52:54
And that's the problem.  The people who are into crypto are IN. But the majority of people who are buying in now or where last year do not care about what it is.  There won't be any buzz other than "get rich quick" with crypto just because of all the stories about how someone forgot they bought some years ago and now are buying lambs and what not. Yes, before you start, yes I know the lambo thing is just memes but the average buyer doesn't. Do you think they are going to stop and read a technical essay on how crypto works and invest smartly or dump their money into bitcoin through coinbase because they come up 1st in Google searches?  
The damage is already done and it will take a lot of work to undo it.  As it stands right now, crypto is not a currency but a commodity to be traded on in hopes of profiting on a short term investment.  If you want to point fingers at someone than just go through the posts people have made bragging about how much they have made in bitcoin.  Point at the news companies who post stories about "man throws away millions of dollars in bitcoin" because if you are truly in bed with bitcoin and its not just some quick cash cow than the only reason you should be interested in its price is to make sure it is stable and possibly showing small increases in value.  
Edit: a word
@_date: 2018-01-14 11:46:04
Yeah that's what I'm feeling too. A lot of ducks lined up perfectly in a row last year to give us that crazy run.  The price was at a point where average joe investor could plan an investment path of about $300 a month and in less than a year, own a hole coin, but of course that would rely on a steady price and the price of bitcoin is about as steady as Michael j. Fox's fork. In any case, they could own a good percentage of a coin in a short amount of time. Now with an average price of about $14,000, average Joe's $300 investment plan won't bring in as big a return for the relative risk there is. It would take almost 4 years to own a whole coin if the price doesn't budge.
But that's half the fun of crypto investing isn't it? The possibility of a huge runaway that nets huge gains. People can sit here and type out huge essays till they are blue in the face and their fingers are worn to the bones about how crypto is the future and the usd is dead but the average investor doesn't even care enough to  even glance over anything like that.  They just want to take that money they where suppose to use to buy their mom a birthday present "invest" it and reap the sweet returns.  
Last years run was great. A lot of people made money last year and the word about crypto got some sunshine.  But as soon as bitcoin started to appear in articles with negative trigger words the timid sheep that hopped on the crypto ban wagon bailed out.  After the dust had settled, we are now left with the same group of early adopters, now owning more bitcoin and a few other new guys who believe in the crypto future holding the price steady.  Slowly buying more and more raising the value up at a more stable and sustainable rate until some random article comes out pointing out the sustained growth of crypto and if we are lucky, starting the cycle over again.  
But what the hell do I know, we might be on the moon after I finish this mornings shit....
@_date: 2018-01-14 13:52:30
And I am all for that. Honestly this to me sounds like the start of the "credits" system you hear about in future sci-fi movies and hell even in games.  But until that point is reached, there is a lot of damage done to the reputation of crypto. Not damage as in it is bad, but damage in that the majority of the market of people who are buying and selling crypto have not and will not even consider actually using it.  I am guilty of it myself, I get on board at 3k, missed 20k but sold at 15 and went back in at 13. I have no real intention of using it to buy anything and I am just going to keep my finger in the pot and see how it goes.
For this to really work and be viable, 1 bitcoin has to equal 1 bitcoin first, instead of XX thousand dollars.  It is like having a piece of string that you claim is the true unit of measurement because overall it works better. You can wrap it around things, twist it into places a meter stick won't fit but if someone asks how long is it and you have to pull out a meter stick to measure it are you really using it to measure.  Because if that board isn't said to be 1 1\2 strings long but is called 3 meters long than you arent really using the string to measure.  Just to reference the standard of measerment. Crypto needs to come into its own value if it is to succeed like people claim it will.
Its all fine and dandy to look towards and plan for the future but you still need to keep an eye out for where you are stepping so you dont fall into a hole. Right now there are a lot of people digging the hole for crypto whether they know it or not and not near enough people trying to fill it or at least build a bridge over it to help us see that future.
I don't want crypto to fail but I also dont want to stand on a ship that could end up sinking itself. Because even though my name is Jack, I doubt I will find some hot chick to make naked stick figures of and to let me freeze to death because she doesn't know how to shift her damn weight...
Upon rereading this, I have come to the conclusion that I use too many analogies.  So I am going to try to stay away from them like a fat guy avoids a salad.....damn it.
@_date: 2018-01-17 19:34:33
easy you just hodl /s
@_date: 2018-01-15 12:16:39
The reason gold is used is because it is the best forbthose situations.  Even if there are other materials that can behave like gold in the certains applications it is used, gold is still by far the easiest to manufacture to the needs and well like I said the best at it.  If we stopped using gold to make shiny pretty things and devalued its cosmetic uses, there would still be a huge demand for gold. And hell we might even get some of our electronics at a slightly cheaper price since the price of gold will tank.
@_date: 2018-01-15 13:45:15
And like I said, if we stopped using them for cosmetic purposes and only in industrial manufacturing, its price would tank but there will still be a price for it since it still has uses outside "oh it is pretty". Yeah it was used in ancient times as a form of wealth and currency but that doesn't mean anything in today's market.  If we stopped using those metals to decorate with than their prices would be similar to that of other industrial metals. Maybe a bit higher because of the wide range of applications it can be used for.
I really don't know how to make this any easier to understand.  Just because it has an inflated value because of its cosmetic uses does not mean it doesnt hold any value at all.
@_date: 2018-01-15 13:18:38
This is something I have been trying to tell people about. It is not crypto currency, it is crypto commodity.  The reply is always something along the lines of "this is just fueling adoption" like one day a switch will be flipped and people will just use bit coin. Almost every post you find is talking bout how to earn more fiat using crypto instead of the utility of it.  If this trend continues than when the average "adopter" stops making money off it they will dump and move on.  In order for this to be viable, it has to be easier to use than the current system we already have and than it needs to be widely and fully supported on the business side of things.  Hell most of my town don't even facilitate those little chips that are in debit cards now.
You are also right about its failure to be a currency because of its volatility. Nothing screams "visible currency" like a 23% change in value over the past 30 days.  It would be cool if this whole thing worked out and this was a practical way to handle your transactions on a day to day. Bur as it sits now, this is just a fun way to pretend to be the wolf of wall street.
@_date: 2018-01-17 19:08:32
RemindMe! 2 Days "Another won't go lower person"
@_date: 2018-01-17 19:09:55
381,203,801 monies duh...
@_date: 2018-01-14 12:54:53
Lol "FOX - its a little shakey but we still like it"
@_date: 2018-01-15 14:33:51
Ok, I should have read this comment more carefully, I think I skimmed through the last half but the final sentence makes it all clear what you are struggling with.
You dont understand why gold and silver are tied to wealth over all the other metals.  This is actually easy to explain.  Gold and silver met the basic requirements to be used as currency.  They are both hard to duplicate since most metals will not stand out like they do and  they are durable and wont eroude away like iron.  Unlike my previous post this actually leans heavily on ancient times.  You have  to think about what was available back in those days.  If you placed the raw ore for a bunch of different metals in front of someone from those days 99/100 they could not be able to tell what was what minus the silver and gold (also if you really want to flip your lid track the price of aluminum back 150yrs).  A lot of what is on the periodic table was added fairly recently, relativly speaking.
Gold was easy to get a hold of and when it is refined will stand out and stand the test of time.  Other forms of currency where used back in the day but nothing was as easy to manufacture as gold and silver.  Hell there where tribes who used carved stone wheels as currency but again, gold is just and easier option. And just like today, people love to show off how rich they are so what says I am rich better than just wearing a suit made of money, or decorating your house in money.  
Eventually gold itself became replaced because its value and the rate at which we exchanged at was just too troublesome.  Paper money became main stream and if you look at it, maimtains the basic rules of what a currency needs to be. Easy to produce, hard to replicate and abundance of availability.  Look again and you will see that we are fading that out as well with debit cards.
Really anything could have been the staple of wealth and currency but in the end, we are just glorified monkeys and we like shiney things 
@_date: 2018-01-30 18:39:18
Yeah I was also a bit ify on paying more for it over amazon but I just went through and looked at the different sellers and picked one that was reputable and had amazon filling out the order.  I just wanted to get my coin off an online vault because I have been losing a lot of trust in online vaults. 
@_date: 2018-01-30 17:45:47
On a time crunch right now, once this test goes through I'll look into setting that up.  Just making sure I haven't screwed anything up before I have to take off.
@_date: 2018-01-15 13:27:23
What if I told you the whole point of a viable currency isn't to fluctuate in price so drastically that it is viewed as a trading commodity but is to maintain a general value so it can be used in transactions and the amount traded can than be traded again at relatively the same value.
It is carp like this that discredits the purpose of crypto currency.
@_date: 2017-12-31 21:24:43
if you go look at the price, right around the time this post came out it skyrocketed.  
Either those crafty aussies have some clever insider trading going on, it was a perfectly timed post or people are just silly and a lot of peole bought it.  Both figuratively and literally. 
@_date: 2017-11-02 05:02:17
Same here as well.  Since I started buying bitcoin, I have doubled my income...granted I only had .067 but still a double is a double and i really want to get into this more heavily.
@_date: 2018-02-09 18:05:34
So, it won't go lower huh?
@_date: 2017-09-18 11:26:50
20 cents left
@_date: 2017-09-14 04:14:59
I hope it keeps this trend going till friday, I am waiting for someone to pay me for a job I did for them and would love to catch it on a nice low
@_date: 2017-09-15 10:25:37
Congrats mate, I'm working my way up to 1 coin as well, got in late to this little game but oh well still fun..errr.... No fun no emotion, john 5 not alive hodl.exe executed
@_date: 2017-09-15 10:25:37
Congrats mate, I'm working my way up to 1 coin as well, got in late to this little game but oh well still fun..errr.... No fun no emotion, john 5 not alive hodl.exe executed
@_date: 2017-09-15 18:52:43
There will most likely be another micro to medium dip to maybe 3200 as the people who didn't want to sell when the price was falling because they heard the china stuff.  Not many of those people left but if they do make their move out it will be late day in an effort to wait out and see how the Americas act in it.  If this does happen though it will bounce back really quickly and he'll simce I havent been able to keep an eye on it too closely it might have already happened because the bounce back from this would be strong and quick as this drop filtered out the more nervous investors.
I'm no expert obviously but just a thing I suspect given how people respond to stuff like this. Anyway this has been a fun week lol. 
Edit: as I finished typing this I went and checked the history and it seems like this already happened. So good job me "predicting" something that already happened haha.