@_author: jackbetrader
@_date: 2017-12-08 22:17:14
Very sad to hear for your loss and your brother having such a difficult time dealing with his situation. If he was hacked, that would be a very difficult thing to deal with mentally especially when you're relatively young and have no obvious path towards reconciliation. It may be too early to tell... but was he in debt? Debt would be a much larger mental weight than simply losing money and having to restart at zero.
If he sold them too early, the fact is he never would have made the kind of money that he drove himself mad over missing. Looking back and doing the math on 'what if i held' is nothing but a flawed form of thinking, because this is not a binary one time 'what if' question.
A binary 'what if' question when you wish you could change one decision at one particular point in time that isn't a re-occuring possibility. "If I didn't punch that dude, I wouldn't have been arrested." "If I didn't take the wrong turn, I wouldn't have got lost in the woods."  The reason why this question is different is because the 'what if' in this case is when to sell, could have happened at essentially an infinite number of times and price points between then and now. It's not a binary question, it's a constantly reoccurring possibility that occurs over and over at every minute of every day. Because if the nature of that type of question, the probability of your 'what if' scenario quickly approaches zero.
I had 4 BTC that I bought early 2016 that I bought around $200-$400 and sold at varying prices around $1000. I sold them because they had gone up so much, and it was a right thing for me to do at the time. I don't beat myself over not holding 4BTC today, because I never would have ever held them to this point. I would have sold when it hit $2k, I would have sold when it hit $3k, I would have sold when it hit $5k, and so on. Maybe I should have held onto 1BTC just to be in on the ride, but even then I bet you I would have sold that last one too at 7K. The odds of 'what if' are so close to zero that they are zero.