@_author: jackswebb
@_date: 2015-06-26 09:23:09
You would be correct except for the fact that central banks can issue debt out of thin air, as much as the want, any time they want. With crypto that's just not possible. You can't just make crypto out of thin air, it's a mathematical process that can't be sped along just because you want it it. Which was kind of the whole point. So crypto would make war a thing of the past because what I said. you would have to write a check every time obama or any president wanted to go to war.. a BIG check.. 
Central banks don't actually have money to lend. When we need it they issue it out of thin air. It's basically worthless counterfeit. Can't counterfeit crypto = no money to loan for war = no more war because we can't pay for it ourselves.. Simple as that.
@_date: 2015-06-26 10:34:39
Well of course it's a trivial exercise, that's how we buy crypto in the fist place unless your a miner. Central banks got their start because gold was too heavy for people to carry around. So they came up with this idea that a bank would hold the peoples gold in a vault and issue IOU's exactly as you have stated. The problems started when bankers issued IOU's to themselves so they could spend them around town buying up all kinds of assests. When the people came around for their gold, there was none left. This is called a bank run and cant happen with crypto because the accounting is built into the system. You don't have to trust anyone, it's all there. As I have stated many times already. You can't just print up a few bitcoins because you want to buy a ferrari.
now as far as people being gullable and trusting these idiots to pay them back? Johnathan Gruber said it best.. The Stupidity of the American voter.. Or.. There's a sucker born every minute!
@_date: 2015-06-26 10:47:08
Central banks receive interest on debt owed, that's their profit . I can't think of any better type of income. Yes they illicitly and illegally fund wars for profit. Wake up man! The evidence is all around you.
@_date: 2015-06-26 08:52:51
The are investment vehicles to central banks. 
@_date: 2015-06-26 08:32:37
Of course you struggle to see, It's because you've got it all backwards. It's not you who wants wars, it's the federal reserve bank! Why? Because war is very profitable for their business. And no it's not that simple because you would never be able to afford it. Your share of paying for a war would be astronomical. You are clearly not understanding how wars are financed. You don't pay for them out of your pocket. Our govt pays for wars with borrowed federal reserve dollars created out of thin air. And then we owe the federal reserve money which we do not have. So we wind up paying interest on the debt forever! Kind of like a mortgage. Crypto negates that because there is no federal reserve from which to borrow the money from, and you can't just print crypto out of thin air. If the govt wanted top pay for a war, it would have to ask the citizens for crypto directly from their wallets. No loan, no interest payment, just flat out pay for it. Nobody would ever go for it because no-one would be able to afford it. Cmon man you can't figure this out? The money we spend on wars is more than what the IRS collects in taxes.. It's all out there for you to discover. GOOGLE it.. You just need to do the math and then you will SEE!
@_date: 2015-06-26 11:38:26
LOL you are talking about bonds. Bonds are govt issued, not issued by the central bank. The treasury is part of the govt. The federal reserve is a PRIVATE COMPANY like Federal Express, and is not part of the govt.
So when was the last time you purchased a bond? What does a bond even pay today? something like 3% over 30 years? Are you kidding? Do you trust them to pay back even that trivial amount?
They can't even raise the interest rate because if they did, we would not be able to pay back even just the interest for that debt and would have to default on our loans. Investors earn the interest, but it's the taxpayers who pay it. They are resorting to buying up their own bonds just to keep the pozni scheme going. To make it look like our bonds are actually worth buying.
We are basically screwed and stuck between a rock and a hard place. We can't escape this monster and it's going to crash sooner or later. This will bring about an era of mistrust of banks like you see in Argentina. People there keep money hidden in their homes. When that happens, people will be looking at an alternative currency.
What better currency than some crypto to take the place of fiat? And when that happens the value of crypto will skyrocket. Even 1 bitcoin could be worth billions of dollars. Nobody really knows how high it can go. People won't go back to using paper plastic or central banks. I highly doubt that. Just study the Argentine collapse.
It's a full movie pretty long but very intersting. 
@_date: 2015-06-26 09:33:47
Oh and that bit about central banks having no authority. Are you kidding? Who do you think controls the purse strings? They may not have legal authority, but they control the money supply so yes the really do.
And it doesn't really matter if they do or not, they fund both sides of every war because it's about profits, not authority.
@_date: 2015-06-26 10:04:29
LOL I'll thank you now because yes you are correct! But the thing is that would bring us right back to using centrally controlled counterfeit DYNOSAUR currency. So don't even bother using crypto at all, but I don't see that happening if everyone was using crypto. Why?
Because paper is paper, and crypto is more convenient than paper. Paper money was invented because gold was to heavy to carry around. It was a convenience.. Today we use debit cards more than paper because they are more convenient. Plastic replaced paper because it's easier. If the world used crypto there would be no need to ever use paper or platic ever again because crypto is the ultimate convenient currency.
A bank check takes 3 days to clear. Crypto is almost instant. If I want to sell something on my website using dollars. I have to subject myself to paypal rules and fees, bank rules and fees and sign my rights and privacy away. If I sold things on my site using crypto, its super easy to do! Just put up a bitcoin address and there you have it! What makes crypto special is that it's not just a currency, it's also a payment gateway. Cash can't do that. Debit/credit cards can but they have limitations as well. Crypto has removed all those limitation
So yes you are righ but it's not going to happen like that. We could go round and round forever with this. Bottom line is people need to wake up and realize what's really going on. I think we are getting there slowly. But until we do, we are at the mercy of these criminals. 
And if you want to thank me, here's a bitcoin address where you could send me some coin. Lets see fiat dollars do that trick! ;)
@_date: 2014-10-26 17:19:12
A slave asks "is it legal" a free man asks "is it right" This is wrong wrong wrong! No debate to be had..  You sound like a slave to me..
@_date: 2014-10-26 17:31:29
Might be that too.. But what this really is, is an attempt to derail crypto in order to save the central banks (federal reserve) and their monopoly on currency.
@_date: 2016-06-13 20:48:15
Hmm? I'm not so sure.. Making it fully HTTP is not the nature of the beast. OB runs on the "network" that's about it. I'm pretty sure HTTP would kill it as a "private" exchange. If you want HTTP check out Amazon or FB store. 
@_date: 2015-07-09 07:35:53
Of course they can get their hands on Litecoins or Dogecoins. They don't have to buy anything. All they have to do is provide a service. The customers are the ones that pay..
@_date: 2015-04-29 03:25:11
You're right, you don't get it. Sure you can use crypto to finance anything, even wars. But why would you? Seems to me you're not fully understanding exactly how wars are financed. If you did you would understand that the end of central banking would bring about the end of wars. 
