@_author: jackcliu
@_date: 2014-12-17 11:07:02
We've got big plans for the site as a central hub of Bitcoin info, content, and news. 
Change of control news leaked out - refreshes to come. 
@_date: 2014-03-02 00:12:35
I've set up a campaign page where everyone can comment, update each other on making this happen, and be notified if and when it's confirmed that it's happening. 
Bill Maher - Debate A. Antonopoulos 
@_date: 2014-01-13 07:13:46
My interpretation of how Bitcoin was portrayed in the program coming from a native Chinese speaker:
Bitcoin is a high stakes game. That's all it is. They highighted a few individuals. One was someone who bought at the top with all his savings and capitulated and sold at the bottom - citing many others who did the same. Wretched impact on these families. A businessman got into selling Bitcoin mining machines and after the price collapse, many customers returned or cancelled their orders forcing this businessman to lose his entire year of profits that he had made on Taobao from his main cosmetics business. OKCoin saw their customer base double from 60,000 to 120,000 during the boom and then saw volumn collapse after the government laid out their measures. Lastly they cited how many students and young people lacking in life experiences and trading experiences had borrowed money from their friends and put it in Bitcoin, and now cannot get the money out from the exchanges to return to the other students. This supposedly led to life threats and violence. This is especially bad, as we are approaching Chinese New Years and so many people have suffered from this wild game. 
Almost no mention during this video about anything to do with the lower transaction fees and how it can help merchants save. They also did not mentionn the technological innovation that is the blockchain. Of course, the program did not mention the ability to send money privately to anyone and anywhere in the world. 
As for the government's own measures taken, they tried to play it off as the government doing it's job to protect its people's interested - supporting this position by the program citing that Thailand had banned it, South Korea heavily warned against it, and India had taken measures against it. 
A fascinating can't keep your eyes off of it game they called Bitcoin because of its extreme volatility and tempting price action, the program warned viewers of the consequence that can result. No mention of anything other than this is one big game. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 08:22:31
Very true. Well said. 
@_date: 2014-06-11 01:15:47
Yes. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 01:53:13
Appreciate it!
@_date: 2014-06-02 18:32:42
You can use AAPL shares as an alternative semi-anonymous ebay payment option. I will hold AAPL shares for price appreciation.
Sorry but not 100% of the supply is going to be available for providing liquidity. 
Theoretically, sure if you made the Snapchat of Bitcoin called Snapcoin, then yes everyone would convert from fiat into Snapcoin and back out into fiat. Otherwise, no. 
@_date: 2014-01-06 07:01:37
LOL. This person wrote the article in October of 2011 when the price was at $2.80 per BTC
Bitcoin is a very new technology, even though the concept that it brings to life is decades old. The double spending problem has been solved; this means that it is possible to use a digital certificate to stand in the place of money and be sure that no one else can spend that certificate other than you as long as you hold it. This is an unprecedented paradigm shift, the implications of which are not yet fully understood, and for which the tools do not yet exist to fully take advantage of this new idea.
This new technology requires some new thinking when it comes to developing businesses that are built upon it. In the same way that the pioneer providers of email did not correctly understand the service they were selling for many years, new and correct thinking about Bitcoin is needed, and will emerge, so that it reaches its full potential and becomes ubiquitous.
Hotmail used familiar technologies (the browser, email) to create a better way of accessing and delivering email; the idea of using an email client like Outlook Express has been superseded by web interfaces and email ‘in the cloud’ that provides many advantages over a dedicated client with your mail in your own local storage.
Bitcoin, which will transform the way you transfer money, needs to be understood on its own terms, and not as an online form of money. Thinking about Bitcoin as money is as absurd as thinking about email as another form of sending letters by post; one not only replaces the other but it profoundly changes the way people send and consume messages. It is not a simple substitution or one dimensional improvement of an existing idea or service.
As I have explained previously, Bitcoin is not money. Bitcoin is a protocol. If you treat it in this way, with the correct assumptions, you can start the process of putting Bitcoin in a proper context, allowing you to make rational suggestions about the sort of services that might be profitable based on it.
If Bitcoin is a protocol and not money, then setting up currency exchanges that mimic real world money, stock and commodity exchanges to trade in it doesn’t make any sense. You would not set up an email exchange to buy and sell email, and the same thing applies to Bitcoin.
Staying with this train of thought, when you type in an email on your Gmail account, you are inputting your ‘letter’. You press send, it goes through your ISP, over the internets, into the ISP of your recipient and then it is outputted on your recipient’s machine. The same is true of Bitcoin; you input money on one end through a service and then send the Bitcoin to your recipient, without an intermediary to handle the transfer. Once Bitcoin does its job of moving your value across the globe to its recipient it needs to be ‘read out’, i.e. turned back into money, in the same way that your letter is displayed to its recipient in an email.
In the email scenario, once the transfer happens and the email you have received conveys its information to you, it has no use other than to be a record of the information that was sent (accounting), and you archive that information. Bitcoin does this accounting in the block chain for you, and a good service built on it will store extended transaction details for you locally, but what you need to have as the recipient of Bitcoin is money or goodsnot Bitcoin itself.
Bitcoin’s true nature is as an instant way to transmit money anywhere in the world. It is not an investment, or money itself, and holding on to it in the hopes that it will become valuable is like holding on to an email or a PDF in the hopes it will be come valuable in the future; it doesn’t make any sense.
Despite the fact that you cannot double spend them and each one is unique, Bitcoins have no inherent value, unlike a book or any physical object. They cannot appreciate in value. Mistaken thinking about Bitcoin has spread because it behaves like money, due to the fact it cannot be double spent. This fact however has masked Bitcoin’s dual nature of being digital, duplicable and not double spendable.
Bitcoin is digital, with all the qualities of information that make information non scarce. It sits in a new place that oscillates between the goods of the physical world and the infinitely abundant digital world of information, belonging exclusively to the digital world but having the characteristics of both. This is why it has been widely misunderstood and why a new approach is needed to design businesses around it.
All of this goes some way to explain why the price of buying Bitcoins at the exchanges doesn’t matter. If the cost of buying a Bitcoin goes to 1¢ This does not change the amount of money that comes out at the other end of a transfer. As long as you redeem your Bitcoins immediately after the transfer into either goods or currency, the same value comes out at the other end no matter what you paid for the Bitcoins when you started the process.
Think about it this way. Let us suppose that you want to send a long text file to another person. You can either send it as it is, or you can compress it with zip. The size of a document file when it is zipped can be up to 87% smaller than the original. When we transpose this idea to Bitcoin, the compression ratio is the price of Bitcoin at an exchange. If a Bitcoin is $100, and you want to buy something from someone in India for $100 you need to buy 1 Bitcoin to get that $100 to india. If the price of Bitcoin is 1¢ then you need 10,000 Bitcoins to send $100 dollars to India. These would be expressed as compression ratios of 1:1 and 10,000:1 respectively.
The same $100 value is sent to India, wether you use 10,000 or 1 Bitcoin. The price of Bitcoins is irrelevant to the value that is being transmitted, in the same way that zip files do not ‘care’ what is inside them; Bitcoin and zip are dumb protocols that do a job.
As long as the value of Bitcoins does not go to zero, it will have the same utility as if the value were very ‘high’.
Bearing all of this in mind, its clear that new services to facilitate the rapid, frictionless conversion into and out of Bitcoin are needed to allow it to function in a manner that is true to its nature.
The current business models of exchanges are not addressing Bitcoin’s nature correctly. They are using the Twentieth Century model of stock, commodity and currency exchanges and superimposing this onto Bitcoin. Interfacing with these exchanges is non-trivial, and for the ordinary user a daunting prospect. In some cases, you have to wait up to seven days to receive a transfer of your fiat currency after it has been cashed out of your account from Bitcoins. Whilst this is not a fault of the exchanges, it represents a very real impediment to Bitcoin acting in its nature and providing its complete value.
Imagine this; you receive an email from across the world, and are notified of the fact by being displayed the subject line in your browser. You then apply to your ISP to have this email delivered to you, and you have to wait seven days for it to arrive in your physical mail box. The very idea is completely absurd, and yet, this is exactly what is happening with Bitcoin, for no technical reason whatsoever.
It is clear that there needs to be a re-think of the services that are growing around Bitcoin, along with a re-think of what the true nature of Bitcoin is. Rethinking services is a normal part of entrepreneurialism and we should expect business models to fail and early entrants to fall by the wayside as the ceaseless iterations and pivoting progress.
Bearing all of this in mind, focussing on the price of Bitcoin at exchanges using a business model that is inappropriate for this technology simply is not rational; its like putting a methane breathing canary in a mine full of oxygen breathing humans as a detector. The bird dies even though nothing is wrong with the air; the miners rush to evacuate, leaving the exposed gold seams behind, thinking that they are all about to be wiped out, when all is actually fine.
Bitcoin, and the ideas behind it are here to stay. As the number of people downloading the client and using it increases, like Hotmail, it will eventually reach critical mass and then spread exponentially through the internet. When that happens, the correct business models will spontaneously emerge, as they will become obvious, in the same way that Hotmail, Gmail, Facebook, cellular phones and instant messaging seem like second nature.
In the future. I imagine that very few people will speculate on the value of Bitcoin, because even though that might be possible, and even profitable, there will be more money to be made in providing easy to use Bitcoin services that take full advantages of what Bitcoin is.
One thing is for sure; speed will be of the essence in any future Bitcoin business model. The startups that provide instant satisfaction on both ends of the transaction are the ones that are going to succeed. Even though the volatility of the price of Bitcoin is bound to stabilise, since it has no use in and of itself, getting back to money or goods instantly will be a sought after characteristic of any business built on Bitcoin.
The needs of Bitcoin businesses provide many challenges in terms of performance, security and new thinking. Out of these challenges will come new practices and software that we can only just imagine as they come over the horizon.
@_date: 2014-05-31 00:02:45
So you're saying....
1) I don't have a bank account
2) I am one of the 100,000 people (Globally)that have over $5,000 in Bitcoin
3) I don't currently use DISH (cause if I do, why would I convert to Bitcoin and why would DISH care to help me?)
4) I now want to use DISH and will use some of my $5,000+ in Bitcoin on DISH
So play that number out and I get something like 100 people max who will pay DISH via Bitcoins? 
Cause let's be real - unless you are a top 100,000 holder of bitcoin with over 10 coins, there's no chance you going to use that to spend at DISH.... that makes no sense. 
So I own 0.5 Bitcoins... oh let me go spend that at Overstock, Fancy, DISH? Right. 
PR Stunt. Period. 
@_date: 2014-09-20 08:15:33
There is no need to reach backwards. 
Wall Street will begin to talk more like Bitcoin not the other way around.
Look at what Apple Pay is doing. Their technology is opening up. They are using token methods. PayPal is doing mobile pay etc. 
Any effort made to try to take Bitcoin backwards in terms of adding regulation or adding regulatory capture strategies or trying to make it less secure etc will only make its value go down not up. 
@_date: 2014-04-15 01:50:25
Love the individual letters as a method. 
Stop using petition sites like Change.org it doesn't work. That 2,000 signature number is auto generated. The moment you reach it, it'll say x more needed. It goes from 100, to 500 to 1000 to 5000 to 10000 to 100000.
It also spams Amazon with any and all petitions for the company on every single signature so it wouldn't even stand out. They get the same email for a 5000th signature for them to accept Bitcoin as another petition's 2nd signature. So it's likely auto deleted.
I would know. I'm working on an alternative to 'useless' petition sites.  Would love your support.
@_date: 2014-04-14 09:25:21
Marc Andreessen is on Facebook's board and an investor in  Coinbase. 
Facebook just bought the  messaging platform Whatsapp. Snapchat makes no sense for bitcoin. Whatsapp does. 
Facebook just removed messaging from it's core app probably cause adding bitcoin to the whole thing would be a mess. 
I think within 12 months we will have bitcoin as easy to do on Facebook as adding an emoticon or a freaking sticker. 
Look for coinbase integration / buyout coming IMO
@_date: 2014-01-13 12:19:20
It means unable to withdraw - they may have been talking about one of the other exchanges. This was in a segment that also mentioned the GBL - HK based company that abruptly stopped service. 
I went back to watch this part again and it was pretty ridiculous the story. The person speaking hosts a bitcoin video channel and apparently he's now really mad after this government tv program came out because he was interviewed for two hours and they only took the snippets where he said negative things about bitcoin. Here's what he said in the portion that was aired:
"While it was crashing from 6000 rmb down to 2000 rmb, on our hotline, we were receiving panic calls from lots of people. One was this adult who was in bitcoin and all his family had given him the funds to put into bitcoin too without knowing what it is. In the moment bitcoin had kept surging. Then it collapsed to 2000 and he was calling our show panicking cause his parents were sick in the hospital and the bills were coming due. He had to sell at 2000 to meet cash flows but the problem was the gateway to pull money out was closed. So even trying to cut your losses you couldn't do.  Tons of stories like this. We heard from students who borrowed from other students that can't pay them back now cause it's collapsed. So you know this game it really is tough on those who are young and old who don't know how dangerous it is. "
@_date: 2014-06-04 07:36:42
Your children are the most precious thing in the world to you and you want to raise them right. You really mean well. You want to instil the right values in them. 
You want to teach them from a young age to be thrifty, to save, and to value what they have. 
So you have them do the dishes or mow the lawn for that allowance each week to tell them it takes hard work to make money. 
You go ahead and give your kids their allowance in fiat. 
Oops. Bad idea. 
That’s how your grandparents on down received their allowance. But the world’s different than generations past.  Those dollars are no longer linked to Gold and real interest rates have been persistently negative. There’s a reason your kid doesn’t use a piggy bank these days. Filling up that jar with savings isn’t going to buy much. 
Inflation makes good money chase after bad. It deprives savers of wealth in favour of debtors. 
You may say all the right things to your child but if you’re giving them fiat, what do you think they’ll do?
Hold onto it or spend it all?
Both are bad. If they held onto it, would they be bitter when it buys less, regretting that they didn’t have that chocolate bar? Probably. Would they think you were foolish for telling them to save? Probably. Perhaps your child will one day grow up to think it’s better to spend now and that taking on debt is the right way to go. And if they spent all their allowance, then that day has already come. 
Of course, as an alternative to fiat, you could choose to give them TIPS, or the S&amp;P ETF, but how do they take a couple dollars of that out to buy a candy bar? Doesn’t feel like an allowance to me for doing all that yard work. So if you want to go that route, save it for the college fund, the inheritance etc. 
For that few dollars of allowance each week, give your child Bitcoin. 
You might think it’s difficult, but your child’s been on an iPad since 2 and probably knows how to use a smartphone better than you. By giving their allowance in Bitcoin, you give them the freedom to spend it or save it - that’s the beauty of something that is both a currency and a store of value. 
If you want to pass onto your children the values you want them to have, it would be wise to make sure the instrument you give them shares those same values. 
@_date: 2014-04-14 09:58:34
If it's not bitcoin, then this will fall on it's face just like Facebook Poke fell vs. Snapchat. 
They are way too late to stuff tencent paypal has already done. 
Marc Andreessen and Peter Thiel are on that board. There's no way Bitcoin is not coming at some point. 
@_date: 2014-06-08 16:14:32
money supply? of course 17bn stock valuation has nothing to do with 21m bitcoins.....
what are you comparing?
@_date: 2014-06-02 16:49:49
Thanks. Next article will be on why it's going to be successful - and tackling this from the economics (inflation/deflation, incentives, game theory etc)
@_date: 2014-04-15 01:43:24
Guys. Stop using Change.org it doesn't work. That 2,000 signature number is auto generated. The moment you reach it, it'll say x more needed. It goes from 100, to 500 to 1000 to 5000 to 10000 to 100000.
It also spams Amazon with any and all petitions for the company on every single signature so it wouldn't even stand out. They get the same email for a 5000th signature for them to accept Bitcoin as another petition's 2nd signature. So it's likely auto deleted. 
I would know. I'm working on an alternative to 'useless' petition sites.  Would love your support. 
@_date: 2014-06-18 03:39:39
Just found out about you Tina. You're hilarious. Keep up the great work!
@_date: 2014-06-08 03:51:49
Where is Roger Ver when you need him to make a prediction on Bitcoin vs. Uber market cap :)
@_date: 2014-05-09 12:18:14
I dont get how they can sell these for $50 SGD or $100 SGD... with a private key inside...
How would they know how many bitcoins that amount would be at the point of purchase??? 
Sorry if I'm stupid..
@_date: 2014-05-31 01:22:48
Great points my friend. 
Curious on why you think we should go past the speculative level and become a payment option.
There's only 1 million holders of bitcoin. Even with 10 million owners globally that's absolutely tiny. So it has to stay speculative before it is mainstream. By the time it reaches 10 million owners, the price could be 10x what it is right now or more.... so you can't get past the volatility either. It is an investment until it is accepted. 
I would much rather see a tiny town or city all use bitcoin - that becomes a payment option yet doesn't need the whole world at once. Dish here, Fancy there, Overstock there doesn't quite get to the tipping point fast enough and therefore you end up with little utility for a long long time - stuck at the speculative zone. 
@_date: 2014-11-07 04:36:15
Sorry I mean one digital currency surpassing another as the top Cryptocurrency. Aka surpassing Bitcoin. I don't look at these other coins as money so their change in rankings is irrelevant to me. 
@_date: 2014-09-20 08:25:43
People in the bitcoin space needs to understand this is not about Digital Currencies vs. Fiat Currencies. 
It's not like Bitshares-X is better than the Zimbabwe dollar by default. 
Too many people in this space thinks Bitcoin is friends with Etherium or things like that. As if 1 is 1.0 and the other is 2.0. 
The truth is, there is no point trying to present any other coin as having any monetary investment value whatsoever. There are undoubtedly great usecases for DACs and ethers but ethers themselves will not and cannot have any value superior to Bitcoin.
Simple logic being if Bitcoin 1.0 can lose its value to Bitcoin 2.0, that is not a reason to buy 2.0 because then why wouldn't 3.0 be even better? 
To me, anyone not working on Bitcoin itself is using on a usecase for Bitcoin - which is to acquire Ether or to acquire Drugs, or to acquire Bananas, or to acquire Stellar. If these people are also trying to convince you that Ethers or anything else can be successful as a store of value, then they have little understanding of economics and therefore should be treated no different than the Paul Krugman's of the world. 
@_date: 2014-06-06 13:24:34
1-6 are a symptom of people buying Bitcoin and understanding it's a superior technology. It helps perhaps connect with Joe's Mainstream's contextual learning needs, but aren't the reasons why Bitcoin is superior to anything in the history of the world in terms of a mechanism for Store of Value / currency.
@_date: 2014-06-12 18:31:49
they could not do that. but they are profit maximising entities. so they will accept bitcoin
@_date: 2014-11-07 04:37:37
What I mean is if Bitcoin is surpassed, it will happen with Bitcoin at a much lower market cap than $5bn. And thereafter, the new currency will not reach $5bn in market cap. It will be very challenging to see that happen.  
@_date: 2014-09-29 08:37:22
Right so how come people are not buying??
@_date: 2014-12-31 12:59:21
Circle absolutely should be listed there. We have listed Circle first on Bitcoin.com. 
I find them to be leading the way for retail banking and financial services. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 17:03:39
This is simply not true mutecow. 
Having worked on the trading floor of a Wall Street bank, what you're describing is instead of "fill me at market", you're saying "work the order TWAP / VWAP". This method only smoothes out the rate at which you will be filled at to some type of average price for the day, but the overall size of your order remains the same and requires a lot more liquidity than just the size of one of your piecemeal trades. 
The fact is turnover or volume traded is related to the marketcap. You can try to piecemeal all you want but the truth is over a short period of time, you need to buy 55m worth of coins not from who you are sending to but another market participant(s). That participant(s) whether you are buying in chunks or not, don't care that you are going to send it over to your friend who will sell it out immediately. 
Price of a good is determined by the marginal willingness to buy and sell and most people have no interest in transacting at that 'marginal price'. They're long term holders. Again, you splitting up your order into a 55 million orders of $1 each does nothing to solve the problem that not enough $ value of coins are for sale that hour/day etc. 
Trust me, with every real user sending 55 million, there will be several more speculators owning coins for the potential of others doing the same. That's why inflows and market cap are linked. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 10:28:01
Thanks mate
@_date: 2014-05-31 00:07:52
I love Bitcoins. I think everyone in the world should own it. 
But it's at 1m owners globally... and adding merchants doesn't help the Nigerian dude, the escaper in China, or people who care for liberatian principals. 
What I'm saying is this community needs to think of ways of getting more people to adopt it. 
What I'm really saying is let's embrace hoarding. That people should own some as an investment. Cause right now - it's an investment PERIOD. Trying to convince people to pick up some bitcoins cause they can then use it at DISH is silly at this moment. 
@_date: 2014-09-20 08:16:37
It's a reflection that the ecosystem has made Bitcoin less useful not more. 
@_date: 2014-05-29 23:57:24
It's great that Dish is accepting Bitcoin, but it would be great if more people could see the attachment between Dish and Bitcoin and join the ecosystem. Let's encourage Dish to do what Overstock did with Bitcoin at the end of their commercial by delivering a micropetition to Dish!
@_date: 2014-06-08 16:16:27
you cannot buy uber for 17bn either my friend. maybe 40bn
@_date: 2014-09-15 19:57:49
Sorry that quote did not come from me. It was another commenter. 
My stance is I don't particularly think fixed supply of anything without adoption means much. So I wouldn't speculate on Bitcoin just because it was fixed in supply. I would buy it because of its network effect lead, and the promise it holds for being used in a variety of unique use cases. The fact that it is fixed in supply is great for being a store of value if the above holds. Given alt-coins have a mountain to overcome, their being fixed in supply to me is largely irrelevant. 
@_date: 2014-01-13 19:58:21
This is very cool! Thank you. Will write up more whenever new videos come out. 
@_date: 2014-06-05 21:49:18
It's just a risk to factor in. Bitcoin could go to $150k per coin... but on it's way there... it may go down and stay at $300 for a couple of years... Do I want to use a service that may not be there for me if that happens? 
Why would I want Blockchain.info to not have a bank account or not hold some fiat. How does that help me? Like beyond the marketing b/s. How does that help me as a customer. 
Sure my coins may not be lost cause I have a private key - but that does not mean I don't care about the stability of my service provider. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 02:56:05
Thanks wudaokor. I will edit it for accuracy if you don't mind to "China's apprehensions"
@_date: 2014-06-02 11:39:00
thanks! haha those were the days. I live now in SF!
@_date: 2014-12-19 05:05:55
I saw these guys in Korea last week. These guys are legit. Check it out. 
@_date: 2014-06-12 18:17:15
Coinbase just launched this feature. Game changer
@_date: 2014-09-06 06:31:46
I believe that one day, you will no longer be able to use a credit card to buy goods online. Only Bitcoin will be accepted. 
To begin, let’s examine the mechanics of credit cards and Bitcoin. 
Credit Cards are a PULL system
Take a second to think about how a credit card actually works. On this card embossed visibly, is access to your money. When you shop online, you grant access to the vendor - providing Name, Credit Card Number, 3-digit security code, expiration date etc - to buy a $10 t-shirt, and trust that the company will PULL from your account only $10. 
You check your statement every month to ensure that no one has stolen your credit card number and used it without your consent - whether that be a robber, a hacker, or an online merchant. 
The credit card companies internally have an entire fraud department set up to try to detect unapproved activity with your credit card to try to limit the damage. 
If someone has inappropriately PULLED funds from you, you call the credit card company to resolve it and get your money back. The inefficiencies of this system is why credit card companies have to charge merchants a 3% fee for any payments made with a credit card. This 3% is enough at the moment to cover for fraud. 
Bitcoin is a PUSH system
When paying with Bitcoin, rather than giving your account for someone to pull money from, you are actually in control of the funds the entire time and voluntarily push only the amount you want to the merchant. When buying a $10 t-shirt, Bitcoin works by you sending $10 to the online store without anyone other than yourself having access to your money. It is similar to how the recipient of an email you send has no access to your email account. They only receive the particular email you sent them. 
Due to this, there are no problems with chargebacks and no fraudulent expenses that the network has to deal with. As such, over 80,000 merchants have accepted Bitcoin as a form of payment online, including notably the 6 billion dollar sized companies: Expedia, Tiger Direct, Dell, Overstock, Newegg, DISH. 
Awesome. Now there’s 2 choices for the consumer right? 
No. This current state is only temporary. 
As the amount of online spending conducted with Bitcoin increases, credit card companies will not only be unable to compete with the 0 transaction cost of Bitcoin through cutting fees, they will actually be forced to increase the fees they charge merchants from 3% to 4% to 5%, and higher until merchants no longer even desire to offer the ability to pay by credit card and consumers no longer want to own a credit card due to the fees associated with owning one and lack of ubiquity to spend with it online. 
Suppose fraudulent credit card spending is currently 1% of all transactions. Credit card companies at present charge a 3% processing fee and are still able to make a profit. They reasonably could even cut fees to 2%, decrease their margins and try to remain competitive with Bitcoin. Merchants may be excited by this development. This is not sustainable however. 
The truth is that as Bitcoin is used more often online, there are more and more legitimate ‘Good’ transactions being taken away from the total pool of commerce conducted on credit cards. All business done with Bitcoin that could have otherwise been done with a credit card is legitimate because the consumer is trying to protect his or her privacy and is not using Bitcoin over credit cards to commit fraud. If I am a fraudster however, and I have someone else’s credit card number, I will continue to use it. 
The resulting effect is that the % of fraud transactions for credit card companies will rise from the existing hypothetical 1% to 2% to 3% to 4% as more consumers use Bitcoin. At that point, even if credit card companies wanted to offer a lower rate for online merchants, they would not be able to. 
In fact, credit card companies will have to raise rates. Merchants then will be faced with paying an ever higher % of their revenue to credit card companies. This will lead to merchants dropping off credit card acceptance - further accelerating the adoption of Bitcoin. As a result, there will come a point where there will be more merchants that accept Bitcoin than merchants who accept credit cards. 
Bitcoin is not an additional choice for consumers to use for shopping online. The existence of Bitcoin will end credit cards. 
@_date: 2014-06-12 18:16:35
This is absolutely huge news
@_date: 2014-06-02 00:46:39
The market cap of Bitcoin is 8.5bn USD. 
There are by many accounts only 1-2 million owners of Bitcoin. Technocrats, anarcho-capitalists, nerds, VCs, and a couple big names on Wall Street make up the large majority of those who own Bitcoin. As a currency, 8.5bn seems awfully inflated relative to the community size of 1-2 million people on this planet willing to trade in Bitcoin. 
On this level, it is understandable for those outside the Bitcoin community to look at it all as one gigantic bubble waiting to pop. For many, it’s already popped - falling from a high of 1200 USD to ~400 USD with China's apprehensions, MTGOX exchange going kaput, and a myriad of skepticism stemming from traditional institutions and asset managers. 
Yet Bitcoin rose over 30% in the month of May. After sitting at the doldrums at $400, Bitcoin has risen aggressively up to $680 (As of June 1). 
One major concern highlighted by skeptics is the issue of scarcity. The argument goes that while bitcoins are limited in supply, there exists an infinite amount of alternative digital currencies that can be created. However, recent price action has demonstrated the strength of Bitcoin’s network effect. Despite more than 200 alt-coins appearing all within the past 6 months, their cumulative cut of the digital currency market cap is falling precipitously. Bitcoin makes up well over 90% of the total market cap and that number is rising. 
The market cap of a digital currency is extremely deterministic of the types of transactions it can facilitate. Therein lies the beginnings of the story of Bitcoin’s undervaluation.
Over recent months, many have realized that the invention, the technology underpinning Bitcoin and altcoins is capable of much more than serving as a Store of Value or Currency. It can be used for remittances, smart contracts, stock issuance and ownership, and any form of asset transfer imaginable. That’s the power of the decentralized public ledger. 
With that understanding, the takeaway is profound. 
For digital currencies to facilitate these activities doesn’t only require building out the infrastructure, the ecosystem and the various layers above the protocol - it necessitates that the market cap be several orders of magnitude bigger than it currently is. By extension, if Bitcoin itself needs to be several folds bigger than 8.5 bn, then you can forget about any of the current alt-coins being used for these identified purposes. That’s not because alt-coins are not limited in supply or an equal in technology to Bitcoin, but rather because it lacks the sufficient market cap and accompanying liquidity to facilitate remittances, smart contracts, stock issuance and the like. 
To emphasize this point, let’s look at the various merchants that have begun accepting Bitcoin. Over the past few months, we have seen coffee shops, small individual online vendors, and some corporates such as DISH Network, Overstock.com, Fancy.com, Tiger Direct and others accept payment in Bitcoin. 
The skeptics of Bitcoin including Warren Buffett argue that this development only proves that Bitcoin may be an improved form of payment - saving merchants credit card fees, eliminating chargebacks etc, but does little in the way of giving bitcoins themselves any value. They say that it doesn’t matter to the end consumer or the merchant what the price or market cap of Bitcoin is because the merchant will simply hedge out their bitcoins back into Dollars or whatever fiat currency they use. Bitcoin isn’t being used as a unit of account - just as a payment processor. By extension the conclusion goes that it doesn’t matter what digital currency is facilitating the lubrication of the payment process either - further compromising the notion that bitcoin has value. 
While compelling, this view among the skeptics is short-sighted and doesn’t scale. At the current market cap of bitcoin (8.5bn), if Donald Sterling accepted Bitcoin as payment from Steve Ballmer for the purchase of the LA Clippers for 2bn, Bitcoin simply does not offer the liquidity for Mr. Ballmer to acquire 2bn dollars of it without grossly increasing the price nor does it offer Mr. Sterling the liquidity to hedge out his bitcoins should he wish to without grossly slamming the price to the ground. 
The number of Bitcoins ever to exist are fixed at 21 million with 13 million currently in play and about 8 million still to be mined until 2140. At the current valuation, Mr. Ballmer would have to buy up around 3 million BTC or around 25% of the coins. That would be an imprudent thing to do. It’s important to note however, that the technological benefits and efficiencies of Bitcoin should translate as well for the purchase of the LA Clippers as they do for the purchase of a cup of coffee. The market cap just isn’t significant enough at the moment to accommodate for larger use cases. The same restraints are preventing a billion dollar company from raising funds through an equity offering on the Bitcoin blockchain or a million people from doing remittances on the same day. 
But it’s not the 21 million fixed supply of bitcoins that’s restricting the possibilities. Bitcoin is infinitely divisible. It’s the present day market cap that’s too low. The value of each bitcoin would have to rise sharply so that a 2bn dollar purchase equates to perhaps 30,000 BTC, not 3,000,000 BTC. That’s what is needed to facilitate remittances, stock issuances, smart contracts, large wire transfers and the like. 
For Bitcoin, as with any asset that has the potential to escalate in price with a significant degree of risk, human nature and animal spirits tends to ensure a volatile path. 
This volatility is simply a means to an end. 
We should not desire for Bitcoin’s value to stay constant and stable. If Bitcoin mirrored the present fluctuations of the USD, the EUR or JPY, it would mean that Bitcoin will forever stay inconsequential - stuck at 1/10,000th the size of fiat and unable to deliver on the vast potential that it promises. 
If the technology scales, then so too must the market cap. 
That’s the case for why Bitcoin is grossly undervalued.
TLDR: Wishing for stable price and low volatility is to wish for Bitcoin to be irrelevant. 
@_date: 2014-01-13 07:32:52
@_date: 2014-06-14 17:02:52
right call. dead on.
@_date: 2014-06-02 06:54:11
That would be cool. I'm not sure how to add a QR code in my current blog format. Appreciate it!
@_date: 2014-06-02 03:30:07
Yes, you are on point here. Necessity does not equal reality. 
@_date: 2014-01-06 07:29:19
It's not my premise. It was written in October 2011 by someone. LOL At $3 a coin. Feel bad for that person.
@_date: 2014-01-05 20:36:37
Why wouldn't you trade a stock then for a 40% gain? Point is there is no point in being in a binary outcome product (Bitcoin) if you aren't going to hold for the power law gains. 
@_date: 2014-05-30 23:49:33
Why would I buy it even if there was a place to spend it? I don't see significant discounts passed on yet. 
The big Wall Street banks should have its trading desks buy up a billion dollars worth of bitcoin then offer a Bitcoin wallet to every one of their depositors via online banking instantly. That's what would make the most sense to me. Cause you already have people's money - it's a matter of having them switch that to Bitcoins. Make money from insurance, and profits from your own trading desk. 
Merchants don't have people's money. So it would require a user to get money out of their bank accounts and then buying bitcoins and then going to the merchant to spend.
(Full Disclosure, I sold Asian equity derivatives and structured products to hedge funds and institutional investors for 3 years at a Bulge Bracket in Hong Kong.)
@_date: 2014-06-02 17:44:49
Sorry, you can't force others to use it as a transfer mechanism. They're happy to hoard. Just like the Gold investor hoards despite the jeweler just wanting to make some nice art. 
@_date: 2014-09-15 07:38:15
Good observations. I agree with you. Pantera, Fortress, BIT are good bridges. OTC markets will also develop with Second and Vaurum. Atlas as well for Options. 
Will be exciting to see rest of 2014 and then 2015. 
@_date: 2014-06-08 08:01:00
OK that's like saying Uber isn't worth 17bn either... there are only a few hundred taxi cabs available at any given moment ...
You're calculating liquidity my friend.
@_date: 2014-06-02 07:39:14
Thanks to pellmellism, I have it set up now 
@_date: 2014-06-20 07:44:37
It’s been incredible the pace at which Merchants are signing up to Accept Bitcoin. Companies such as Coinbase have been doing a remarkable job onboarding as well as taking big steps forward with letting Merchants offer discounts of up to 25%. 
I want to look however, at the impact on consumer adoption of Bitcoin with a thought experiment and expand from there.
If US companies accepted Euros, would mainstream consumers start buying Euros to spend at these stores? Not really. 
Yes, to make a remark on consumer adoption by substituting Bitcoin with Euros may not be correct as there are benefits such as privacy and access etc with Bitcoin. 
Overall though, Bitcoin consumer adoption only increases greatly in situations where it is a substantially preferred or exclusive form of payment. This is why Silk Road and various Gambling sites have been more active than Merchants thus far. 
Merchants offering discounts for paying with bitcoin is where Bitcoin starts to look more attractive than the ‘Euro’. In theory, the maximum ‘risk-free’ discount that a Merchant can offer is around 2%. While it’s not bad, it isn’t as if you can’t find Promo Codes or Coupons that offer comparable if not greater savings. For existing bitcoin holders, Merchants may be a valued source of liquidity. For potential newcomers, even a 2% discount seems unlikely to move the needle considering the time and cost involved to understand Bitcoin, acquire it, and to give up the habit of using credit cards. 
Mentally, for many mainstream consumers, the act of linking up a bank account or credit card in order to spend real money to buy bitcoin feels speculative, foreign and risky no matter how pretty the app interface. To try and capture that 2% discount, the consumer needs to bear a not insignificant carry risk between the price at which the Bitcoin is acquired vs. the price at which it is received and spent on at the Merchant. It’s also unlikely that a consumer will do fiat-bitcoin exchange before each purchase. This demonstrates that a prerequisite to consumers using Bitcoin as a payment option at Merchants is being convinced by Bitcoin as a Store of Value. 
As a result, most purchases at Merchants I suspect are by those old-hands who have a healthy amount of bitcoin and are not by recently converted mainstream adopters. 
All of this may explain why we’ve had a displacement in the numbers for retail adoption (60,000+) and consumer adoption. 
There is a solution I propose however, that may make it easier to reach mainstream consumers who have heard of Bitcoin and are interested but just can’t get over the mental barrier of handing over ‘real money’ for bitcoins. 
Credit cards that offered bitcoins back instead of cash back.
If Coinbase or credit card providers were to offer such a solution, it would allow consumers to keep all of the ‘benefits’ of purchasing with a credit card and offers the consumer a chance to accumulate bitcoins without ‘paying’ for bitcoins themselves. Eventually, this card can transition to have a greater dual role as a Bitcoin debit card. 
Along the same lines, later on I could see Wall Street offering 100% Principal protected structured product notes that offered upside exposure to the Winkleross Bitcoin ETF or savings accounts where the interest is paid in Bitcoin. 
What are your thoughts and comments?
TLDR: In addition to a Pull method of adoption via Merchant acceptance and discounts, there may be high potential in possibilities of a Push method of adoption via Credit cards that offered Bitcoin back, and various financial instruments that gave mainstream consumers exposure to Bitcoin without an ‘upfront allay of capital’. 
@_date: 2014-06-08 06:09:43
So you're saying each 'active' coin is worth more than the 'spot price' then right? 
If you're saying if everyone sells Bitcoin, the price would collapse then that's the same for Uber... if people stopped riding its market cap would collapse too.
I'm not sure what's idiotic - what are you talking about? 
@_date: 2014-02-26 07:18:19
Bump 
@_date: 2014-06-05 18:53:30
It's going to be sad for Peter Schiff when he's proven right again about this upcoming economic crisis. Right about the central bank. Right about mass money printing. Right about losing purchasing power. 
But wrong about what would gain purchasing power and take it's place.
Fiat is bad and broken and will fail. He was and is still right on that. But there's 2 ways from here. Forward -&gt; Bitcoin. Backward - &gt; Gold. 
He thinks Gold is good in both directions but he's wrong there. 
@_date: 2014-06-05 19:57:43
According to Forbes, Blockchain.info’s business practices are the following: 
"Held is now Blockchain’s director of product. His salary is paid in Bitcoin, as are the salaries of Blockchain’s other 15 employees. The company only deals in Bitcoin and doesn’t have a bank account. It is nominally based in the UK, but it rents no office space. They pay for server space with Bitcoin. When its employees travel, they try to do so using Bitcoin, booking airplane tickets with Cheapair, for example.”
Full article here: 
1. If Blockchain.info does not have a bank account, does that mean Blockchain.info owns no fiat money. 
2. Does Blockchain.info have some exclusive Bitcoin denominated deals in place with it’s employees, Cheapair.com, whoever is providing their servers, etc?
If Blockchain.info stores all of its wealth in Bitcoin, and not fiat as a result of the decision to not hav a bank account, then they are taking on a major risk between it’s assets and it’s liabilities if the liabilities simply accept Bitcoin as payment, but are pricing in Fiat. 
If paying employees in Bitcoin simply means using Bitcoin the currency,  and not that employee costs are fixed in bitcoin, then what will Blockchain.info do if the value of Bitcoin drops? Paying employees WITH Bitcoin does not mean it is financially prudent to OWN Bitcoin for the purposes of paying employees, when the contractual obligation is to pay a certain amount of FIAT. 
If Cheapair.com, server costs and every other aspect of its business is still priced in fiat and Bitcoin is simply a payment mechanism, again what magic is Blockchain.info to not carry a humongous currency risk? 
What I am questioning here is whether a 'fake' fiat-less business is something the Bitcoin community should be celebrating given that it’s likely that the costs of the business is not being priced in Bitcoin. What does that mean for the sustainability of Blockchain.info and how does it pass the stress test. 
I and others in the community would appreciate a response here. 
P.S. My concern applies to any other company managing its risks this way. Especially those that have more centralisation risks than Blockchain.info
@_date: 2014-06-08 06:11:47
It has everything to do with it. The companies may have nothing to do with it. (Coinbase can switch to some alt-coin indeed and still have value). 
But the Bitcoin network has everything to do with the value of bitcoins. How do I send 10,000,000 dollars internationally if the value of all bitcoins is 10 dollars?
@_date: 2014-03-02 00:13:06
@_date: 2014-06-08 06:41:01
Hey not at all! It's called Uber. It's the taxi company
@_date: 2014-06-06 13:13:56
Hey Matt. I love the work you do on Bloomberg.
Basically, on the margin, USD adoption is declining. Bitcoin adoption is increasing. 
Many users of the USD may be scared off by Mt. Gox, various uncertainties, and have many doubts. But they don't own Bitcoin and as such have no influence on the price. Actual owners of Bitcoin are not concerned with these mainstream issues (not enough to quit Bitcoin to go back to the USD at least). 
The price is a reflection of the increase in the % of people on this planet who have concluded that Bitcoin is a superior technology to act as a store of value and a transaction mechanism and have acted to purchase and own it. This is a self-reinforcing cycle. More people cross into Bitcoin, the more liquid and usable Bitcoin becomes which then attracts more people. It's not a ponzi-scheme. The network becomes more useful for all. 
So far, $9bn dollars worth out of the trillions people own globally have switched over. 
Earlier this week, I wrote why the market-cap and price of Bitcoin is important, which hit  on reddit@_date: 2014-03-02 00:14:03
Like the campaign, then tweet it. It'll auto tweet out to bill maher. 
@_date: 2014-06-18 07:11:30
If Bitcoin successfully transitions from a Store of Value to a Payment Mechanism to a Unit of Account, then the following are questions that Merchants will be facing in the coming months, years, and decades ahead. 
1. Should I accept bitcoin? 
2. Should I encourage bitcoin sales by offering discounts and if yes, what percentage?
3. Should I keep bitcoin sales in bitcoin and if yes, what percentage?
4. Should I convert local currency sales to bitcoin and if yes, what percentage?
5. Should I accept local currency?
@_date: 2014-06-02 07:22:44
Thanks everyone for the tips and encouragement and criticisms equally. I didn't expect so many reads of my post! Not to get ahead of myself, but I was wondering if it was possible to Guest contribute or something for Coindesk or another publication? If anyone can be of help for how to enter the space, I'd really appreciate it. 
@_date: 2014-06-12 18:20:12
Merchants likely can offer 1-2% off while still being better off than accepting Fiat
@_date: 2014-06-02 03:01:40
Thanks. Noted! It should say "stay constant and stable right now". 
@_date: 2014-02-25 07:40:22
When world hears of rise to 1200, it's a sell. When world hears of low, it's a buy. This is the last possible bad story about Mt. Gox. It's a buy and everyone's negative responses in this thread is further proof. 
@_date: 2014-04-15 01:46:10
Guys. Stop using Change.org it doesn't work. That 2,000 signature number is auto generated. The moment you reach it, it'll say x more needed. It goes from 100, to 500 to 1000 to 5000 to 10000 to 100000.
It also spams Amazon with any and all petitions for the company on every single signature so it wouldn't even stand out. They get the same email for a 5000th signature for them to accept Bitcoin as another petition's 2nd signature. So it's likely auto deleted.
I would know. I'm working on an alternative to 'useless' petition sites.  Would love your support.
@_date: 2014-06-12 18:32:28
It's increasing their profits not decreasing. If a 1% discount makes some more of their customers use bitcoin to pay, that's a win. 
@_date: 2014-06-13 14:53:49
Converting to fiat would be smarter than any of those alt's if you truly are concerned. 
Market cap of the alts are irrelevant at this stage and thus doomed to fail.
@_date: 2014-06-18 07:23:20
@_date: 2014-01-13 12:24:39
Thank you! My first tip!
@_date: 2014-11-07 04:34:45
Has not surpassed the superior currency - aka Bitcoin. Litecoin surpassing namecoin is irrelevant. 
@_date: 2014-01-13 13:06:12
Very dangerous what this person is saying about capitulating on anonymity. 
@_date: 2014-05-31 00:00:11
You mean their vision is to hoard these coins and wait for 100 million people to own bitcoins so what they have hoarded will appreciate? Because if they aren't hoarding... what does it matter to them what the price is then? 
Why not adopt later?
@_date: 2014-09-22 05:28:42
Palmer Lucky has publically stated that his biggest regret in life is not buying more BTC earlier. 
Marc Andreessen also sits on the board of Oculus, Facebook, and Coinbase. 
If there is something for them to do with Bitcoin, you can bet your bottom dollar it will be done. 
Say someone starts a company called Coineye or Coinprint. With dual authentication, you can pay and receive BTC without ever needing to enter the public key addresses etc. 
We'll get there. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 08:26:22
Got it. Thanks a lot! Will write again soon! Lots of discussions here I'd like to capture in future pieces. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 04:53:51
Perhaps the average person will not have the ability or know how to facilitate these activities. But there will be financial institutions and institutional service to help conduct these activities. It's just the fees will be much more competitive because of a lack of barrier to entry and an improved technology.  Just because we will still need guidance with these activities does not mean bitcoin cannot facilitate these activities. 
@_date: 2014-05-30 23:46:48
Sure. But isn't it smarter to also be selling bitcoins? Like there are more people that doesn't yet have bitcoin than has bitcoin already. I mean that's what gives bitcoin the potential right?
Would it be a good use of Coinbase' time to be getting merchants to adopt putting in Coinbase ATMs everywhere or make Coinbase cards with bitcoins in them etc? 
It seems to me like accepting bitcoins is not the most urgent thing at the moment. 
Making a deal with Bank of America or some deposit bank for them to auto create a Coinbase wallet inside every depositer's online bank would get the 1m users to 5m, 10m much faster?
@_date: 2014-06-03 04:12:03
No. My point is if Bitcoin is worth $650 right this moment, you'll be able to get that price anywhere in the world from any person.
If your little piece of gold is worth $650 right now, you're not going to get close to that.
Is it going to be stable at $650? No. 
@_date: 2014-01-05 19:49:05
I guess you would just buy your diversification and had bought less Bitcoins in the first instance. But good point!
@_date: 2014-01-05 19:21:15
Link says:
I want to address some concerns people have about Bitcoin that have led to panic selling or hesitation to enter the market. If you are in Bitcoin for a very short-term trade to capitalize on its volatility, I suggest to you there are many other fiat based small-cap stocks that offer equal or higher volatility, and cheaper trading costs (bid/ask, transaction fees etc). However, if you are in Bitcoin as a long term investor to either see capital appreciation or fundamentally because you want to see Bitcoin succeed, then below are my thoughts on when you would should jump off your thesis and when you should not. 
Valid Reasons to Sell Bitcoins (AKA price may decline and never recover)
1. The ‘Bitcoin Central Bank’ is compromised. As in somehow, someway, additional bitcoins are able to be created, or existing bitcoins are destroyed. 
2. An alternative coin with superior technology that is for some reason not implementable into the Bitcoin open source framework comes into existence and adoption. The potential for a superior alternative coin is a future possibility and I am not speaking of any of the current suite of Bitcoin clones (Litecoin etc). In fact, anyone can today create their own coin at 
Invalid Reasons to Sell Bitcoins (AKA price may decline but likely will recover)
1. Governments banning, seeking to confiscate, taxing, or otherwise trying to adversely impact Bitcoin use is not a reason to be bearish on Bitcoin over a longer term. There will always be ‘safe haven’s for Bitcoin using basic Game Theory. Any government decisions can, and may be forced by the markets to be reversed in the future.
2. Bitcoins being stolen, wallets being hacked, exchanges being shut down, and losing bitcoins are problems that exist with any early product and any currency. There are measures you can take to ensure it is not your bitcoins that are being stolen. Cold storage, diversifying holdings with many wallets from different providers etc. In whole, this is a matter that can be solved over time as the ecosystem grows. Better options for storage, consumer facing products, and deeper, more liquid exchanges are all on the horizon. Institutions will crop up for bitcoins much as bank vaults, Institutions, and Insurance companies did for Fiat currencies. 
3. It not being easy to acquire and spend the bitcoins is not a reason. Yes, it is a cumbersome process to get an account at an exchange or with a broker. You have to file lots of papers, documents, etc in order to get set up to buy bitcoins, you may be rejected and banks may even close your accounts etc. Meeting people at Starbucks through LocalBitcoins.com can also seem a bit sketch or archaic. On top of that, actually using one of the online wallet apps to spend the Bitcoins can seem more difficult than swiping a credit card or using cash. These are all temporary issues. Again, Bitcoin is a protocol for programmable money. The ecosystem around Bitcoin whether it be wallets, exchanges, brokers, banks, Point of Sale systems, merchant adoption are all growing and better options for everyone will emerge in due time. 
In conclusion, It is precisely the fact that there are only two reasons to sell Bitcoins combined with the wider confidence that those two reasons are unlikely to materialize that is giving all the players in the ecosystem faith to invest labor and capital into it to make it better. 
I am very optimistic and excited to see all the various possibilities emerge - micropayments, derivative markets, escrows, wills, colored coins for stocks and bonds and such. For three years, I worked at a major investment bank selling equity derivatives to global pensions, institutions, and hedge funds. The possibility of the financial system becoming better, faster, cheaper, safer, and a smaller part of the economy is healthy for all. 
TL;DR: 
Valid Reasons to Sell Bitcoins
1. Blockchain compromised
2. Superior, unimplementable to Bitcoin alternative currency takes the lead
Anything else is a temporary issue. No cause for panic selling. Therefore, you should buy bitcoins. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 17:17:59
The analogy is certainly not the banning of all cars for any reason. You want to keep using Zimbabwe dollars, that's your choice. You want to keep driving cars yourself that's your choice also. But it is my choice as a merchant to not want to accept that currency or put a premium for accepting it just as insurance companies will charge you more in premiums for driving your own car. 
There's plenty of decision making by the users of Bitcoin. Decisions are being made everyday to fork or not fork. Bitcoin is alive. A lump of metal is not. But the potential for Bitcoin to be live and evolve rests in the hands of a majority not the 'whims of a few people'. I say whims not to mean they are careless but that they have the power to do as they wish. And yes, every single piece of legislation passed by the government is also passed by 'a few people in a room'. At least the government is voted on every 4 years which isn't amazing, but the Federal Reserve is an unelected branch of the government where those peoople who get to make the decisions on a whim are chosen by the 1 person on a whim (the President). 
I am very clear with what the Fed does. Hard currencies have had their problems with regards to funding government spending. Hard currencies necessarily removes the ability to tax people via inflation. That curtails War spending and government spending generally. As such, it curtails the ability to fund government debt. Therefore debt-based economies will come into conflict with a hard currency. 
Most importantly, hard currencies before they were digital suffered from inability to scale. If you owned a lot of gold, you would need a heavier briefcase than if you owned less. With fiat and digital money 1 piece of paper or one string of number could represent 100 or 1 dollar. 
So Bitcoin is the merger of at least the best of fiat and traditional hard money. At minimum, it offers the transportability and scalability of fiat, and the limited supply of hard money. 
@_date: 2014-06-08 08:02:31
You mean Price to Sales is 80? Not earnings right? Cause that $213M number is top-line revenue. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 04:44:55
Good point. Yes, many participants are in the "own it and they will come" mentality. I should write my next piece on why it will be successful. 
Briefly, over the long term, I believe Bitcoin succeeds because your alternative to taking Bitcoin seriously as a transaction method is to take seriously fiat money that is controlled by a few people in a room on a whim. Without at all going into the intent of the central bankers or anything to do with politics or any form of corruption, it seems to me that Bitcoin is superior to possible human error by central bankers. 
People learned to trust a digital clock. Just as over time, I believe people will trust a self-driving car for safety over a human driver. Automatic planes over human pilots. 
Regardless of intent of central bankers and politicians, I think a mathematical currency will be more reliable. If that is Bitcoin, the market cap must skyrocket. But that may not be for decades no doubt and may not be Bitcoin itself. 
As far as the example being wrong, I am trying to relate to the person who still believes in Fiat - Bitcoin Bitcoin - Fiat and suggesting the market cap would need to be higher. Of course, if the market cap was higher, I would imagine that Donald Sterling and Steve Ballmer would both hold their wealth in Bitcoin such that the fiat to Bitcoin aspect is no longer required. 
@_date: 2014-03-03 18:54:33
@_date: 2014-06-03 03:00:02
Over the past year, several questions have been the point of emphasis. What is Bitcoin? How does Bitcoin work? Why does Bitcoin have potential? 
To a varying degree, a great number of people now know the answers to these questions. 
But while the price action has been a resounding success since inception, one question that hasn’t been well addressed is ‘Why should you buy bitcoin right now?’. More than anything, a solid answer to this is what is needed to increase user adoption. 
The answer isn’t because DISH Network accepts Bitcoin. It’s not because Circle has a cool app coming out. It’s not because you hate the government. It’s not because you want to buy illicit drugs. It’s not because you got to get in now before the price goes up 100x. It’s not because you can tip people with it. It’s not because you can wire some big amount of funds to someone else without paying crazy fees. It’s not because there are Robocoin ATMs being installed. 
That’s missing the forest for the trees. 
You should buy Bitcoin because it is the closest thing to a fairly accepted asset in the history of the world.  All the other reasons above are simply means to bring Bitcoin even closer to this singular acceptance. 
Truth is, there are already several million Bitcoin ATMs in the world. They are each and every one of us who owns bitcoin. And each and every person who owns bitcoin has access to all the other Bitcoin ATMs. These ATMs are strange. Some dispense a smile, some do USD, some do EUR, and others do Cable TV, Socks and T-shirts, Drugs, and anything else you can think of. 
You could be Kenyan. You could be American. You could be Australian. You could be Japanese. And suppose you had on you a bitcoin or a tenth of one. 
I promise you - that bitcoin will net you what that bitcoin is worth anywhere on earth. I can’t promise whether that bitcoin will buy a car or a piece of bread. No one can predict the when and where on the future value of bitcoin.
But if you replace that bitcoin with a half ounce of gold - when you finally find a goldsmith wherever you are, you’d probably get less than what that half ounce is really worth. Oh and that ‘ATM’ who can verify that it’s real gold, probably doesn’t dispense anything but the fiat money of the country you’re in - and that’s probably not what you were looking for. 
Replace that bitcoin with a $10 bill of the most accepted fiat currency the US Dollar and if you’re not in the USA, you’ll be hard pressed to find an ‘ATM’ who will give you more than 90% of the value on that. Replace that $10 bill with a debit card with a $10 balance and have fun finding an ATM that’ll dispense more than $7 for it. 
Acceptance is not a yes or no thing. A lot of things are accepted but at a cost. US Dollars are accepted by more people on this planet than Bitcoin. Magnitudes more. However, depending on who you are or where you are or how much of it you own, that US Dollar is accepted differently. 
True acceptance is to give fair value for an asset regardless of individual, location, or amount. That’s Bitcoin. It may be a bit harder for now to find that someone to accept Bitcoin vs. US Dollars but you can be certain when you find them, they will give you closer to the full value of that asset than they will or can in any other. 
That’s why you should buy Bitcoin. 
Thanks for reading. As for whether a bitcoin will buy a car or a piece of bread, please follow my blog to read the next piece on the Central Banking of Bitcoin or find me 
@_date: 2014-06-02 07:54:33
@_date: 2014-06-06 15:53:06
Sorry I do not meant spent. You're correct. I mean to say current market cap is 9 bn out of a total market cap of various currencies to be trillions. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 01:52:06
Wow. Thanks Supernatendo!
@_date: 2014-01-05 20:46:18
that makes perfect sense. You have a bit of extra cash that you aren't willing to use and have tied up. So you play that for a few dozen extra BTC and trade that portion. 
My post was for people who don't want to be involved at all, or panic and liquidate entirely never to return....
@_date: 2014-09-15 06:15:57
You are absolutely bang on with those 2 points. 
Non-correlated and upside convexity. The fix supply part only continues to matter if people believe in it - and for that belief to keep going the underlying use cases have to keep growing. 
You're right - they will come but we do need more legitimate use cases I think. 
The two hedgies that are in the trade already are a great start. I was more so alluding to why there hadn't been more this year. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 05:39:37
Wow. Thanks so much! I really appreciate the encouragement. Never one to write. 
@_date: 2014-04-11 21:18:55
The trend of ever more wealth going to some dude in a garage or some dude in a dorm room or some dude in a  government position is reversing.
Before, it was startups disrupt companies and no one disrupts government or banks.  
Now, Blockchain technology will disrupt power obtained through creating barriers to entry. Not just government or banks. It will wield itself into disrupting major centralized companies, and startups too. 
The world is going to become more fair every day from now on. That does not mean however, that social mobility will become easier. Making it to the NBA is pretty fair. Making it as a music artist is pretty fair. Your ability to move up in the scouting ladder is not becoming easier nor is going viral on YouTube. Fairness does not equal better chances. Fairness means appropriate chance.
So what do you do in a world of declining social mobility, and declining inequality of wealth where everything runs on decentralized systems where the end nodes benefit and not the central node?
Make as much money as you can now in the unfair system of fiat, and convert as early and as much as you can into the limited supply value system (bitcoins) that will uphold fairness thereafter for our lifetime.
Bitcoin the invention is going to disrupt every myth we have held. Welcome.
@_date: 2015-01-03 09:01:25
Ryan Selkis AKA Two Bit Idiot already volunteered himself I believe. I know nothing about this GAW / Paybase story but he'd be the right guy to do this. 
@_date: 2014-05-30 23:56:33
who said the 20,000 students are new? You don't think there was already 20,000 out of the 1 million who were students that maybe had a Blockchain acccount or Electrum or Mycellium or Paper Wallet or Local Bitcoin? For all we know, these were just 20,000 people who already owned Bitcoins picking up $10 for free. It's still great for Coinbase cause they might like Coinbase better but for the # of Bitcoin owners globally count..... let's not pretend there were 20,000 new owners of Bitcoin. 
It's probably less than 3,000
@_date: 2015-01-26 18:43:39
OKCoin has the best liquidity in the market, and in addition, allows you to set Algo orders that fills your 150BTC based on for example the time-weighted average price (TWAP) of the market. Alternatively you can place your order Over The Counter (OTC) but 150 BTC is typically too small for such a need. 
@_date: 2015-01-26 20:07:06
China has significant influence over BTC prices. It is currently a bi national currency with a majority of trading happening in USD and CNY. 
Chinese exchanges due to competitive nature of the BTC/ CNY cross simply moved revenue sources from trading fees over to withdrawal fees, which at 0.4% is substantially higher than USD based exchanges who charge 0.1%. In addition, Chinese exchanges make money off of margin trading by taking a percentage of the interest. Lastly, Chinese exchanges who offer  USD spot and futures charge trading fees on these products.  
Bitcoin is a global currency which was not historically anchored to the USD like Gold, Oil, etc. I would expect Bitcoin to continue to trade heavily on USD and CNY. 
With a competitive environment, the consumer wins. When wallets got competitive, Circle entered with 0 fees. When merchant processing became competitive, BitPay slashed fees to 0. With a number of well-funded US exchanges starting, I would expect to see USD exchanges veer towards 0 fees also. Coinbase is already starting with 0, and BitStamp recently offered 0 for a short period of time. 0 fees for wallets, merchant processors, exchanges USD or CNY is not a precursor for manipulation, front running, and various accusations. 
If anyone's interested in testing out the liquidity, welcome to try OKCoin.com which trades BTC/USD spot and futures. 
Jack @ OKCoin 
@_date: 2015-01-06 04:33:06
There are a lot of review sites out there that talk about various exchanges. 
Some options for you:
Bitfinex 
Circle and Coinbase take customers outside of the US as well. 
Full disclosure: I work at OKCoin a Bitcoin exchange trading in CNY and USD. 
@_date: 2015-01-17 07:13:11
Star Xu will make his first remarks in the US at BTC Miami. 
@_date: 2014-06-08 08:14:26
Some rides end in disputes. Hence Uber needs an easy way to refund people their money. That's not there yet. Also, Uber doesn't have a need for the anonymity feature of Bitcoin. They want to review drivers and riders for more transparency
@_date: 2014-05-31 00:11:00
1 million wallets. I'm referring to this source for estimate of 1m owners. 
@_date: 2015-02-21 16:21:19
[OKCoin]( offers SEPA and is the largest exchange in the world 
@_date: 2013-11-27 23:49:07
This is just a trading call. I don't understand why the community is so defensive? You can get back in Saturday if you want....
As a libertarian, I fully endorse Cryptography and the mega game changing journey that Bitcoin looks like it's set to embark on.
@_date: 2013-11-27 21:44:11
Never used Reddit actually. Just here to write this to help the community.
@_date: 2013-12-01 12:25:10
@_date: 2013-11-29 04:29:04
What's funny and ironic is that the more successful Bitcoin Friday is the lower the price will be. Free transactions on MT Gox and Coinbase = lots of volume and sell of bitcoins. Spending at merchants who will swap out to USD = lots of net sells of bitcoins. 
On the other hand if spending is 0, it means bitcoin is not a part of the real economy. 
Either way it's a sell. Trading view is sell now ahead of it. 
@_date: 2013-12-01 18:45:22
@_date: 2013-11-27 21:45:56
I sold my one coin a few minute ago for full disclosure. I don't pretend to be a huge stakeholder in bitcoin or one of those who wishes he had more. Just making a rational deduction. You may think it's irrational... it may end up being irrational.
@_date: 2013-11-28 18:39:49
Litecoin already bursting. Bitcoin is next. Mt. Gox offering free trading for 4 days = more speculation and will end in tears. 