@_author: jacobmayes94
@_date: 2017-11-01 11:48:49
I avoided TREZOR because i said months ago that LEDGER was more secure due to the class of secure enclave. A generic microcontroller is asking for trouble, sounds like it loaded the seed to the SRAM without any PIN entry rather than keeping it within the microcontroller. Crypto nuts i spoke to thought i was bluffing and exaggerating :) It was proven now, a year on :)
I however did forget my LEDGER PIN after a year and after three tries, wiped. I did however have my seed in 3 places, 1 in an encrypted file container stored on my phone, 2. two halves stored in two different safes, and 3. A third undisclosed location i won't write.
I would say a TREZOR is still way more secure than a desktop wallet. Just save the damn seed for the love of god, i would have lost £5k otherwise on the LEDGER, mostly in ETH which i had mined in it's early days.
At least the exploit helped somebody, and you would be a fool for not at least giving it a shot, he had nothing to loose, and gained after payment, $27k, a life changing sum. I am very happy for you! (Tip: doing this exploit on your own TREZOR? Use a good quality USB cable, some of those cheapo nasty ones disconnect/reconnect every few seconds or when moved a few mm! That would have been heartbreaking. To those who kept their locked trezors in a drawer before this was discovered, now is the time to take a stab at recovery. What is there to lose? I would have given i a go as well for £20k or therabouts. Heck i was so paranoid storing keys for even £5k of coins. Most have now been spent on me and my partner getting settled in the home we are now in, but still we never would have got this particular house that is our dream home without having that £5k to help us go towards the move. Priceless for safe key storage.
If it stores its keys in SRAM (before PIN entry) in plaintext even with the new firmware, i am wondering if it is vulnerable to the same method used used to find encryption keys on CPUs doing encrypt/decrypt operations using a simple audio recorder.
Most people want someone to call when something goes wrong (bank, council, government, etc), bitcoin takes the responsibility (and consequences) into your own hand. Most of the population are simply not ready to deal with such responsibility in any form of life. They do not take responsibility for their own free-will. I have never forgotten a long password and forgetting that PIN was surprising given that i entered it every day for a year, so you need safeguards, but redundancy in this case is up to the user as even my memory of remembering long, random passwords failed me at this 4 digit PIN. I was in shellshock when it said invalid on try 1, and tried variations of what i was 99.9% sure it was twice before it was frazzled.
I am so so glad he got his coins back though, worth the effort and mistakes undoubtedly happen. I would never store all my coins in a single wallet.
Would i still trust TREZOR? It is good enough for most people. The trezor was NOT able to send the seed to the PC without internal manipulation physically. But let me tell you if your storing lots of funds, I say go LEDGER. The secure enclave is a must in my opinion. No system is infallible, though. If you use a TREZOR, set a passphrase, but don't forget it for the love of god.
I bought £5 of UNO (i paid £1 a coin from a private seller), and recently found UNO was £200 a coin. I had stored the UNO keys for years since UNO was new, likewise on a paper wallet and in the encrypted container, and retrieved the paper wallet to cash em out. The pieces of paper at the time were worthless, but became worth more. again, careful storage is key.