@_author: jacob754
@_date: 2016-06-03 11:39:59
(1) AML/KYC verification generally applies to account opening and deposits, not withdrawals.
(2) When you request a withdrawal, the financial institution already has (or should have) your ID. Financial institutions only ask for ID once, when the account is opened. After that, clients normally identify themselves using access codes such as username and password and other means other than ID. An exception is when the client appears before the financial institution in person -- and here, that is quite clearly not the case.
(3) There is no obligation for a financial institution to ask the client to prove the source of funds unless they suspect money laundering. Usually, if it is unclear if a transaction is consistent with the client's profile, a verbal explanation of the source of funds is sufficient.
(4) Here, BitGold already has the source of funds documentation for the withdrawal -- it's their own records of the account. The only way to they can legitimately raise an AML/KYC issue here is if they identify and group the deposit and withdrawal as a suspicious pattern. The pattern cannot be suspicious if the client deposits from and withdraws to the same bank account in their name.
(5) Since the client made a Bitcoin deposit, any AML/KYC checks should have been done when the deposit was made, not when a withdrawal is requested, because the withdrawal would not be able to make the pattern any more suspicious than it may already be at time of deposit (assuming some time passes between deposit and withdrawal and the withdrawal is to client's own account). It is dishonest to accept a Bitcoin deposit, work with the funds, but request source of funds proof for the withdrawal. In particular, this can be viewed as delaying the AML/KYC verification of the deposit. If the deposit is legitimately suspicious, the delay would be probably illegal, as there would be failure to carry out the duty imposed by law at time of deposit. And consider this: what if a client makes a deposit, has proof of the source of funds, but requests withdrawal a decade later and no longer has the proof? Let's say you make deposits all your life, and when you retire, you decide to withdraw everything. Would it be reasonable that you provide the source of funds for all of your deposits years and decades later?
@_date: 2016-06-03 20:22:49
BitGold does routinely suspend accounts of their clients. An account can be suspended for no reason that is apparent to the client, and it may be questionable if there is any valid reason by any standard. I would not trust BitGold's statement mentioning a "seriousness of this situation" to be an indication of the OP being involved in illegal activities. The situation is, no doubt, serious, but the reason for that may be entirely BitGold's fault.
@_date: 2016-06-03 19:17:50
I am not the OP. However, while usually my experiences with financial institutions are smooth and pleasant, I can categorize my experience with BitGold as abysmal, hilarious, and ridiculous. It parallels the numerous complaints posted by BitGold users online, and I do feel some solidarity with the OP.
I have looked at OP's profile, and it says "redditor for 12 days".
I read all his posts/comments, and there is nothing about "trouble he is having shifting large amounts of money, $200k - $500k through the banking system, locally and internationally over a period of many months". There is nothing about "failing to get past KYC regulations in multiple financial institutions".
(1) Hypothetical or third-person examples are not equivalent to real-life first-person examples. (2) KYC regulations are not the same thing as AML regulations. (3) In general, you are using biased language and presenting your subjective narrative or unfounded allegations as facts.
What I do see is a person with significant Bitcoin assets that wishes to diversify their assets. It is easily possible to be in that position if the person started using Bitcoin early on.
BitGold does routinely suspend accounts of their clients, and I would not trust BitGold's statement mentioning a "seriousness of this situation" to be an indication of the OP being involved in illegal activities. The situation is, no doubt, serious, but the reason for that may be entirely BitGold's fault.
Even though OP is talking about ID, there is no quote or screenshot of BitGold asking for a secondary ID. I quote the OP: "I have found links with people talking about an official response where they provide their explanation for their actions by claiming I refused to provide ID. This claim from them has since been removed, I guess because it is easily provable that it is an absolute lie."
As it can been in the screenshot at  , BitGold has requested documentation that demostrates the source of funds such as an income statement, tax receipt, inheritance proof form, or bank statement.
There may be no source of funds documentation for Bitcoin deposits, e.g. if the funds were obtained using ad hoc Bitcoin farming. This may present difficulties for AML analysis. However, AML regulations don't obligate a financial institution to obtain a proof of the source of funds at all, let alone beyond a reasonable doubt.
As I have discussed in detail earlier, BitGold should have done any and all KYC/AML checks during account opening and at time of the Bitcoin deposit. In this case, if BitGold wished to verify the source of funds, it is dishonest and, arguably, possibly unlawful to delay source of funds verification until withdrawal.
@_date: 2016-06-03 13:59:32
Earlier in this thread, you say "They said in a response deleted by the mods that the user would not provide ID", "Id in and ID out", and "hand people wedges of money without ID".
(1) As I mentioned earlier, generally, financial institutions only request ID when an account is opened -- then they keep it on file.
(2) "Hand people wedges of money" is not an appropriate description of returning a client's deposit to the client.
(3) There is no indication from BitGold -- or anyone other than you -- about a "fake ID". When you quoted a response from BitGold that was, as you say, deleted by the mods, you said that the user would not provide ID.
(4) There is no mention of a "fake ID" until you were cornered about the ID question by blorg's "Like most banks do, you need the ID when opening the account." It looks like you may have made up the fake ID excuse on the spot.
@_date: 2016-06-03 13:24:57
That is, allegedly a fake ID. BitGold has accepted the ID when the account was opened. Now alleging that the ID was fake looks like an excuse and public relations damage control. Even major Fortune 500 companies make all kinds of dishonest excuses such as "we called and emailed you, but you didn't respond" or "we told you that over the phone". BitGold has made false public statements in the past, such as falsely asserting it was the first to offer a gold-backed debit card (see The Truth About BitGold  I wouldn't believe the excuse that the ID they previously accepted is now fake when that would save their face and possibly let them keep the money, unless the ID was determined to be fake by the government authorities.