@_author: jacyle
@_date: 2014-08-11 21:34:16
I apologize, "whole purpose" is an over reaching statement. 
"It would do away with one of the advantages of bitcoin, lower transaction fees"
From a consumer point of view, we may not realize the transaction fees that merchants pay to CC companies. Everytime you swipe your CC or Debit card at a store, they absorb the transaction cost the CC company charges for processing the payment. Bitcoin would help to keep more money in the pockets of merchants. 
I am not overly zealous about bitcoin, but as an economist, when you can lower or eliminate transaction fees we say markets are becoming more efficient because transaction fees decrease the purchasing power of who ever incurs the transaction fee.
@_date: 2014-07-15 18:11:34
I don't know, I wouldn't call Bitcoin a "reasonably stable store of value". So he does have a point there.
FYI, he is one of the only economists who actually has balls enough to call out crony politicians and hacks who pass for economists. I follow many economists. Many of them are cowards who are backed by special interest groups and a lot of money. Krugman is not one of them.
@_date: 2014-05-21 02:08:26
Out of everything I've read on this thread so far, this seems to be the most plausible reason. But I need to think about this more...
In an attempt to be pre-emptive, those who think this was a "wall", besides one or two buy/sell orders do you have any record or analysis that shows a "wall" can move prices substantially?
@_date: 2014-08-13 15:28:28
I'm not too concerned about buyers, as an international financial super power, we have access to many markets and many buyers. We can enter into trade agreements with countries in exchange for buying up our excess reserves/monetary base.
The real interesting thing I am waiting to see what happens in market exchanges. A lot of analysts are saying things like, "stock prices are in line with company value", which continues this bull market atmosphere. 
If the Federal Reserve tightens too soon, it could stifle company value, for example, by creating a less than ideal lending market. If this were to occur, you would suddenly see companies become over valued compared to their market price. Then you would see easy money begin to leave the markets, creating a downturn in the markets. This scenario is something that would unfold over the course of say 5 years or so, so time will only tell.
This is a reasonably pessimistic scenario if the Federal Reserve were to get monetary policies and actions wrong. However, I have faith in the current Federal Reserve leadership and think they will steer us clear of a market crash. I am more concerned about the in-action of Congress while the nation struggles to stay afloat. It's politically easier to do nothing and take the blame as a whole, than to stick your neck out by trying to do something and taking the blame individually. 
@_date: 2014-04-09 17:56:19
I agree, but I like to vett the possibilities. As for banks banning bitcoin, I'm not sure this would destroy bitcoin even. "Universal Exchanges" will change BTC to currency, so merchants and consumers don't care what governments do, unless of course, government outright bans the use of the currency. But that would seem highly unlikely. If anything it would act as a supplemental currency to an economy or a global currency (which it does currently).
@_date: 2014-04-09 18:58:45
If mining began to taper off, wouldn't the difficulty decrease? Or is this something I've misunderstood?
@_date: 2014-04-09 17:57:54
Great point! Banks could compete simply by dropping transactions fees related to transferring funds internationally (that includes currency conversion fees).
@_date: 2014-08-04 20:02:27
Wouldn't this defeat the whole purpose of having lower transaction fees with Bitcoin? You would still be using their payment network and would undoubtedly be paying a higher transaction fee than the Bitcoin network requires. Otherwise, there's no money in it for Visa/MC/etc... 
@_date: 2014-04-29 17:28:17
I'd need to read more about Martin Wolf's proposal/theory because the first question I would have for him is, why bother having private banks then?
"it is striking how many of the great inflations of the past were caused by profligate or greedy governments indulging in deficit financing – and destructive wars have been financed this way, too."
You should read up on the history of economic thinking and the Federal Reserve. For example, the Federal Reserve is just turning 100 years old. Discretionary monetary policy has only been around a little longer than that, so there has been much to learn. Bouts of inflation during the late 1970's early 1980's are related to the failures of Montarism which resulted in the Volcker Recession.
Also, the recent recession should lead you to believe that the central bank plays an important role in stabilizing the financial system. By the way, the Federal Reserve recovered every taxpayer dollar spent on the Banking Sector Bailout, plus interest (little known fact). 
Finally, Bitcoin will never permanently replace a sovereign currency for the very same reason the gold standard has been abandoned. The exception would be a country with an unstable currency experiencing prolong periods of inflation could temporarily switch to Bitcoin to tempor inflation expectations and reinstate faith in the sovereign currency.
@_date: 2014-08-12 19:18:13
Well the truth is, the Federal Reserve is in uncharted territory. If you look up Ben Bernanke's wiki, you'll see that he has spent most of his career studying financial crisis. As you probably know, in economics we only have historical case studies to go by, so the information is never perfect. But the monetary policies that have been implemented since the crash are basically an attempt to not make the same mistakes that other economies made in the past. Needless to say, I think most people agreed that Ben Bernanke was the man for the job.
That's not to say that the recent monetary policy won't fail, but the consensus among economists is that monetary policy, at the very least, has been somewhat effective. The truth is, any good economist knows that you need both monetary and fiscal policy working in tandem to have an effective recovery. By many measures, this has been the least active Congress in history which means not much is being done fiscally. I sympathize for the Federal Reserve, at least they are trying to do something.
As a final note in regard to your 3rd paragraph; you forget that the Federal Reserve can just as easily engage in a selling program (effectively decreasing the money supply) as it can a purchasing program (QE, increasing money supply). So don't get too apocalyptic. The trick is managing the reserves and the money supply simultaneously to maintain the dual mandate of the 2% inflation target and full employment.
The Federal Reserve has all the tools to manage inflation and the money supply. The bigger concern, and this is where the Federal Reserve catches flak, is will they do it properly? Since the mid-1980's, the Federal Reserve has had a good track record, so I have faith that they will.
    There is actually a really good paper from Christina and David Romer that analyze the successes and failures of the Federal Reserve and the political implications of these events.
 
@_date: 2014-08-18 18:16:00
Seems to me that it's possible the supply growth is out pacing demand growth, which is depressing prices.
@_date: 2014-12-19 14:39:19
Inflation causes asset bubbles,...
This is certainly, not true. Asset bubbles are formed from speculation and the irrational belief of values continuing to rise. The Dot Com Bubble was not due to inflation. The recent housing crisis was not due to inflation. Stock market crashes/corrections are not due to inflation (with the exception of Volcker recessions of the early 80's were correcting for high inflation brought on by failed "Reagonomics" policy). Oil crises one could say are inflation, but the price variation of  oil is due to global supply and demand factors.
To answer total_product_recall's question, being in debt is not a bad thing. The reason it's bad is because people are terrible at managing their own finances. You have to come to understand that when you take on debt, you are forfeiting a portion of your future income to consume now. People get into trouble because they don't realize they have to cut back on future spending in order to account for what they consumed today. Eventually their debt begins to snowball.
Debt is sustainable if you understand finance and are responsible with your income.
@_date: 2014-04-24 20:09:54
Could someone please pass me the punch...
@_date: 2014-08-19 17:34:25
In regard to competition and collusion; I'm Amazon, I will charge my competitors more money to use my roads which will drive up their costs (+1 for pun) either by toll costs or by re-routing to less desirable routes. Collusion could work much the same, but where a few companies decide to keep little companies from competing.
Roads aren't like buying goods off the shelf where you have choices, if that were the case we would need many roads going to the same place so as to give consumers choices based off of "good reputation". This would be bad for many reasons, but you get the picture. For example, our current telecom structure is much like our utility structure. There are many different ways a company can gain control of an area or region, but basically they have to share their infrastructure so that you don't have numerous companies digging up roads to lay new pipes or lines. It's the reason why you probably only have a handful of options for TV and Internet. This is closer to a "free market" example of how privatizing infrastructure would work. I for one, believe that allowing companies to control necessities like utilities and internet access grants natural monopolies and drives up costs due to profit taking.
Chattanooga, TN is a prime example of how public entities can create efficient systems to disseminate services:
Check out their service packages, I bet they provide better internet speeds, channel selection, all for a better price.
Even if there was no government and markets were truly free, companies would rise to power and abuse it, because there is no entity to keep it in check. What makes you think that if companies are paying off politicians now, that they would play more fair if politicians weren't there? Also, the general public is fairly ignorant. Hence Fox News popularity or why Wal-Mart has become such a large corporation. 
People don't care about how their sausage is made.
@_date: 2014-05-27 21:15:20
I understand bitcoin attracts anti-government individuals, but this is silly. 
The government make's things like bitcoin a possibility.
@_date: 2014-05-28 21:19:42
In a way they do allow me to breathe, by helping to curb air pollution with environmental regulations. Same thing goes for our water supply ;-)
@_date: 2014-08-13 21:44:15
Hmmm, yes they are. Acting preemptive is difficult though. I assume your referring to the dotcom bubble bust in regards to the 1st recession you experienced. 
1. No one has a crystal ball, so predicting a crash is near impossible.
2. Bubbles are hard to see, because you have to know what your looking for. Given the technology, data, and information we have today perhaps this can be improved upon in the future.
3. By the time you figure out your in a bubble (data is lagged), it's often too late, you don't have a crystal ball, you have to guess. So do you want to be the individual or institution that says, "hey the economy is doing too well, we're going to start to hit the brake". That would be extremely politically unpopular and would probably cost you your job.
They would have to have some grounds for being preemptive and it's difficult without data to support your claims and, as I mentioned, it's often too late to do anything by the time you get the data.
I also don't like Greenspan for his blatant ignorance. He has the guts to go on TV and say things like (paraphrasing), " I didn't know what derivatives were, but either way, I didn't think they needed to be regulated".
@_date: 2014-07-29 20:38:38
In the long run, we're all dead
@_date: 2014-07-29 20:36:43
For the record, Inflation always refers to price level changes. It does not refer to changes in the unit of measurement
Pet peeve of mine on this sub-reddit.
@_date: 2014-08-14 13:52:25
I've had many conversations about consumption taxes and my conclusion is that you can't have a consumption tax without some system that discriminates against income, otherwise, it would dis-proportionally harm the poor.
The counter argument I've heard to this is, don't tax essential (or inelastic) goods (for example, food). But by taxing all other goods, you are at risk of losing 15-30% (?) of your customer base. Consumption makes up 70% of our economy's GDP, that could be a big hit.
Yet another counter, people should afford essential goods before consuming leisure/luxury goods (elastic goods). Can't argue much about that...
At the end of the day, we already discriminate against income, a consumption tax would just be a different system of doing so.
BTW, I was curious whether consumption and sales taxes were the same thing. Turns out they're not, so I learned something from this conversation.
 
@_date: 2014-04-08 19:54:09
It's a long-term investment. I don't think BTC is going anywhere, it's future is bright. Just as long as Congress doesn't shut it down (haha).
@_date: 2014-05-15 19:34:26
For the record, politicians are not economists. 
They choose to ignore good economics in exchange for campaign contributions, compliments of the beneficiaries of bad economic policy.
Do not lump us economists with politicians, it's an insult. 
@_date: 2014-12-19 15:00:37
First off, this is a good thread. Intelligent responses all around, which has prompted me to make a comment of my own.
I see a lot of arguments explaining the demand side of deflation, i.e., how consumers act when faced with a deflationary environment. But I haven't really seen anything explaining the supply side of the argument, of which, I think would bring more clarity to this discussion of whether deflation is bad or not.
I fall in the camp that believes deflation IS bad. An example: 
Deflation erodes the value of assets, therefore, holding cash is your best strategy during a deflationary period. However, imagine now that you own a house, car, investment portfolio (think retirement), etc... Deflation will always be creating downward pressure of the price and value of these goods. Sounds good for consumers, as your all noting, but it's terrible for businesses. 
Imagine opening a retail business and purchasing an inventory knowing very well that tomorrow and every day after you purchase that inventory the value of the goods you purchased will be decreasing. This is where a deflationary spiral begins, because, if your goods are selling for less and less in the future, you can't afford as many workers (higher unemployment) and/or you have to charge a premium for your product in hopes to recoup your initial investment before deflation renders your inventory worthless. Businesses would be constantly racing against deflation.
TL DR; my point is, in a deflationary environment, holding assets is a losing strategy. Who would want to do business in this environment?
@_date: 2014-04-17 19:53:41
As a government becomes more established and stable, they will want to have the ability to manage monetary policy to help smooth the booms and busts ahead. For example, this has proven to be a headache for countries on the Euro. They don't have control of their currency, so they have to appeal to the European Central Bank (ECB) for help.
Perhaps a better example of why a poor or economically unstable country would want to switch to bitcoin is captured in this short NPR segment on how Brazil ended decades of hyperinflation using...a virtual currency. Everytime they say "Virtual Currency" imagine they are saying Bitcoin.
They eventually replaced the "URV" with the 'real'
Finally, if you know the history of currency pegged to gold, you would know that currencies are subjected to various market forces of which can cause bouts of inflation and recession. I think it's safe to say that at this point and time, Bitcoin is too volatile for long-term use.
But again, for poor and economically unstable countries bitcoin could serve as a vehicle to stabilize an economy.
@_date: 2014-07-08 17:22:11
Some people scratched the surface, but I think everyone on this post is missing a huge point in why deflation is bad.
I hear a lot of talk from the consumer point of view, but what about from the business point of view? I'll give you a simple example:
I invest in an inventory of goods for my business. Tomorrow I awake to find that the value of my goods has dropped 10% (deflation). That means I will earn 10% less for those goods that I provide. Can I afford to stay open while my business continuously loses value? If so, how many people do I need to layoff while I try to wait this period of deflation out?
If people are being laid off by businesses, where do they get their income to consume the goods of those businesses trying to stay afloat? 
Enter deflationary spiral.
Also, credit cards represent a very simple concept, which is being misconstrued. The decision to consume today vs. consuming tomorrow. When you use a credit card, you are essentially using future cashflow to purchase goods now. The interest you pay is no different than taking a loan for a car or house, it's relative to the cost of money (inflation). However, get a zero interest rate credit card (or loan) and you are essentially hedging against future inflation.
Others have mentioned why 2% is a valid target, I hope this further explains as to why it's better to choose stable inflation over stable deflation.
@_date: 2014-08-19 17:42:23
New York State is basically the Financial Leader of the U.S., DFS is taking it upon themselves to be leaders in the discussion of regulating Bitcoin. Whatever legislation NYS passes, will at the least, be a road map to regulation adoption else where. So this is important.
The Pro of this, is that they are legitimizing Bitcoin with regulation. Wide spread adoption by the general public won't begin until people feel that it is safe to use.
A Con I see is that this is a missed opportunity to utilize a network that protects the identity of the consumer from identity theft (think company breaches of data and stolen credit card information).
@_date: 2014-08-13 15:01:58
I just looked into this rapid price drop. From what I see, the hash rate has jumped considerably within the past week or so meaning that the network is taking on new coins faster than is intended. After the remaining blocks are solved, the difficulty will increase and should start to see the price firm up.
By no means am I saying the price will go up, there are many other factors that attribute to the price of BTC, but over the past 7 days, the above mentioned seems like a possible cause for the recent slump.
@_date: 2014-11-12 21:50:54
Point 1, no one refers to the money supply in terms of inflation. Inflation is the result of increasing or decreasing the money supply.  
Point 2 is wrong. A decrease in currency's purchasing power is due to inflation, still. Deflation would suggest that the price of goods is decreasing, thus giving your currency more purchasing power.
Inflation is always talking about price levels. Period, everyone in this subreddit needs to figure that out.
@_date: 2014-08-13 20:16:02
very cute people
@_date: 2014-08-18 17:26:07
Privatizing roads is an interesting idea, but I see many problems with this. 
First, your assuming companies like UPS and Amazon would exist w/o public roads. No company starting out has the capital means to create roadways.
Disregarding my first point, you could run in to competition and/or collusion problems by privatizing roads.
Who would monitor and maintain the safety of the roads?
I think you could make a case for private roads on a small scale. For example, if Amazon has huge warehouses somewhere and they are responsible for the vast majority of traffic in that area, then they should help to pay for those routes and roads.
Governments often create infrastructure to move society in a general direction. Once infrastructure is created, people then find uses for it. Think railroads, thruway system, internet, etc... No one thought we needed any of these things at the time, but someone recognized the great potential of these things and brought them to the public.
I trust businesses less than I trust our government.
@_date: 2014-04-09 18:04:16
Excellent point, it's challenging the traditional institution of monies. That is important.
@_date: 2014-09-17 17:13:53
It does sound fluffy, but, this is how most certifications are born.
@_date: 2014-05-28 16:45:21
I could recite a whole textbook of examples, but we'll start with the present.
For starters, they allow bitcoin to be bought and sold in the US.
@_date: 2014-05-21 20:42:15
Rogoff is no slouch, the person who wrote that post is.
One thing economists focus on is efficiency. Printing money/minting coins creates operational costs (facilities, security, payroll, etc...). By eliminating all of that, there will be efficiency gains.
As far as taxes go, it should and could be easier to follow the money, making it easier to collect and much less expensive because you will be able to cut back on tax facilities and personnel.
I can't share my access to NBER, but here is the link if you happen to have access (couldn't find a free version).
 
@_date: 2014-09-30 15:49:10
Good points about the value of currencies relative to goods. I would only add that you are referring to specifically Monetarism, which has become somewhat of an extension of Classical Economics.
However, I do not agree with you on your point about Keynesians being inconsistent. All economists, from all schools of thought, use various measures of inflation to gauge inflation in the economy. For example, if there is an oil price spike because of wars in the east, economists might exclude energy from CPI in order to get a more accurate picture of overall inflation in the economy. A one time price spike in energy will distort real underlying inflation in the economy.
Here is a good summary of the Keynesian views of Inflation:
@_date: 2014-08-11 21:13:14
Leave the economics to the economists please. 
After reading r/bitcoin for the past year, it's quite clear that there is a small percentage of people here who understand economics.
@_date: 2014-04-16 19:46:38
"Get your feet wet" rate. Allows potential investors to dabble in the BTC markets.
@_date: 2014-05-15 19:35:12
Free markets don't exist, you should rid yourself of this illusion.
@_date: 2014-05-15 19:44:03
I've never heard of the Cantillon Effect, so I did some reading. 
Can you explain to me how it comes to be that, "Expansionary monetary policy constitutes a transfer of purchasing power away from those who hold old money to whoever gets new money".
@_date: 2014-04-08 19:37:41
I bought BTC's for the first time last week. Bought 4 BTC, pretty gut wrenching.
@_date: 2014-08-13 20:21:19
There have been a lot of great research papers that show people don't mind paying taxes as long as they get something in return. So when we see things like pot holes in our roads, failing education, etc... people get upset because they wonder if their taxes are being spent efficiently or at all.
@_date: 2014-05-22 14:19:45
I'm not a proponent of austerity and I don't think that was Rogoff and Reinhardt's intention of the paper. I believe the politicians and media grabbed hold of it and spun it, like they usually spin things.
My take away from their papers on Countries and their Debt was this:
A country that carries HIGH levels of debt (that was the 80%+ they spoke of) and does nothing to lower it during good economic times, will have less financial/fiscal maneuverability when a recession hits. In other words, countries should work to pay down their debt during good times, so that during bad times they will have the ability to borrow or spend.
For example; Greece. They carried high levels of debt, brought on by overly generous or out of control social programs. They never did anything about these high levels of debt because they weren't crippling levels. However, the recession hit. This brought on high unemployment, which means a large dip in tax revenue for the government. Now those, reasonable debt levels don't look so reasonable anymore. As a result, creditors demand higher interest rates on the government debt issued which can eventually reach unsustainable levels. In which case, a government can no longer borrow and must engage in austerity measures because they no longer have any options.
Within the next few years, there should be some good research on austerity vs. stimulus using this current recession as a case study. Should be interesting.
@_date: 2014-08-19 16:52:31
Prepare to get educated:
Brazil used a virtual currency to stabilize their fiat currency. Take a listen, it's short. BTC isn't the first virtual currency or international currency for that matter.
@_date: 2014-04-09 18:05:38
I think I kind of understand what you're saying, but could you elaborate?
@_date: 2014-04-17 19:30:45
If you're doing the opposite of whatever Ron Paul is saying, you're probably doing it right.
@_date: 2014-04-09 17:59:58
I know of hashrate, but have not considered modelling the dynamics, I don't believe I know enough about it, but something to look into for sure.
But consider this now, is it fixed size? the divisibility of BTC makes it almost infinite.
@_date: 2014-08-13 20:15:16
I mean, I could cite an endless number of sources, so I'll just appeal to history. Taxes have been around since 3000 B.C. in Ancient Egypt. I would say the majority of successful civilizations in history have had some form of taxation.
We can agree to disagree on ideology of taxation, but it's been a common factor throughout history for better or for worse.
@_date: 2014-04-16 17:13:20
The spread and adoption of Bitcoin requires there to be people who will go out and explain and market Bitcoin. Without financial incentive, those people will not exist.
@_date: 2014-10-03 14:16:32
Would be a fun project for someone who is savvy with navigating the block chain. Find the terrorists!
Odds are, if people are thinking about it, terrorists are too. 
@_date: 2014-08-11 21:25:24
Very interesting Federal Reserve Paper, clear and concise explanation. It a nice piece of the picture that partially explains why inflation has been subdued.
Sadly, I'm sure no one here will read it. But if your reading this, at least read the Abstract and Conclusion.
@_date: 2014-04-17 20:04:36
There are many other forces acting on the price of BTC, Supply and Demand is only one of them. Which is why BTC is so interesting to me. Government Policy, Adoption, Cyber Security, etc... have an impact on BTC.
@_date: 2014-09-30 15:14:16
Actually, u/benjamindees never specifics as to whether he is talking about price level or supply. I have to assume he is talking about changes in the price level because inflation doesn't apply to units of measurement, just changes in their value (price level).
If demand out strips supply, you can easily draw the supply/demand model and it tells you that the value of Bitcoin has to increase (all else equal).
The reason why deflation is a topic that comes up during times of recession is because economies can become very depressed. For example, people don't spend as much when recession occurs due to uncertainty of the future. As a result businesses are left with goods and services they can't sell. So what do they do? They lay people off. As a result, overall consumption in an economy slows down (people don't work, they don't get paid). Businesses respond by cutting costs (most notably, wages) so they can afford to cut prices (&lt;-- deflation). Sounds good for consumers right? But imagine your the business again, you bought those goods and/or services using a loan or investor money and by cutting prices you made your loan more expensive (you are selling the goods/services for less than what you borrowed for)  and decreased your investors return on investment (or ROI). This is OK in the short-run (1 year? less than 5?), but this environment cannot persist or else you will enter what is called a deflationary spiral (Google: "Japan's Lost Decade" for an example).
I've already made this too long, but go re-read the Krugman article you posted above, it may make more sense now.
@_date: 2014-04-09 18:02:10
These seems to be at the top of the list of concerns for many pioneers of BTC. The consensus seems to be that if this can be managed effectively, the currency can thrive. I say managed and not solved because protocol and implementation are ever evolving.
@_date: 2014-04-22 18:44:51
Have no reason to facilitate the growth of Bitcoin. Banks make money off of the fees they charge. If you start adding transaction fees to Bitcoin it starts to defeat the purpose of Bitcoin.
They probably will someday, but not until its more widely used.
@_date: 2014-08-13 21:46:02
Again, I'm not engaging in ideological differences.
Also, poor example on your part. Ever hear of a matriarchal society?
@_date: 2014-09-30 14:48:28
"Keynesians don't use a consistent, or correct, definition of deflation."
You should check your sources then, Keynes is quite clear on this topic.
"Bitcoin doesn't deflate, and won't deflate for another hundred years; it inflates at a rate of over 10%."
The Bitcoin community constantly confuses deflation and inflation, so it's refreshing to see that a comment at the top of the post gets this right. dpxxdp, you are assuming that the growth in price levels will be negative the following year. Deflation means that you have negative price level changes. If you have 10% one year, then 12% the next year, it's still inflation.
"Deflation in Bitcoin is not equivalent to deflation in centralized, debt-based currencies."
I'm not sure what he meant by this one either, I too would like this point elaborated upon.
@_date: 2014-04-16 19:33:22
Haven't had a chance to watch the CNBC video yet, but since I am an economist, my point of view is, Bitcoin (or any virtual currency for that matter) will never replace the sovereign currency of a modern and stable country. Bitcoin's niche will be facilitating global commerce. In the future, it could become a stable and low cost store of value for international businesses, avoiding exposure to unstable governments and monetary policy (which translate into swings in exchange rates).
However, I could see a country with an unstable government or economy turning to BTC as a stable currency, but at some point they would have to switch back to a sovereign currency. 
@_date: 2015-01-06 22:26:24
I'm an economics professor, and I find bitcoin to be very fascinating. I view it as somewhat of an economics experiment. 
It blends the worlds of finance and technology, presenting new and interesting questions.
@_date: 2014-04-16 19:43:54
It's how they will make their money, arbitrage. They will pocket the inter-day difference. For example, if you look at Bitstamp and what they charge vs. market it's generally a bit higher. So they are getting more than fee's.
