@_author: jadetiger7
@_date: 2018-03-25 00:48:34
I have been thinking something along these lines for awhile now. But to take this further, representative government is the problem. It was devised during a time when people rode horses and wrote with feathers.
What the Internet, block chain and smart phones offer is true democracy. When an issue comes up that you have an interest in you cast your vote. Every issue should be handled this way.
Governments jobs are no longer to make decisions. There job will be to implement the consensus of the majority. Furthermore, they will be bound by block chain contracts to do so and if they don't, they lose their job.
That simple. Blockchain, creates true democracy and abolishes representative government. Which by its nature is easily corruptible. There is no way one person can represent your opinion on every issue that comes up, and even if they could, corporations have too much power to lobby them into other choices.
It's time to throw away the notion of representative government and use blockchain to ensure that the consensus of the majority is implemented.
@_date: 2018-03-25 15:31:18
I think the problem you are concerned with is overstated, and only serves to keep the people with power in power.
The internet solves the accessibility of information issue. Everyone has access to everything. Whether one chooses to excercise that access is another issue. This is an issue whether there is 100 representatives or an entire population influencing a decision.
The solution to that problem requires a refocusing of our education system on ensuring one understands the importance of their vote and taking the time to understand the issues. But I don't think it's a valid argument against true democracy. Especially since one has not been tried since having the accessibility to information we now have today.
I think everyone's voice deserves to be heard on each and every issue. In today's 2 party systems people have become one issue voters. You may agree with Republican economic policy and that may be why you vote one in. However, you also just voted in anti abortion, and anti gay marriage. The same occurs with a vote cast in the other direction. Currently you vote in a package. Not your stance on each issue.
Even if there was 10 parties to choose from, the problem is the same. A party can not allow for your nuanced view to be heard, That is a huge problem in and of itself before we consider the way corporate donations can influence one person's view.
But with true democracy, we can abolish the teams, and be able to have a nuanced approach to addressing each issue with a majority oppinion.
I can not see how this could not be better then what we have today.
@_date: 2018-03-27 22:13:15
It took me a couple reads and some time to think through your last comment. I think there is something broken in your logic and I just couldn't quite put my finger on it till now.
You are arguing that humans by nature think in immediate terms, but then also say that an elected body of humans is somehow supposed to negate this flaw in humans.
However, I think it perpetuates it. The less people there is making the decision the more likely, the outcome of the decision will fall victim to someone's immediate interests.
By having more people influence the decision, the outcome of consensus, or resulting majority decision is more likely to be in the interest of the majority of people.
The idea that allowing, someone to represent millions of people will result in anything but a decision biased by the representatives imediate concerns is a logical fallacy.
That said, I do think AI has a role to play. Mostly in the automation of virtually everything mundane in our lives. This will go one of two ways. Either we will move away from capitalism (as I think it's usefulness is nearing an end) and the prosperity generated by AI will be shared by everyone freeing us from the need to work 40 hours to put food on the table. Or the wealthy will live in gated communities while the rest of us starve due to lack of any work.
I prefer to to think we will grow out of capitalism and into something new where by we will have the time to pursue the things that interest us.
Going back to this statement - "We are not evolved to care about the wider good but instead the local good"  - I think our behavior is more likely due to capitalist conditioning then it is due to evolution....
It may take some time to unlearn capitalism, but humanities biggest accomplishments have come through our ability to cooperate.
I think this can also be seen in sicknesses that plague our capitalistic society. We have a longing for connection that is not being met. We live in buildings or neighborhoods with 1000s of people but don't know any of them. 
Depression and suicide is highest in capitalistic nations, while its unheard of in hunter gather tribes that have next to nothing but the smiles on their faces.
We didn't evolve to be concerned with our imediate interests. Cooperation is how we survived being hunted by predators. We have been trained by media to be competitive.
Now, that way of thinking certainly excelerated our advancement. But you can see through the cracks in society that's it's usefulness has come to an end and we need to find a new way... Or more appropriately a return to our old ways.
