@_author: jaeldi
@_date: 2018-01-22 16:54:31


I keep hearing that. But as a risk adverse spectator who is fascinated but watching from the sidelines like me, what "proof" of that can you give me? (serious question) 
From my point of view the dollar is not losing and gaining value in such wild amounts on a daily basis, but Bitcoin is (and other cyrptocurrencies). On all the exchanges that I peek at time to time they are all listing Bitcoin in terms of US dollars. I haven't seen one that is listing US dollars in value of Bitcoin/satoshis. When that trend flips, I would start to believe the dollar won't survive. Any other evidence your have, let me know. I am very curious. 
@_date: 2018-01-02 08:07:38
"Brand name". Lol. So true.
Made me think about when Yahoo was king. When Netscape ruled. And everyone had Atari in their homes. 
@_date: 2018-01-23 12:15:21
I would think that symptom would be too late. lol. 
@_date: 2018-01-22 17:02:28
So are most HODL's using it as a currency for goods and services? 
Spending is fine, but spending it seem counter-intuitive to the "HODL" message. I'm probably just getting hung up on labels. &gt;scratches head&lt;
@_date: 2018-01-22 16:42:40
Thanks again. You've given me new perspectives to ponder and enjoy.
@_date: 2018-01-02 07:51:35
You forgot scarcity. The more rare a thing is, the more value it has. The scarcity is built into the mining and long term creation. The harder it becomes to mine compared to effort and electricity, the more the value will increase. When there are no more miners, then there is no more network, right? 
You forgot liquidity. I sure am reading a lot of "I can't get my money and it's been over a month." That's kind of talk drives value down. The more liquid it becomes, i.e. the easier it becomes to transfer and move around, the easier it becomes to spend, the more the value will increase.
You forgot safety. Cryptocurrency is for the most part unregulated. It's safe from government control. It's also isolated from government protection. That means if someone comes up with a way to screw you/me out of our coins and there's no legal recourse because laws to protect our value in crypto don't exist or can't exist. It will become really worthless quickly unless an easy concrete way for the dumb masses to make their value safe doesn't become obvious and easy. Every hacked exchange story, every fear of an unreliable exchange or unreliable wallet company story, every lost wallet story, every customer service nightmare story all drives the value down. 
You forgot confidence. All of this can go away tomorrow if enough people stop believing in it just like any fiat. 
I find it all fascinating. Perception rules us all. If the perception is that it isn't safe, isn't spendable, too volatile to put in amounts you are scared to lose, then it's value will disappear quickly. People here wouldn't be talking about boycotting if no segwit or lightning if there weren't problems that threaten it's value long term. You can say, well that's the exchanges, not the currency and that's true, but it's all part of the perception. What value is a currency that can't be hacked, but can't be kept from being stolen, tied up indefinitely, or hammered with unpredictable fees? What other unforeseeable growth and adoption issues lie on the horizon? 
Someone clever with the right backing could reinvent this wheel tomorrow and build on what has been learned so far. If they partner with a mega corp like VISA and the existing fiat infrastructure of banks and traders, and back it all with reliable government protection, ... well, who knows. We all know how some organizations obsess over control and like to keep the little guy firmly locked on the outside of systems of wealth and value. I am reminded of when Yahoo was king, and now Google reigns. 
It's kind of a catch 22. I'd like to say "beware of group think!" but all currencies depend on group think as part of maintaining it's value. 
@_date: 2018-01-22 20:57:36


Then you made $6300 dollars on a $2700 investment! That's outstanding! That's like 233% return on your initial investment, and I bet it was a relatively short time frame. Who cares if you missed out on a peak, sticking to that goal made money. 
I do understand the emotional component. If you don't want to trade anymore, I respect that. I understand how coming close to a boom and missing it can be a downer that makes you don't want to play that risk game anymore. I've been at the craps table in Vegas before and played the odds in the best possible way and come out a little ahead after a long time and then some random 'lucky' person walks up and makes 10 times what I did in just a few minutes. In fact, I haven't been to Vegas in years because playing BJ or Craps maxing out your potential with math probability gets incredibly boring and takes a lot of the fun out of it. It's not life changing amounts of money, just safe mathematical strategy. 
Like I said earlier, I don't even have any Bitcoin. So i definitely don't want to come across as bossy about what people should do with their money. But, you should focus more on your accomplishments and not beat yourself up for not being psychic. You did great. There are so many people in the non-digital finance world that couldn't accomplish what you did. It wasn't life changing money, but it wasn't a loss either.
I got a bonus from work end of last year. You know that corporate guilt 1k bonus for getting what they wanted finally on a lower corporate tax rate, which was only 800 after taxes. I should go play with that money. But I don't really know where to begin. I understand I want to look for an exchange that supports segwit and lightning at this point, but I've never used exchanges for anything before. Any recommendations would be great. I'll incorporate them into my ongoing knowledge journey. 
@_date: 2018-01-22 15:26:45
I often wonder this about HODL's. Most common sense investors have a goal at which they cash out and take their gain. Like if I make 20% on an investment, i've beat most of the world on my investment if I sell at that gain. Do most HODL's have an investment goal or sell point or is there another reason to just hold till the end of time I'm not seeing or understanding? 
@_date: 2018-01-22 16:46:09
But in a volatile up down up down market that is swinging this wildly, this wide, and this quick, I can make 20% more often than traditional markets. This is why I think the wolves of traditional wall street are drooling. This to me is the reason that the 'rest of the world' is getting a hard on and paying attention. (lol) Are fees making moving large sums of money in at dips and out at a 20% gain unrealistic? 
@_date: 2018-01-22 16:58:57
That's time (x axis) to bitcoin value (y axis), correct? I'm not great at reading these. 
@_date: 2018-01-22 15:57:45
Interesting. Thanks for the reply. 
Have you ever just made a simple goal? Like: I will sell when I make 15%. And then I will buy again at 12,000. Then when you buy in again, the next goal would be waiting till you make 15% again (which would be 13,800). "Good" investment analysts tend to give this kind of advice; Make goals. A buy goal and then a sell goal. Then stick to it. Oh, and also re-evaluate your goals at least once every 3 months. I'm generalizing for any investment or market.
Those goals can change, like if you think it will go waaay higher than 15% on a trend of the moment, you can change to 25%. And if you reached your goal and you sold to get your gain, but the trend is still up up up, then you can buy in again at current price and set an new X% goal. If you are unlucky and the price dropped after you bought in, it's not a loss until you sell. To me, that's the time period "HODL" should apply, just wait till you reach your goal. It's up and down so much in cryptocurrency you don't have to HODL as long as traditional markets. Right? 
That's what I THOUGHT "HODL" was about, hold until you reach a goal/profit. But then I see posts like this one today and I wonder, what is the point of holding if you never sell. I never thought about waiting till other currencies 'fail'. I don't really see that happening until a lot of older generations are in the ground and cryptocurrencies values don't jump hundreds of percent points up AND down inside of a week. Personally I like that cryptocurrencies have value based in concrete measurable scarcity but I don't like the 'non-regulated' part. Regulations are like safety rules at work, there's a story behind everyone of them. I'll start worrying about the US dollar when the dollar is valued on exchanges in Bitcoin, not the other way around. But hey, that's my risk level and I acknowledge everyone is different in risk level. I also acknowledge in the very long term that is a possibility. 
Well, anyway. Thanks for reading. I don't have any Bitcoin, but I've been watching and learning. I still don't understand it all, but I'm getting there. I still don't know what exchanges can be trusted after learning about 2013, after all this talk about outrageous fees, after people not being able to get their Bitcoin changed back to US$, and seeing all the Coinbase drama and insider trading this year. But it's very fascinating to watch. I'm looking forward to seeing what happens after the next halving, the long term evolution of those that mine, and what will happen when all the coins are mined. It's a historical story. It's history I'm getting to witness first hand as it unfolds! That alone is very cool to me. 
@_date: 2019-07-02 09:27:34
That show is terrible. All shock no plot. The Trans community should be upset too. It is not the typical experience for a trans teen to be on hook up apps and using their bicycle to go meet 40 year old men to get violently butt fucked. Oh and they showed the 40 year olds erect cock. And then the closeted 40 year old turns out to be the Dad of the toxic masculinity super macho bully a-hole jock at the school. And randomly at a party the bully bullies the trans, not knowing his father butt fucked her earlier. Yeah. No depth or back story to explain why these characters are behaving this way, just 2 dimensional uninteresting characters doing shocking things. Drugs! Trans sex! Violence!
Oh then the main character Zedanya chick, who suffers from OCD and self medicates with recreational drugs because she didn't like the prescribed drugs, who has a very caring non-abusive mom and a sister who looks up to her but she shits on both of them, who most of the pilot episode fleshed out the deep back story and history of the Zedanya character, suddenly this unsympathetic character decides "I'll make this Trans my super best friend." No reason why. It just happens. So in appearance, similar to the closeted 40 year old, she's fascinated by the sexual oddity of a trans person and that's the only reason she's this trans' friend?  WTF. That's exploitative. 
oh and quick side note. In the pilot, when the main character needs drugs, her drug dealer just gives her 120 dollars worth because "hey, it's cool". No sexual favors demanded. No "you have to pay me back". Nothing. But the sluty nerdy girl that's experimenting with porn needs money and the writer decides....yeah! Bitcoin! But hey everyone, it looks like a trippy music video so it's cool.
This show is trash.
It's obviously not a show for kids. So why as an adult do I want to watch a show where a bunch of sexy twenty somethings pretend to be teenagers? This show is thinly veiled "barely legal" soft core porn. Not interested.
@_date: 2018-01-08 06:55:52
That graph is odd to look at because the space between 0 and 4 on the vertical axis is the same amount of space between 4 and 400, also the same distance between 400 and 20,000. It's like looking through a fish eye lense, the stuff in the middle appears normal, but the stuff close to the bottom are magnified and the stuff close to the top are compressed. It would be more meaningful and easier to read if the graph was re-done with a vertical axis where the values all have the same space and relative scale.
@_date: 2019-07-02 09:32:14
A nazi who is upset about "barely legal" soft core porn that portrays unrealistic exploitation of Trans and unrealistic recreational drug use. You know, the usual core issues of nazism.
@_date: 2019-07-02 00:07:03
No. This is what a dictatorship pretending to be socialism looks like.
@_date: 2019-07-02 01:29:10
Amen. 
I'm feel bad for OP. Hindsight is 2020. Just like lotto winners, just the accumulated wealth makes you a target anywhere. If you can afford security, buy it. If you've got millions in digital even thousands, it's time to think in terms of ...at least 10% of this wealth needs to be else where. And at least enough liquid cash reserves to Uber to an airport to GTFO if required.
In fault tolerant design we call it "No single points of failure."  Fault tolerant means you expect a failure to happen and you have planned for it to minimize the errors and damage from it. Plan for the worst, hope for the best.
@_date: 2019-07-02 00:06:10
Todays Lesson: So digit currency didn't really set someone free in a state where the fiat failed. It made them a target.
@_date: 2017-12-18 13:33:18
Only Bitcoin? That's a bold statement. Interesting. I figure monkey see monkey do happens in every industry and technology. Especially tech where it's easy to copy and paste then add your minor difference or improve settings and interface.
What if a major retailer, say walmart, chooses to adopt a digital currency or heaven forbid make their own and then incentivize it's use, heavily marketing it. Then pay their employees in said currency. For the paycheck to paycheck low income crowd I see a lot of advantages in digital currency if it's accepted everywhere they make purchases. They wouldn't have to rely on check cashing places. If they get bigger bang for their digital buck by spending it at their own employer's store, they will. Most of them don't use banks anyway. 
Similarly if a point of sale maker or player, like Visa, decided, Hey let's make an app for people's cell phone that talks to our PoS equipment through blue tooth and promote our digital currency of our choosing. Then people could use either their credit card or Visa's pet digital currency with their phone or Visa could invent their own digital currency. When you install the app, you create a username and password, then tie it to what ever digital money you use. Next time you see a Visa BLUECOIN© logo at check out, your app already has a bluetooth connection to the system pre-loaded, and a screen pops up "Pay with this purchase using: A) Visa Credit Card Account B) VISA BLUECOIN available balance $147.23 C) RC COLA Coin available balance $203.55. What ever digital currency that joins Visa in that goal would become huge. Since Bitcoin is unregulated, they could legally lock Bitcoin out. 
Currently, Bitcoin or any of these currency don't really seem easy enough in use in practice that my grandmother could figure it out without a LOT of help. But Visa could incentivize my granny by offering her a higher savings account interest for BLUECOIN and 'cash back' on all BLUECOIN purchases. All she has to do is install an app. The first vendor/coin/company/partnership who takes it to that next level of ease will be the Coke of the digital currency world. All the pieces of technology to make it happen seem to exist. After learning about Bitcoin, I can see lots of possibilities, but it seems no one has really put it all together yet. And Bitcoin isn't a company that's out there heavily promoting and trying to create these type of business/vendor relationships. 
The more I learn about digital currency, I really like that the value is tied to math and technology rather than the current 'we all agree this is a dollar' model. It's really starting to dawn on me that this is a beginning of something that if/when it gets adopted at a higher ease of use level, it's going to become inescapable. I figure, I'm an average IQ nobody in the middle of no where. If i'm thinking about all these business schemes to make one particular digital currency more prevalent than another, to reinvent Bitcoin but "we" control it, then I'm confident big companies are developing strategies starting yesterday.
@_date: 2017-12-18 20:30:52
lol. I was thinking more along the lines of: 
"Welcome to restaurant, customer"
Do you accept bitcoin? 
"No, Is bitcoin cash ok?" 
Kinda like some places don't take american express or discover. I'm more interested in adoption of various digital currency than buying and selling currency. 
@_date: 2018-08-31 01:30:33
Ok, it sunk in and then this occured to me: 
And how much have you paid your internet provider and cel provider over the years? How much have your parents paid to be online in the middle east? It's not a small amount and crypto currency can't exist without any online connection. Was one month of connectivity more or less than what you paid at Western Union? I pay more than 78+116 a month for my land line internet and family data plan. Per month! Let that sink in. 
We all see what we want to see. ISPs &amp; Western Union are businesses that are out to make a profit and price their service at a price the market will put up with. Why didn't you just do it through crypto or even pay pal? Especially since everyone is already paying for the internet connectivity. Do they not have the option in the middle east to connect a real world bank account to pay pal or equivalent online service?  TBO, I really don't know much about what level of connectivity your family in the ME has. Was WU the only option? Were they just easy and reliable? Maybe you paid 'convenience store' prices because it was faster or simpler? Is Visa not accepted where they are? They could have used a cash advance on a credit card or just used a credit card and you could have paid their bill online. Did they need money or cash? There's at least half a dozen different ways to crack this nut using the internet. All of them would have cost something. If the other end is off line or really can't handle internet "complexity", then WU isn't a terrible way to get the money or cash there.
Cash is analog and will always have it's uses off line. The ironic thing is WU used digital to get it from one end of the world to another. That cost you paid helps them pay for their connectivity and all the technological devices they own to convert from analog to digital and back again. You also paid for guaranteed deliver and conversion to cash in local currency on the other end. They didn't rape you. But if the other end is just as connected to the internet as our end, you could have save a little on fees. Not much, but some. 
WU isn't a devil. They are just a business delivering a service. They will adapt to the new tech and will eventually probably sell crypto conversion to cash any where in the world too .... for a fee. 
You paid less in fees than I would have in local and state sales tax. You paid less than 5% in fees. Let that sink in.
@_date: 2018-08-29 12:21:44
IMO, manipulation is an inevitable function of an unregulated market. Since there is no central authority or control, I really don't know how it could be effectively regulated. Exchanges could make rules, but then some other desperate exchange could say "hey, come over here, we don't have those rules."  Eventually the 'bad guys' will probably make their own exchange where they control the rules, or this may have already happened. Some countries could make some consumer protection rules, but it's global, so their jurisdiction and control will only go so far. 
@_date: 2018-08-31 02:11:10
I promise not too. lol. 
@_date: 2019-03-19 21:16:37
Nice to see a simple voice of reason here.
 I'm still waiting for the political conspiracy nuts to explain how it was all Hillary's fault. Lol
@_date: 2018-06-19 00:45:37
The only people that are as happy as this graceful twirling dancing soldier are the exclusive groups who manipulate this unregulated market up and down for their personal profit. This is the dance they do when the roller coaster stops at the bottom and they get back on and go up the hill again. They get off at the top of the next hill and dance again while everyone else takes the full ride back down.
I'll say one thing about these uregulated markets, it sure does provide a great example of why Libertarians are full of crap. There are some good regulations. No one will adopt a currency long term if you can't predict a stable value. These wild swings are not good for adoption. Vendors are going to lose interest if the currency their customer used today falls below the value of the goods and services they just bought, especially smaller business that can't just sit and wait till the next peak to buy supplies or make payroll. The community should be pushing for reasonable regulation and the weeding out of manipulation. 
@_date: 2018-06-11 08:31:33
I need a Bitcoin Out of the Loop subreddit. What caused this dip? 
@_date: 2018-06-11 11:12:16
buy the dip only works if you sell at the next peak. 
@_date: 2019-10-24 16:29:49
If people never use it as a currency then it's a digital collectors item. A digital beanie baby or pokemon card, if you will. Only valuable to other beanie baby collectors. Right?
I can't really call it digital diamonds even though we use the false metaphor of 'mining'. Really it's unlocking. Like videos from the Disney Vault. Diamonds and gold are rare but they at least are used as decorations, jewelry, electronics, drill bits, etc. So a digital collectors item that doesn't have any other use, not even online, is really not valuable. In the long run it's not money that's important, it's value. Being used as a functional currency purchasing goods and services does make it more valuable. 
I'll believe the fanatics when people start measuring dollars in bitcoin rather than the other way around. Because there in lies the ugly truth: Even the holders talk about it all in terms of dollars.
@_date: 2019-10-29 17:48:48
It's a risk. 
On the back end of an ISP they can't see your encrypted data but they can see you are sending encrypted data. It tips a flag. Do it a lot and they'll eventually want to know who. And then why. If they outlaw bitcoin in China, it's less risky to just move your money to a currency that isn't flagged. Avoid the risk.
Right now they don't care and the Chinese government has invested heavily in mining although that may be aimed towards manipulation of the market to their benefit and outsider's harm. Like I said before, time will tell.
@_date: 2019-10-29 17:15:05
You can use a VPN in China but that can also get you on a list. I'm hoping for their people's sake the HK protests escalate to something good for all their people. Time will tell.
@_date: 2018-06-19 01:43:32
That indeed would be a tipping point when dollars are measured in bitcoin. I'm clueless as to what should happen next to get that to happen. Right now I feel like digital currency in general is just being used by shady rich guys to get richer, while fiat currency values are stable and predictable. Fiat awaits at the top of the bitcoin roller coaster. It's just not good. I don't know what or how the world will get past just seeing digital currency as a roller coaster get rich quick scheme. I can't help but think the boom and bust cycles of developing markets in the late 1800's and early 1900's led to the Great Depression. History repeats. 
@_date: 2019-10-24 22:19:56
All the things you point out are true IF it retains value in the real world. Use as a currency makes it valuable.
@_date: 2018-06-19 01:56:08
Well historically it's always catastrophic failure, like after a big war or government collapse that I can think of that collapses a fiat currency's value. So who knows. A catastrophic failure might also put the world wide net at risk, can't have a universally accepted digital currency with out that. 
Even if all fiat currencies some how collapsed but somehow the digital world wide network and the electricity that supports it didn't collapse, I feel that if digital currencies remained unregulated, there would still be unfair manipulation. It would be manipulated UP if there was no fiat to jump to at the top of a peak. Hording. 
I dunno. These are all really big "ifs". Who can say. 
@_date: 2019-06-04 18:51:28
I don't disagree that those are questionable activities  but .... that's not going to change if everything goes bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-10-29 14:47:27
@_date: 2019-10-29 14:50:32
So according to this article China plans to reinvent this wheel and knowing them force their version on all of China and lock out competition. 
Not sure what that has to do with "schemes" involving Bitcoin. But all of China not using Bitcoin sounds bad for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-06-04 12:17:23
The rich hate what? An asset that can't be confiscated? I think the rich LOVE that. Big Investors love wildly swinging markets; buy low sell high. Now here's this market that can controlled and not regulated where large investors can create their own lows and highs. There's the dream of crypto and then there's the reality. Crypto isn't shaping up to be the friend of the little guys.
@_date: 2019-06-04 18:19:00
I don't think the destination is stability. Stability in value wasn't built into the network. I don't think the big swings will ever stop. I think the only reason investors especially super wealthy investors are interested is the same reason the get rich quick fraudsters are interested: it can be changed back into fiat. If we don't have adoption as a currency for goods and services then the day no one will exchange your bitcoin for some real world fiat is the day it all dies. So from that point of view with out adoption it remains totally dependent on fiat. That's wasnt the goal of all this. So for me if the goal isn't adoption then it's a scam that should die.
@_date: 2019-06-04 11:57:28
Yeah but if small businesses bitcoin receipts from yesterday won't buy enough supplies for today's business because of a huge sudden drop, and it happens more frequently than other fiat, then it hurts Bitcoin's chances at widespread adoption as a currency. 
And if it isn't adopted as a true currency that can be trusted then it will devolve into a rare novel online collector's item sought mainly by get rich quick schemers. 
Big business outside of the finance industry won't like to hold onto large amounts of a wild swinging currency because they don't want to have large unpredictable losses that they'll have to explain to shareholders. So their choice gets boiled down to become a constantly manipulative whale for profit or just don't participate. 
So OP isn't wrong, this is what happens to currency in a world wide unregulated market. But if you are a fan of adoption, then you should hate wild swings in value. As much as the crypto currency community hates the dollar and other fiat, in stable countries fiat only takes large swings in value when the economy as a whole takes new directions that can be directly observed and some what predicted. There is nothing that can be observed or predicted to explain these abrupt swings of value; they are random events dictated by multimillionaires. So crypto will be most attractive to scheming financial overlords which would be the banks and wealthy financiers that everyone in the crypto community hates, right?
@_date: 2019-06-05 04:29:53
1. I don't have the tools or time to do it, but the question is not as much as specific X 100, but how many vendors trying to adopt had to endure loss from volatility. 
2. Time will tell.
@_date: 2019-06-04 19:29:58
We're going to have to agree to disagree on the importance of currency value. If I can buy one pizza or ten thousand pizzas with 1 bitcoin is VERY important.
@_date: 2019-06-04 18:09:32
Where is it happening where the rich are confiscating other people's assets and using the government to do it? (Serious question)
@_date: 2019-06-04 20:15:33
But if I earn .001 BTC during the day and after the drive home pizza now costs .1 BTC because that's the day a pump/dump happens, that's a problem. I don't see any evidence that the volatility is going away. And if the volatility doesn't go away, why would the pizza store adopt if they buy supplies in the morning at one price then when the pizza is made can only sell it for a loss because of a wild swing. Too many people get burned like that and they won't adopt, they'll reject. The wish isn't for savings increasing based on currency value changes,  the wish is for a stable value. My savings should go up because the bank promises an interest rate.
@_date: 2019-10-29 17:31:30
I think you forget China controls all the ISP's and cellular in their territory. They can watch anyone they choose to. And if they don't like what you're doing, just come and take you, your possessions, or whatever. There's no amount of bitcoin that can stop that.
@_date: 2019-06-04 22:01:16
A non-sovereign, non-correlated, scarce digit object is a pokemon. So yeah. It is only worth what you can convince other collectors to pay for it. Not interested.
@_date: 2019-06-04 19:27:18
If everyone adopts bitcoin then the government will ask for taxes to be paid in bitcoin. They'll accept bribes from lobbies in bitcoin. Your employer will pay you in bitcoin. Your retirement can still be a no option 401K regardless of bitcoin. Big business will still control the supply of goods and resources that you buy with bitcoin. And nothing listed above changes. The wealthy still dominate the system regardless of the currency. 
Also, We're not on the gold standard anymore so with the dollar, that gold stuff isn't possible anymore.
@_date: 2019-06-05 13:00:59
You've met someone who doesn't want any bitcoin and doesn't have any. Me. I still don't have faith in it. Everytime it's manipulated and widly swings I think it's devolving into a digital collector item scam. Maybe that was the creator's true intent and all his philosophy against other systems is just marketing selling his scam. I don't care about quotes from the anonymous creator. There is no evidence he is any better than the people and government that you describe as bad guys. I think there are a lot of "believers" who have misplaced their existence as middle class or poor as hate against an unfair "system" that somehow "enslaves" you. Then throw all their faith into another system that from my point of view seems like "same shit, different day" so to speak. 
If you ignore the psuedo philosophical quotes of the anonymous, there is no structure or function in Bitcoin's network that guarantees it to be a better system. If people loose faith in value, it dies. Just like any other fiat. It's guaranteed to not grow beyond a certain size, so it will never be large enough to prevent manipulation. And it has no central authority which guarantees people in the system can't be screwed over. Not all regulations are evil. Not all governments trying to create an economy want to enslave. An unregulated market is too risky for me. And if someone is taking a risk in a high risk currency and doesn't care if that currency becomes used as a common currency then that person is just another get rich quick schemer like the rest.
@_date: 2019-06-04 12:58:12
No troll here, just thinking out loud. 
But isn't whales doing pump and dump fundamentally changing the primary property, i.e. the value, of crypto? Aren't you at the mercy of exchanges and vendors? I'm thinking about all the "I can't get my money" stories we here all the time.
Isn't your middleman the internet with crypto? One cannot participate in crypto without it. If a huge state failed and the internet and electricity infrastructure failed with it, then you will be cut off from your money. How will you escape a failed state with no money? Can't everyone see (spy on) your transactions  because it's all in the public blockchain? 
Who is taking your money in the fiat world?
@_date: 2019-06-05 14:11:56
How is a central authority "guaranteed to screw us over"? I don't feel enslaved or screwed over. I feel locked out of advantages the super wealth have, and there is no evidence bitcoin changes that. In fact exactly the opposite with the super wealthy having it's way with a now unregulated market. What a dream that must be for them now that there is no penalty for unethical behavior. I'm sure the guys who bought pizza for 10 bitcoin 5 years ago feel screwed over by the system. 
Please be careful. Your language about "savings" gives way to a dangerous assumption. A trading market is NOT a savings account. A savings account is something a bank sells for guaranteed interest on an amount of money over time using a certain agrreed upon currency. No one buys gold or oil to just sit still for ever in that market. Markets are investing opportunities, a gamble, that the price I buy a commodity at today will increase. People invest in a market with a goal in mind, a price they will leave and take a percentage increase from where they started. 
Unlike gold and oil, bitcoin isn't a usable object. It can only be traded. It's rare because the math behind it and the shared database that tracks it in the blockchain guarantees it's rarity. It doesn't guarantee it's value. It doesn't guarantee that the value will always increase. If humans were logical computers the value would go down as more get mined because if more copies of a rare object exist then any one of those objects is less valuable. This is basic math and science. Which you, and other humans muddle with emotions and hope. 
What if Satoshi is really some young brilliant hedge fund asshole that was trying to convince his bosses at Evil Corp International that they could just create their own currency and rule their own financial kingdom regulation free. They said bullshit, do a proof of concept. And he said ok, and wrote bitcoin. 
Using customer online profiling data he targeted the initial early adopters, nerds, because the data shows people who live online are easy to box into echo chambers; incells, alt right, antifa left, Instagram vanity addicts, Amazon addicts, Facebook addicts, reddit adicts, the internet is chock full of echo chamber cults ignoring reality. Bitcoin cult has become another one. The nerds begin using bitcoin among themselves then it should eventually spill over to normies that don't even understand the math behind it. Then exchanges get created and we're off to the races. Bosses have one stipulation: make sure no one can trace this bullshit back to us.
Admit it, there's no evidence I'm wrong just like there's no evidence that you aren't right. And be careful. Don't sit still in a trading market. Get in with a percent gain in mind. When you reach that goal, leave. Don't go back in with out a low entry and percent gain strategy. Ever! And when you leave, diversify. Don't put all your eggs this risky unregulated basket. As your nest egg grows, decide on a portion that you will always move to a relatively safer place, like bonds or property. Something that cannot evaporate. 
I enjoyed talking with you. But double check all your assumptions with cold hard logic. Good luck.
@_date: 2019-06-05 06:07:39
Doesn't change the fact that such a rare digital object is only worth what you can convince other collectors to pay for it. So what that the database that defines it is spread across all participating users with no licences. If it can't be trusted as a stable value currency to buy and sell goods and services outside of fiat, rather than requiring conversion to fiat to obtain it's value of the moment as a get rich quick/"investment" scheme (as you have suggested), then still not interested. 
I think the original dream of a "liberated currency" has just been corrupted. And corrupted by the greedy assholes that everyone hated in the first place. It's liberated all right, liberated right into the manipulative hands of the very wealthy. Everyone else along for the ride are the chumps of the super wealthy. What's funny is if those chumps, the cult's "true believers", quit their belief in it, just took their money out of the game and walked away, then the super wealthy would lose all their wealth in the system as it crashed and burned.
The ugly truth is crypto currency is just like fiat; it is only worth what people BELIEVE it's worth. Even though the exact relative value can be calculated using the data in the blockchain, humans have fucked it all up. Psychology rules the system and value, not math. It's a disappointment.
@_date: 2019-10-20 14:25:59
Finally someone with common sense that acknowledges some really hard to ignore facts. I think the future of computing (quantum if you want to call it that) will eventually make a lot of current computing encryption and authentication tech obsolete. Plus, I still think this version of bitcoin is a social lure designed to trap people obsessed with greed and running up their financial score, like the very hedge fundge ahole greedy bankers that everyone in these forums complain about. Basically low effort get rich quick scam artist and their usual set of victims. Those scam artists, those very people that this system "was supposed to set us free from", now dominate this system just like they do all the others. And this system is unregulated. So, They've made it their bitch. 
The reason I call it a lure is because based on it's basic design, the manipulation of the market and wealth hoarding we now see was inevitable. If the designer didn't do this on purpose then they are either totally absent of knowledge of typical human behavior or they did it on purpose. I suspect either the scam artists I was talking about it are really Satoshi and they've created the very unregulated system of value and currency they've always wanted or someone like Putin created it to lure in those western greedy capitalists, get them to invest a lot of wealth in it, and then slam the trap shut destroying western economies and the Chinese all at once while he's manipulated his criminal worldwide enterprise to take over when that happens. Chaos is a ladder. 
Or maybe I've watched Mr. Robot too many times. Lol.
TL;DR: Satoshi is Whiterose.
@_date: 2019-06-04 12:10:28
Hmmm. I know the community wants it to be "the thing BTC is trying not to be". But in the original paper is there any mention of this belief or attempt to "the thing BTC is trying not to be"? In the core design there is nothing to prevent this, so I think it's time to let go of the idea that crypto will set anyone free. It's another money tool and not a very good one since it causes this much risk, stress and anxiety for the small guy. It was a nice dream, but reality has set in.
@_date: 2019-06-04 12:22:10
Serious Question: then why are you interested? 
If the reality of crypto is it's an unregulated market where the super rich whales will do their thing, as a small fish why are you swimming in that ocean?
@_date: 2019-06-04 18:06:43
Most small folks don't own enough to affect the whole market. Then others let panic over ride logic. What does that have to do with the rich people this guy and I were commenting about?
@_date: 2018-11-22 15:05:34
People ruin everything. ��
@_date: 2018-11-12 03:39:42
General Financial advice for having a lot in any one market: Diversify. 
Don't keep all your eggs in one basket. 
@_date: 2018-11-22 14:42:57
As a bitcoin spectator, this photo made me laugh, but it also made me think, "but it's still worth something". 
Can anyone give a EIL5 (or Explain It Like I'm a busy adult that hasn't done a lot of research but would like to understand more) explination of a couple things for me? 
Why did bitcoin suddenly take such a dramatic dive? I understand the dramatic peak last year with all the publicity and regulatory acceptance. I understand the slow decline from that peak as it normalized to a more 'real' value'. But why such a dramatic drop? I didn't see any news about "Satoshi discovered to actually be a 6 year old indonesian girl who made the whole thing up" or some other craziness. (lol)
And then also the followup question: If it's "failing", then why didn't it fail all the way to Zero? or perhaps the better question, why did it drop to 4k and stop dropping? Why didn't it go back to pre-2017 levels? 
Any way, I was hoping to hear some thoughts from people who are more knowledgeable than me. I own no bitcoin or digital currency, but I do think it's all very historic.
@_date: 2019-09-02 14:43:32
OMG. Is this Disney? Is this live action memes now!? 
Insert picture of Picard with hand on forehead here.
(My comment is humor. I like her costume. Brava!)
@_date: 2019-09-25 15:41:18
I never said panic sell. That was you.
I would say don't throw good money after bad a.ka. "buy the dip". I would advise people, Sell when you're up, and then quit gambling in this flimsy casino. If gambling is your thing, good luck to you.
@_date: 2019-09-25 15:56:45
Lol! Yes. That is true. Thank you. Upvote sir.
@_date: 2019-09-25 19:06:43
That's where you lose me with that word revolution. It's historic to be sure, but the system seems to be no better and maybe more prone to unfair manipulation by fat cats more so than the old fiat systems. Do you think that was even a consideration of the creator of the system, protection from unfair manipulation? It seems to be the unavoidable result of an unregulated system/market.
@_date: 2019-09-25 18:12:42
And that's true because we can't go to the creator and ask "Is this what you wanted? How do you feel about the obvious manipulation of the system and the inherent advantages it gives to those who have more wealth?" 
That is what fascinates me about the community behavior when they complain about the other corrupt fiat systems and the manipulations there, but then won't face the obvious manipulation happening here too. 
Your response to my assumption that we can't know his intentions was to accuse me of being "presumptuous for assuming intent" BUT then you assume the intent of the creators work because in your words "Anonymous not mute". And I sarcastically pointed out you're assuming his intentions which by your definition is presumptuous.
@_date: 2019-09-30 15:01:58
It isn't different. Except most founders of most companies aren't anonymous.
@_date: 2018-07-28 04:22:14
I was chuckling to my self thinking people who get sad when Bitcoin does down in dollar value and happy when it goes up in dollar value are the ones pegging it to the dollar. ha ha. 
Bitcoin won't be seen as the 'success' people here want it to be until dollars are measured up and down in bitcoin, when bitcoin is stable in value and exchanged as currency more than fiat. I'm not sure that day will come if bitcoin's value continues swings by such large percentages in such short time periods. It needs to be a slow steady progression up if you want it to eventually replace fiat, IMO.  It seems it's really just being manipulated by whales as a get richer quicker scheme and that's not good for the long term. I agree with the sourness of the OP, ETF's are a sign that it's becoming more of a rare virtual commodity rather than currency, designed for market trading gambling not common market place spending.
Becoming a commodity may not be an entirely bad thing. People who trade on the market are always looking for two things: somewhere safe to move their money and the next roller coaster to ride to the peak. At the peak they get off the ride and go somewhere safe again. Currently, crypto in general is a wild ride. Maybe one day when the other rides peak and then drop, it could become the safe ride. But it isn't right now, which is why everyone here always says "Don't invest what you can't afford to lose."
@_date: 2019-09-25 17:32:16
Ok. Same here. It's my opinion and explanation on why I remain skeptical and have not bought any crypto. I'm still surprised that there's still a lot of these die hards toting an illogical world view of a system that is not moving towards the goals they aspire. I'm wondering why there isn't more anger about these manipulations and more calls for more transparency.  Who did this? We can all see the ledger that it happened but without knowing who, that information holds little value other than evidence that as the system exists now value as a currency won't stabilize. It will just continue to exist as a volitile trading system of digitally complex rare items/coins/pokemon.
A lure for gamblers, get rich "quick/low effort" people, and money hoarders. Like gambling, I think there may be a psychological component that certain people can get addicted to. It's historical and fascinating.
@_date: 2018-07-18 00:48:43
And how does that make it any better or worse than fiat? 
It Doesn't. It may as well be some piece of make believe like the dollar, made up by politicians and bankers. 
@_date: 2019-09-30 15:00:41
That has been argued by others smarter than me.
@_date: 2019-09-28 21:01:33
Well, person who assigns age and gender name-calling to people to feel better about yourself, I've never owned any crypto. 
Now we must all ask ourselves why you want you're assumptions to be true?
@_date: 2018-07-17 22:49:46
Can you have [Kurzgesagt]( on youtube make a video explaining this? lol
2000 bucks swing in value in 20 days. That's quite a swing. Why does someone else's actions affect the value of my bitcoin? Is the short answer to that question "well because... humans." Is this all a big fat game of "group think'? 
I thought crypto-currencies were supposed to be currency backed up by guaranteed scarcity derived from math and science, not value derived from a group of humans speculating on future possible value. So, so, so, so disappointing. 
@_date: 2019-09-30 14:00:39
That's why people call it a pyramid scheme. The early adopters cash out and the late adopters are left hodling the bag.
@_date: 2019-09-30 14:01:50
The banks never influence cyrpto-currencies. All those regulations stop them. /s
@_date: 2019-09-25 14:56:41
Correct. So was this primary true purpose of Bitcoin?
Too bad we can't ask the creator.
@_date: 2018-07-05 17:03:12
I feel like the short version of what you say is "it's a gamble until it's not". Which is true. I'm just pointing out the community should be pushing towards not being a volatile gamble. It's based on solid math and science but emotional humans are fucking it up. 
@_date: 2019-09-30 15:36:09
Slow down now, not everything is a scheme or a scam. Not all profit is someone else's loss. Now you sound Marxist. Lol
Any investment is a gamble of sorts. Some gambles are more transparent than others. All I'm saying is Bitcoin has transparency issues. You can see a 1.2 billion sell off, but you'll never know who or where it happened. That's the pool you're swimming in.
@_date: 2018-07-05 13:22:38
What you say is logical. But humans aren't logical. 
Billions of people use Fiat, that's what backs it. Their belief.  The guys in suits are just taking advantage of that belief. The guys in suits don't control fiat, they just use it for a position of advantage. Fiat doesn't swing double digit percent in value within days unless there is an obvious explanation that convinces those emotional non-logical billions it's worth more or less. Something obvious like a government coop/collapse or exposed wide spread fraud. 
Can anyone here give us an obvious undebatable explanation of why bitcoin went blow 6k recently? A 17% loss in 10 days. 
My theory is that emotional non-logical humans are fucking up a perfectly sound logical system. Probably a similar set of your "guys in suits doing funky shit" manipulating the system for their gain and everyone else's loss. 
If I'm a small business, like a restaurant lunch counter, if I bought my bread and meat 10 days ago with bitcoin, then the sandwiches I sell when it dips 17% lower in value, I sell at a loss when customers buy my sandwiches, especially when they buy with bitcoin. This would sink a small business. 
Average people won't adopt a currency that is this volatile. It's only attracting risk takers, gamblers, and get rich quick schemers, basically wall street wanna-be's. It's gotta have some emotionally obvious advantage over fiat if you want the majority to adopt. One of those emotional things has to be perceived stability in value. Historically Fiat only fails when government and infrastructure fail. If a war or other major catastrophe wipes out fiat, it will wipe out the energy and information network that crypto depends on too. The community needs a better strategy than "waiting for fiat to fail".
I think this community should be discussing how to make bitcoin value stable and not just meme-ing when it goes up or down. 
For a logic based math system with predictable scarcity and transparent transactions, the community that claims to support that system should be furious that it's not stable and be seeking out the reasons why. 
@_date: 2019-09-25 18:45:33
Do you think it's impossible to build a crypto system where the value wasn't dependent on human behavior. Some kind of ledger that would only allow transfer of 'coins' in values mathematically derived from exactly how scarce the coins in the transactions are?
I guess it could never control how many coins a hamburger would cost. McDonald's could charge 1 coin today and 200 tomorrow based on the same human behaviors of belief in value. Hmmm. It could be controlled inside the system, but movement in or out to other currencies or commodities not sure how that could be mathematically controlled. It is a fascinating puzzle.
@_date: 2019-09-25 09:25:00
Yeah. When the guy with 1.2 billion decides to get back on the sucker roller coaster at a low point making gains off all the chump's losses. Hurrah for Unregulated!
@_date: 2019-09-02 19:00:09
Digital currency has just become another thing that those obsessed with wealth want to horde and manipulate.
@_date: 2019-09-25 09:29:49
It's not poker. Those "weak hands" just stay on the rollercoaster and never get off and then sit in forums like this one and pat each other on the back. while the same rich people who dominate fiat rollercoasters  laugh and laugh and laugh and say "oh. They're gonna stay on again? Ok, let's just run up my personal points score another 1.2 billion." That's not a card game. That's smart people taking severe advantage of the deluded.
The super wealthy are making so much money off this pattern now I wouldn't be surprised if they aren't paying marketing agents millions to come to these forums and pump them full of "HODL! Don't listen to the FUD! HODL! Fiat will die soon! HODL!" memes and comments. I mean surely they couldn't gain from furthering the delusion.
Reminds me of [other groups]( of isolated loners who sit in online echo chambers with their own secret language and catastrophizing point of view that blames society for all their problems.
@_date: 2019-09-26 14:23:24
Ok. But that doesn't describe a revolution either. You basically said problems exist but they aren't as hidden as other markets. 
The other manipulation I'm talking about is the illogical group think that is reinforced by HODLs in forums like this one. It's a peer pressure that reinforces doing nothing except buying more. Anyone that suggests "Hey why don't you set a percentage increase as a sell point. There's opportunities to make 20% often. Then after your sale, set a percentage decrease to buy back in (buy the dip). Take a percentage of that profit and move it to another savings market. Don't let the whole bet ride after every spin. After you've back in, set a new percentage increase sell point, wash rinse repeat. Each repeat you increased your stake more than HODLing amd also diversified part of it to safer bets." This is what I would call common sense investment a.k.a. buy low sell high.
But voices that suggest this very old safe strategy get drummed out of here and down voted. So much so that those common sense voices don't exist in this space anymore. I am claiming that there are trolls that are reinforcing this manipulation for the purpose of mayhem and general power tripping when they see all the emotions that arise during a dump. It's a similar behvioral manipulation that's being seen in incell groups,  anti-vaxx, flat-earthers, political extremists, vanity addicts, and more. Peer pressure makes the isolationist warped point of view take on a life of it's own. Usually first as dark humor, meme humor, but then adopted as core ideology. People pick up the banner and run with it.
 I don't know you personally well enough, but I hope you have enough self awareness of when you are walking into a peer pressure group that isn't making sense anymore.
@_date: 2019-09-25 15:15:13
Yeah exactly. But the original intent of that game character login wasn't wealth manipulation and behavioral manipulation. That's all I'm saying. If the goal of bitcoin was a new functional currency then the author wouldn't have hid his identity.  He would defend it. And there are ways to build controls into such a system to prevent what's happening and he didn't. If the kool aid tastes funny, don't drink it.
@_date: 2019-09-25 16:08:18
I'm not acting like I know his intent. I'm pointing out it's impossible to know because he is unknown and hidden. I'm just a healthy skeptic defending my point of view.
@_date: 2019-09-25 11:20:22
I think the math behind it all is very solid. The exact rarity can calculated by how many coins exist. I think there are two big flaws that could be corrected in future alternatives.
One, Anonymity. We can see the transactions, but we don't know who or where it's happening. An online currency system like this could be built where identity and or location must be a part of your wallet or even your coins while you hold them. That would remove a LOT of random uncertainty from the system. It would allow various governments to tax or control what happens to their citizens who participate. And give law enforcement a way to prevent laundering and other criminal shenanigans.
Two, currently the value just like fiat is determined not by math, but by group think. It's worth exactly what people BELIEVE it's worth. The system could be built to only let transactions happen that exactly match the exact value of the exact rarity of that amount in real time. But that's not how Bitcoin or any of them seem to be designed. They all want this randomness and unpredictable belief based system because that becomes a get rich quick pyramid scheme that they got in on at the ground floor.
If a new alternative was built addressing these two obvious flaws, I think a more stable currency, a system that people could actually logically trust, is possible. I have been so fascinated by this phenomenon because i do think it's historic, but I still haven't ever bought any crypto because I don't trust it. I am too risk adverse. It's the same part of my brain that keeps me out of casinos. I can mathematically logically see the house advantage. Why would I play that game? And I'm too much of a goody goody to take advantage of people who have been tricked.
@_date: 2019-09-25 16:05:30
I'm talking about the behaviors driving the trades and the people that don't trade at all. How the goal was once a usable trusted currency but now it's just dollars dollars dollars. Don't you find that ironic? People who claim this will all one day kill fiat but then emotionally cope and obsess about it's value in terms of line graphs defined in fiat. 
You must admit that it's not good for adoption, for becomeing a reliable currency, when the value swings the amount of a cheap used car or large TV in one day. HODL used to be about waiting for it to become reliable currency. Now it's about .... get rich ~~quick~~ slow?
@_date: 2019-09-26 22:36:23
Thanks. I'll read it. I'm not worried about all investors per se. I'm worried that some of the people caught up in HODLing are just running in a herd peer pressure group. 
 I still just don't trust something as a whole that lacks so much transparency and find it ironic that the ledger is public but not the participants. I've probably just been reading too much game theory but I can't dismiss at least 3 different scenarios where that anonymity is not benign. I'm just a skeptic that still sits in awe of so many voices saying basically "death to fiat based on group think and the fat cats who dominate it!" while bitcoin is a system who's value is driven by group think (belief) and fat cats dominate it (as evidenced by this post we are all commenting on). Then I'm the bad guy for pointing out the obvious contradiction.
@_date: 2019-09-26 13:35:53
Now if you would just sell after a reasonable percent increase in between each dip, then you'd make way more money than HODLing, that would make the chart more fixed and it wouldn't matter if the larger time line trend was up or down.
@_date: 2019-09-25 20:00:47
Oo! That looks juicy. Thanks for the good read.
@_date: 2019-09-25 09:48:21
Only a fool doesn't recognize a repeated pattern.
@_date: 2019-09-25 19:52:06
You assume his original intent is his only intent? (Is what I'm getting at). I guess he doesn't take part in any discussion anymore? Why do you think that is?
I really don't know. As I've said elsewhere I'm a casual observer who owns no crypto but I'm always amazed at the responses that don't make sense to me at times when the evidence of fat cat manipulation is presented. It reminds me of other online communities steeped in denial, anti-vax, political extremists, flat-earthers, and many more.
@_date: 2019-09-30 14:52:31
Oh no
Semantics! 
Lol. It is also called that too. It is called many things.
@_date: 2018-07-18 00:57:23
A 20 day two thousand dollar swing in value and you call it less susceptible to manipulation. LOL!!!!!
This is a terrible delusion people need to wake up from. Just because a computer makes something and not a politician doesn't make it automatically better. You even said yourself, the value is controlled by a group delusion. 
@_date: 2019-09-25 15:40:16
Mmmm that confirmation bias tastes good. ::rolls eyes:: I mean not everyone who hides their identity has something to hide. Just like creators and authors of great works never defend their creations and passions. ::more eye rolling:: lol I mean no one has been hurt or tricked by this so it must be a beign force of good in the world! ::eyes fall out from all the rolling::
It is not presumptuous to point out flaws in new tech and suggest improvements. That USED to be what forums like this were about. Now, just greed and speculation. And anyone who steps in here and points out how unstable it all is, they get called a presumptuous "Chad" by a bunch of "incels".
@_date: 2018-07-18 00:48:48
And how does that make it any better or worse than fiat? 
It Doesn't. It may as well be some piece of make believe like the dollar, made up by politicians and bankers. 
@_date: 2019-09-25 11:10:25


mathematically speaking, there is a difference in value between a high point and a low point. If you stay on and go to the low point, that's a loss between those two points. But the person that got on at a low point, gets off at the high point makes a gain. The transfer of wealth isn't direct, but it is indirect. The HODL lost potential wealth when the high rider let them take the fall. Now it is true, that the HODL hasn't lost any "real money" till he leaves and if he leaves higher than his starting point, then that's a gain. But it is also true that the high riders can't make bank if the HODL doesn't stick around to make the ride exist. The high riders make money off people who don't sell by taking away the potential wealth from the system that the HODL left on the table. The high rider removes potential wealth from this system and makes it "real" by moving it to a more stable value system like the dollar or some other less volatile market.
I have lost zero wealth in Bitcoin because I have never invested in cyrpto. I am not bitter. I am a low risk individual and have not lost money anywhere, but I ain't buying lambos either. I don't want lambos. I'm a child of the Fight Club generation, the shit you own, owns you. It's not what you make in life, it's what you spend. It's what control and awareness you have over your own compulsions that creates or destroys happiness.
I am very logical. I'm just very frustrated that people can't see the logical pattern in trading, the logical patterns in behaviors. That people can't see the isolated cult like language and comments that reinforce HODLing. I am also frustrated seeing people sucked into this unique phenomenon, a repeating behavior phenomenon I see in many groups. 
I understand the crypto system and the math behind it all. I am disappointed that the value, which mathematically can be derived by exactly how many bitcoins exist, a rarity that can be calculated exactly isn't what determines its 'real' value. What really determines its value is the same as fiat: Blind Group Think. It's worth what everyone BELIEVES it's worth. 
Plus I don't trust that the author and creator of this project because they chose to be anonymous. Because they chose to keep the entire system anonymous. We can all see what transactions happen, but not for who and not where. That's not an accident. 
For all we know it could be..... let's see... if we wanted to attack "the west" how could we lure them into an economic failure trap? Hmmm. Well evidence from the last few financial meltdowns indicates that there are some greedy ass capitalists who will put their entire system at risk for personal gain. Hmm. So what if we created an unregulated market, a financial playground free of rules, that's what they really want. But we control the playground. Make the author sound asian, yeah, that's the ticket. Everybody sees them as smart. Then get nerds to start using it because it's cool and geeky and counterculture and all that shit. Then when the big whales can't resist it and start sinking a majority of their wealth into the system, boom, auto-destruct. Flush all that wealth, crash all those economies, destroy what we hate. Chaos is a ladder.
I know that sounds conspiratorial, but I can't find any evidence to disprove it either. I remain a skeptic. The entire system could have more trust built into it by tying real identity to who holds the wealth. That would solve a LOT of this uncertainty. That would give governments a reasonable way to tax and regulate wealth that moves through it in their borders with their citizens. That would have made the perceived value WAY more stable. But it was designed exactly NOT to do this. And like I said, that's not an accident. And as a skeptic, I have to consider that. 
There are lots of such behavioral lures that have been built online that target a variety of compulsive human behaviors with a purpose of control and manipulation. Corporate, shopping, vanity, political, even stupid phone games, there are many. This one is financial. It is an irresistible lure to people who have compulsive behavior problems in this area of gambling and money hording and manipulation. The HOLD community fit a very distinct profile. And the ride wouldn't exist without them and their belief.
@_date: 2019-09-25 17:15:01
No, I didn't say it was dying soon. As long as people keep in the system it will continue. You're now arguing about things I didn't claim. 
Bitcoin doesn't "give" anything to anyone. My complaints are unstable value that is clearly manipulated by wealth hoarders. The system as it stands doesn't have any protections against that. It could be changed or edited to prevent that. You could literally make valid transactions based on the exactly calculated mathematical value derived from its exact rarity which the system keeps track of and makes public knowledge. But it doesn't. I speculate there in lies the potential deception of it's creator.
@_date: 2019-09-25 17:17:25
But aren't you though. Telling me I'm doing and saying things I didn't.
@_date: 2019-09-25 17:04:34
Yeah but it's naive to believe what Anonymous writes demonstrates true intent. Some might even say presumptuous which is what you said about me assuming his intent. Lol. So now you can say that about yourself.
@_date: 2019-09-25 18:03:24
I didn't move any goal posts. I used your faulty logic against you sarcastically. Lol
@_date: 2019-09-25 12:10:55
I get what you are saying, but your own point demonstrates why bitcoin has become worse. What you say about fast connections is true, and that's a regulated market. So what are those same people doing in an unregulated market? You don't know because of all the anonymity. So why should I trust such a market? 
It's not about a "chance". That's the language of a gambler being used. I'm actually intrigued by the concept of a world wide online currency. But I don't trust any of the current variations of that concept. I have never bought any crypto. I haven't because they all just seem like get rich quick pyramid schemes, "Oh, if I had only gotten in when BTC was worth 10 bucks!" sounds very much like what people in Amway say about being higher up in the pyramid. So does all this "just HODL" long enough to get more people under you in the pyramid.
There are 2 improvements that could be changed in an alternative system to lock in value, build trust, and ACTUALLY create a viable currency that people used as a currency instead of using it as a get rich quick (or get rich slow) scheme. see my other comments in this thread if you are interested. 
I am disappointed the discussions in crypto is no longer about creating a viable TRUSTED usable currency system. A discussion about eliminating flaws and improving systems. Instead, it's just degraded to this whole wealth hording obsession, running up a video game score either fast or slow. Some people grind while others go directly to killing the dragon. It's just disappointing to see the technological and systematic design discussion just become this shallow behavioral manipulative meme bullshit that has infected everywhere else. All in the name of money.
@_date: 2019-09-26 19:05:26
That's probably true, but I'm talking about common sense safe strategies regardless of everything you've listed. Too bad that isn't the focus of most discussions.