@_author: jaephu
@_date: 2014-02-24 04:59:25
What's stopping people from just buying bitcoin on mtgox and selling on other exchanges to make a few hundred on the spread?
@_date: 2014-01-09 05:29:03
It's actually Goldman Sachs mining outfit!  
They will assimilate all!
@_date: 2016-01-06 14:48:20
Until they ban Bitcoin again lol
@_date: 2013-11-24 07:48:02
Some thoughts I've pondered about bitcoin not working:
* how would the economy have recovered from large financial crisises if the world was run by non-fiat currency?  ex. would it have been as bad as the great depression w/ the gold standard?
* I hate bank/credit card fees. I hate how banks make a killing lending me money for mortgages.  However, at the same time, I love the security blanket that guards my bank account and credit card.  I remember those buying BFL (butterfly labs - google it) miners and paying using Paypal.  After months/years worth of delay, they start complaining and running back to Paypal for a refund.  FYI, those that paid with bitcoin had no such luck as those that did get one.
* Although China's economy is growing like mad still, I am curious how the economy will do once manufacturing starts moving away to other countries.  Ex. I've been noticing more made in USA items, and I do have a gut belief that 3D printing and automation will drive manufacturing (probably not jobs) back to other countries.  Combined with US turning into probably the biggest producer of oil and natural gas, I think US $ will remain the safest investment.  Why is this important?  I think world reserves usually stick with the super power of the world (US).
I like the concept of bitcoin, but I dont think it will take off in everyday use until something like US, IMF, or some other governing body will create their own cyrptocurrency with the ability to print as they please.  The nice thing about cryptocurrency will be folks wont be able to conterfeit it (as easily) and other illegal activies will become more difficult with the tracking behind it.
I do admit though, the increase in value has tempted me to try and throw a bit of fiat coin at it.  That's the only reason for me...to make money, not to use it.  I like my extended product warranty of my credit cards, bank account guarantees from the bank and my government... and I live within my means (ex. no debt)!  
@_date: 2013-11-26 05:38:13
Oh hehe...baaaaappppppllllle!
@_date: 2013-11-20 15:16:05
Here's another perspective. 
Don't chase volatility, especially when the mass public is all over it (media). 
There are most likely other safe and liquid bets outside of bitcoin, but indirectly related.  
When risk is off (credit or bank crisis), people flood to gold and treasuries. When risk is on, people flood to equity (stocks).  For these assets, you can easily long and short them.
If you don't have some trading edge, follow the weekly and daily trends/charts. 
I'm not against bitcoin, but I do prefer safer bets at least for most of my piggy bank. 
Edit:  doctors right re: comment below
@_date: 2013-11-20 20:44:16
You're right!  Fixed! Thx
