@_author: jahebipa
@_date: 2014-03-01 06:06:38
Brute force get exponentially more difficult the fewer possibilities you can eliminate. But I worked with a cryptographer on a project many years ago where we tried to brute force various systems to test their security. What amazed me was small errors (read bugs) in implementations of encryption processes often allowed us to succeed in brute force attacks. If he has "lost" keys due to a software bug, that is a fault in the encryption process. Furthermore, it is worth pointing out that this might be something very simple to solve if for example key corruption resulted from a bug in the base 64 text encoding code. The thing with cryptography is that you only needed 1 bit to be wrong, and then nothing works. The only way you can find out what happened is by going through the code. 
Note I don't want people to get their hopes up over this. My view is that people need to mentally write off their Gox losses and accept anything that turns up later as a lovely surprise. The chances of resolution are slim in my view. But any possibility like this should be investigated urgently for the sake of completeness. Furthermore, everyone should demand they know what has happened, what is being done, and what was done. 
@_date: 2014-05-27 08:40:35
Let's hope not. I thought 600 USD was realistic but... you never can say
@_date: 2014-02-09 00:49:48
OMG this doesn't bear thinking about - for those who don't understand modern software development, with any kind of serious website or system, you develop against a test server. All the code you write has what is known as "test units" that immediately detect if a change you have made has introduced/re-introduced a bug. With complex systems, there is no other way to ensure reliability. That an exchange with literally millions and millions of dollars in funds residing on it (at least, if they are still there) is developed this way is TOTALLY INSANE.
So where are we with Gox? We know already that Gox has a CEO who isn't qualified for the position. We now know Gox has a technical infrastructure that is disastrously creaky and their engineers are incompetent too.
KEY QUESTION: if their management and R&amp;D practices are so bad, what the hell are their security practices like...???
We can imagine Karpeles frantically scrabbling around with this engineers: "they must be here somewhere"... "check that hard drive"... "must be a bug?"... "I thought you had the cold wallet?"
'Sum Ting Wong,' 'Ho Lee Fuk'... hacked? plane crash coming? This needs sorting.
URGENT MESSAGE TO "The Bitcoin Foundation": Karpeles is a board member. You have access. He is totally at sea. Convince him (1) to get a professional manager in to help deal with the situation before it gets even further out of hand - this idiocy has already destroyed more than a $1b of bitcoin capital (2) fly someone like Vitalik Buterin in ASAP to takeover technical management and try and get things working.
@_date: 2014-07-01 23:23:21
If you have long BTC positions, you won't want the world to discover the real price was $560 as it will cause a savage downwards market correction.
@_date: 2014-02-27 22:37:22
A gag order is indeed possible although of course any sane person would ignore such an order now given the situation. Given he is already f****d net it would obviously be better for Mark to improve the situation for Gox customers and bitcoin generally and try to regain some respect by speaking out. The only exception might be if he is working with the FBI in some positive way, for example to track down thieves, but I am skeptical. If you look at the man, it feels much more likely he is suffering some kind of mental breakdown and just can't deal with what has happened. He will be self deluding and deluded. The community needs his friends to go and talk to him. They need to report what has really happened, and then the community needs to start talking about ways forward.
There are ton of people out there who hope there can be some magical workings behind the scenes and this will all come out good. Unfortunately that is unlikely and what we actually need is transparency and openness. Only once everything is known can the community start exerting pressure for a solution in the right places so as to start getting results. 
I am not a conspiracy theorist, but I will say that the longer we go without finding out what has really happened, the greater the likelihood that, perhaps in the heat of the moment, bitcoin main players took actions that they fear could embroil them in the scandal. At the moment I do detect a lack of news of the form "such and such going to talk to Karpeles.." or "BTFC sending envoys...". This implies that either more is already known or fear of the above.
@_date: 2014-02-24 08:42:23
Re: Signs that Gox is insolvent. 
This CoinDesk article was not read enough at the time. It is written by a VC who was involved with online poker industry - which also had problems with withdrawal channels - and gives a really good analysis of why Gox is likely to be insolvent. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 02:16:21
He's saying there isn't a chance of recovery, but he is actually wrong. Let me explain. 
Key loss would have very likely occurred in this way:-
1. Mark creates software for creating wallets with key pairs
2. The software exports the private keys for later use
3. Mark deposits coin in the wallets and withdraws coin from the wallets no problem
4. Mark sees no reason to check this system. His development code does not have TestUnits to test for regression bugs when his code changes
5. A code change introduces a regression bug (something that wasn't there before)
6. Mark continues depositing coins into the wallets trusting that he has the private keys, but now the private keys that are being generated don't work
7. At some point he tries to retrieve the coin in cold storage but finds the keys don't work
8. Mark has also been hacked, and he finds it less embarrassing to blame the thief for taking *all* the coins. It is a great way out.
So is all lost now? If has "lost" the private keys is the conventional sense it is computationally infeasible to find the keys by brute force and get the coin back.
However, if the loss scenario described above is correct, not necessarily. Specifically, if he has access to the code changes that caused the regression bug, then very likely it might be possible for a good cryptographer to brute force the keys with *much less work* than otherwise needed by using the faulty keys and knowledge about how they were generated as a starting point. Given the amount of money at stake, half of AWS could be put to work doing this. 
Because there are outlier possibilities like this, it is essential that the BTFC and bitcoin main players who have access to him such as Roger Ver get on a frigging plane and work out exactly what has happened (and then report what has happened to the world).
Karpeles quotes such as "Well technically they’re not ‘lost’ just yet, just temporarily unavailable" do offer a little hope and it is their responsibility to investigate ASAP for the sake of bitcoin. 
I am this guy 
EDIT I might make this into a post
@_date: 2014-03-03 01:43:04
Crypto currencies really are very much "hairy chested" investments but there is still dramatic potential upside with bitcoin. My estimates for year end are $200-$4000. Unless you are a pro trader willing to play the hills and valleys best thing to do is try and accept you will may have to wait 6-8 months to see $900 again. I would decide if you have a stop loss point e.g. $400 and then try and stick with it
@_date: 2014-03-01 04:57:04
Ditto. Mark may not have the necessary encryption and/or software skills to fix this. In fact, we know from people inside Gox that the software engineering setup is extremely backward. Furthermore, even if he did, a man under that much pressure is not the one to be doing the reverse engineering (and in fact, it should not be one, but several experts). Added a comment below that explains how an easily missed problem with base 64 encoding might be trivial to fix. These kinds of possibilities need investigating and urgently even though nobody should get their hopes up.
@_date: 2014-02-07 02:28:30
The Russian government is an oligarchy of jerks. Nobody should worry about this. In fact I would argue it is good - what right thinking government would want to ban bitcoin now and follow in Putin's footsteps?
@_date: 2014-07-01 01:35:51
Guys seriously.. this is all price manipulation!
The only confirmed bids - admittedly they were losing bids - were around $450. Most people try and get cheap deals in a sealed bids auctions. Remember that when the bidding took place the market price wasn't far above $570. True some parties may have decided to pay a premium to acquire a large block off market, but $70 above market.. that seems pretty absurd. Probably $620 is the highest those blocks could have gone for, and most likely they went for *less*.
Just think, you can buy large blocks of BTC off market from big miners at or slightly below the market price. You can go to Bitme.com and ask them to buy them for you. Why then would people choose to bid way above the market price in an auction where they hope to get a cheap deal - notwithstanding there are plenty of stupid people out there.
The market price should fall, although it probably won't ;) ... the fact that nobody is piping up and saying "I won at this price" is all you need to know that they sold for less than the market price.
@_date: 2014-03-01 04:06:03
Hi look I think the important point is that while on the one hand people should recognize that there is a 97%+ chance these coins are gone, there are some credible scenarios such as the one described that might allow some coins to be retrieved. Because the stakes are so high, we should not delay investigating to determine whether this is the case. In particular, if the possibility I describe has occurred, if the faulty code and/or broken keys are lost it would make it much harder or impossible to retrieve the coins. Since this scenario and even others are possible,  the BTFC and main players need to investigate and/or facilitate investigation by experts ASAP. There are numerous people in the bitcoin space including myself with deep engineering backgrounds who would descend on this problem given a chance. 
What I would like to do is (1) point out that there is at least a sliver of a chance of improving the situation by taking certain actions (2) rally some pressure on the BTFC and main players to follow up. Nobody should raise false hopes, nor have false hopes, but for reasons of completeness I think it is reasonable to demand we exhaust all possible lines that might help the situation.
@_date: 2014-03-01 04:35:42
I think a lot of the problem is that nobody wants to get associated/tainted with this. Karpeles contacted Roger Ver at the weekend and they had a long chat. Many others were also contacted by Mark that early on too. Most people just ran a mile (and - another topic - there will be fallout from who knew what and why disclosure didn't occur earlier). It would have been better if they took Mark under their wing, arranged an immediate press conference for last Monday, and started working with him to investigate solutions. We should have been listening to the findings rather than watching Mark doing his performance on TV. But anyway that is in the past, what is necessary now is that they get on with performing an investigation to (1) discover if any of these slim possibilities for recovery are viable (2) at least set the record straight so people can stop spinning on the topic. This should be performed by the world's top experts not "experts" appointed by the bankruptcy courts.  
@_date: 2014-02-28 00:08:36
I am a pro trader managing a crypto fund and am linked to other pro traders (I am this guy 
We were locked to our screens for days before the announcement because of strange behavior where whale(s) were continually dumping &amp; depressing the market "artificially". The most obvious example was the 10k coin sell wall that appeared and was later dumped straight on the order book when only half got eaten through (see BitcoinWisdom Feb 14 2am GMT on Stamp). This was just the least subtle of many many signs that were giving us sleepless night.
Two main points:-
1/ It would be a miracle if this was not happening, as the management/corporate finance consultants Karpeles hired knew ahead of time, and then he approached the BTFC and numerous main players asking for a bailout. Many of those main players forbid their staff from trading for a grace period, but now how many of their staff would have told their friends something big was coming and they were forbidden from trading..? the bottom line is that insider trading was inevitable in this situation, which makes the lack of openness and transparency that allowed this to happen an absolute disgrace. That a large number of bitcoin main players chose not to share what they knew upon learning it is hugely regrettable and damaging (cue the excuses about NDAs and other things, but everyone knows Gox would not have been able to enforce them in this situation - the bottom line is that things did not go go well at all)
2/ The insiders did gain huge benefits from trading on their inside knowledge, but ironically perhaps not as much as many would have expected because the failure of Gox had been already been priced in more than many realized. In our case, we had no insider knowledge, but quickly opened shorts when seeing the PPT. We did not maximize our profits because we did not close them soon enough, expecting the price to go well below 400. More the fool us and more the glory of bitcoin!! I just hope that the insiders made similar mistakes but on balance of course they will still have gained from what they knew which makes it even more unacceptable that BTFC and main players didn't share the information as soon as they had it. Lack of openness and transparency, and suppression of key information, have become mainstays of this whole crisis. It is something we as a community need to address very seriously.
@_date: 2014-02-27 01:16:44
I would translate "American" as "what America wants to be, the pursuit of freedom, etc...". Un-American is simply the opposite. To me Manchin is very reminiscent of late Senator Joe McCarthy, which history now remembers as a very bad Amercian. McCarthy gained personal importance by scare mongering about the dangers of dictator-led and nuclear-armed Soviet Russia and then locking up innocent people in communist witch hunts. It will be hard for Manchin to achieve the same gains in personal importance by attacking bitcoin, but he will continue trying to take what he can. As a community we need to make our best efforts to reveal his publicity seeking and self serving demagoguery for what it is.
@_date: 2014-07-01 22:58:50
EDIT down-voting-FUD-screamers ;) please read the referenced analysis &amp; remember what you read here when the details are released by USMS
Real price was almost certainly significantly *below $600*.
I am a huge Bitcoin supporter and work full time in crypto industry but.. some of the math people are using to calculate $665 is just plain silly.
What has happened is that the USMS sale has acted as a catalyst for a massive pump encouraged by those with vested interests. The only failed bids we have had *confirmed* were around $450. My guess is the USMS won't release the winning bid now because they're worried about being blamed for a market correction. In fact, it will be better for long BTC positions if they hold off revealing the price until they are forced to do so by a freedom of information request, by which time it may not matter any more.
If you want a solid, informed and rigorous analysis of the likely final price read 
They suggest $525... I would guess higher, but.. no more fantasy please ;)
@_date: 2014-02-21 21:02:59
nullc firstly huge thanks for all your massive contributions to bitcoin. I really hope worries about your words contributing to FUD doesn't distract you. 
I want to say though that in this case I believe it was completely reasonable and useful for Kerrai to post the IRC excerpt. I also think you shouldn't worry too much about it either. I will try and explain why. 
There is a common misconception in the community that traders sharing scary data and/or well founded scary speculation is being done for reasons of price manipulation or just to create FUD for its own sake.
This is actually a really important point worth digging into. Before getting into specifics, I would like to share my view Kerrai is not playing the TrollBox game and in fact cares deeply about bitcoin. While professional traders benefit from volatility most are actually sharing this stuff with the community to help *reduce* volatility because we care about the long term health of the markets. Let me explain how this works.
All markets hate uncertainty. The more uncertainty there is, the greater the volatility, and confidence is also sapped the longer it exists. Uncertainty is reduced by knowing the real possibilities, even when they manifest as scary speculation, because it helps you make decisions with confidence. 
This point of view is somewhat counterintuitive I know. But consider this. Currently not many people realize that Gox was doing automatic reissues and that it might be reasonably conjectured that if the problem were going on for some time, and their controls were loose enough, that they might even have been pulling reserves from cold storage to refill their hot wallet, say. Now imagine that this crazy speculation turns out to be correct, and that when it comes out - as everything must in the end - traders and investors discover that a small group of people realized this all along and that they were unreasonably confident because they did not also have the knowledge. Their level of confidence and thus the consistency of their behavior will be diminished. They will wish to hold bitcoin for even shorter periods of time in case they get caught by some other looming disaster that they cannot evaluate the potential for. Volatility will increase. The market will be depressed. This is the reason sharing data points on this kind of thing is a net positive. 
IMHO having Gox opt for secrecy rather than transparency and openness and continuing to kick the can down the road is a disaster. It would have been far better if, upon realizing what might have happened, that Gox simply halted trading, made an announcement regarding the situation and set a timetable for reindexing and resolution of the problem one way or another. Of course, there would have been a severe market reaction, but the fact is that the sum total of volatility and damage to the market would have been far less. Instead the market has/is being subjected to prolonged uncertainty, traders stuck on Gox have been subjected to ridiculous Sophie's Choice style trading decisions and yet we as a market will still get full beans volatility when the saga ends i.e. this is a net loss.
The only way to counterbalance this is specifically by sharing critical data points and well founded (please note "well founded") conjecture and speculation no matter how scary. As a core developer nullc you have other things to worry about but if a trader picks up on something you have said on IRC and shares it with the community to draw attention to what many will consider valuable information, you should not be too worried either. Yes the possibility of Gox having lost significant funds is price negative but counterintuitively sharing supporting information will reduce volatility and be price positive in the future. 
Finally - and this adds to an already long post I apologize - I think as a community we need to really think about what the "This is actually good news" joke alludes to. When I started posting on BitcoinMarkets explaining how a run on fiat was developing immediately after the withdrawal suspension, I drew some heavy flak and was even censored by the moderators for being too speculative. Another post reiterating what was happening and asking for a response from Karpeles was even deleted after it rocketed to the top of the Hot list in an hour. Looking back I think it was super regrettable that information about what was happening was suppressed for the stated reason it was too speculative (and of course it was speculation at that time but I presented solid logical arguments that meant it was well founded). How can this have done any good? The run on fiat still happened and BTC now sits at $120. It just meant those looking for answers couldn't find them when they needed them, which again will work out as a net negative.
My view is that as a community we have a difficult job. Yes we need to come down hard on people creating false news to manipulate the markets. But we also have to be careful not to attack messengers drawing attention to uncomfortable data points because that is actually a completely different thing. We need to remember that the content of the concerns is what causes the problems and that counterintuitive though it may be sharing data points on them is beneficial. 
I am this guy 
@_date: 2014-03-01 04:16:24
Agreed. But it would be nice to hear from BTFC that a recovery team has at least been deployed and there is a plan to pursue possibilities like this. Currently the prevailing view seems to be that no such possibilities exist. 
@_date: 2014-02-27 22:14:18


The only thing we can be sure of is there is an absolutely horrible lack of openness and transparency going on, which needs to end immediately now so many people have apparently lost so much.
Having said that, FWIW my take on the document is that it is real, but that it doesn't negate these other theories. I believe that Mark K roughly knew about the problems and hired corporate finance advisers to find investors, which would enable him to continue kicking the can down the road with new capital, hence the Europe Business Plan. During this time, he either ran out of time or confirmed/faced up to the scale of this hole and asked his advisers for a different sort of help. Being on his pay roll and enjoying the adventure, they created the rather horrifying PPT we have all seen with the redacted balance sheet.  At some point Mark started contacting people within the industry looking for a bailout, the cat got out of the bag, and TBI started receiving leaked info including the PPT. 
In all this, you can be sure Mark Karpeles is on the edge of his sanity with stress. If you look at the Madoff family, Bernie M is dying of cancer in prison, his eldest son just committed suicide, and his other son has just been diagnosed with cancer too. Although Mark has brought catastrophe on a lot of people, we should be in no doubt that perhaps the biggest catastrophe will befall him. He has lost is reputation, his money and possibly soon his liberty. His weight has ballooned. This is just the start. If people who have lost money on Gox have their heads in the sand, imagine what Mark might be doing. 
Mark is probably the only one who really knows what happened. But even he may not. Upon realizing he had lost coin, his mind might have literally closed down leaving him unable to act properly. He may have lost private keys but out of shame seized on the idea all the bitcoin were stolen. Who knows - what we now need is for his friends to contact him, talk him down from his position, and start piecing together exactly what has happened. 
It may be that when this happens, we discover there is some good news. Maybe he has simply lost the private keys because of a script that generated key pairs with an invalid private key, and by examining the faulty source code retrieved from a backup we can devise a brute force attack to retrieve the real private keys in a manner that is computationally feasible by leveraging half of AWS (this would be the best outcome by far of course!!!).
*But until someone talks Karpeles down from his position of silence, nobody is going to know anything really. Pressuring people who have relationships with Karpeles to get him to allow them to audit what he thinks or claims is the problem is the way forwards. All of this should be done with honesty, openness and transparency. This is essential for bitcoin IMHO.*
Note I try and tweet credible news when I catch it early. I am this guy 
@_date: 2014-06-30 23:17:56
@_date: 2014-06-30 23:11:03
USMS should release the numbers because otherwise they are giving bidders an upper hand in the markets.
If I had to make a guess, would assume that the lots went below the current market price otherwise insiders would be buying like crazy
@_date: 2014-03-01 04:41:14
There are plenty of experts out there that are 100% trustworthy so no worries there. In the banking sector for example traders, engineers and accountants often have indirect access to hundreds of millions (because once you have a stable life with house, kids etc, the last thing anyone wants is find themselves living on the run).
@_date: 2014-02-27 23:32:58
Yes fair enough this is conceivable if for example the FBI convinced him if he did not cooperate he would be tried as the world's biggest money launderer because of Silk Road or something. I am skeptical though this wouldn't have come out somehow and/or that the FBI would continue down this path realizing what was occurring in the markets as a direct result of their actions. If this is what has happened, numerous people will have reason to become very radical and anti-establishment. Nothing like it would have been seen since the 60s. But to use nullc's phrase, I would say this explanation fits into the high entropy category, although it exists in the universe of possibilities. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 23:31:56
Great article Ben. Senator Joe Manchin can only be described as foul for trying to use bitcoin for a pathetic publicity stunt right now.  As a community we need to debunk his nonsense hard. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 04:46:32
No this is only correct if he "lost" the private keys e.g. mislaid the USB drive. 
Imagine instead that a simple bug appeared in his base 64 encoding code that converted the raw bytes of his generated encryption keys into text for copy/pasting or printing. For example, we might discover that the problem was as simple as the trailing character being omitted. In this situation it would be trivial to re-generate the correct private keys. 
In fact the full spectrum of engineering possibilities exists from easy to re-generate, to hard to discover/re-generate, to impossible. 
FWIW I have a strong CS/software engineering background. Feel free to check out my bio on LinkedIn.
@_date: 2014-03-01 03:43:01
Yes thanks - typo now corrected!
@_date: 2014-03-01 02:03:35
Seriously... not as crazy as you might think. He's a french guy living in Tokyo which is already tough. Then there's the fact that somehow he's lost 850,000BTC.. he could have been living with the knowledge that he was running a fractional reserve after losing significant coins in 2011 and the stress would have been eating at his brain. This is why the BTFC and main players who know him desperately need to go and investigate what the fuck has happened ASAP. I can't believe this hasn't happened - for example Roger Ver talked to Mark Karpeles at length last weekend before all this came out. He now needs to get on a frigging plane and go and establish and then report what exactly has really happened for the sake of bitcoin (and all those who lost coin or fiat there)
@_date: 2014-02-24 07:23:36
If you need to ask what is required, you won't be the entrepreneur to do it ;-) It is a major undertaking
@_date: 2014-01-15 20:23:42
Hmm another FUD session? Lots of things can make bitcoin crash including a butterfly flapping its wings and making a whale dump but...
* Coinbase Restrictions. I've just logged in and it allows me to buy 10 bitcoins if I want (I'm a trader but I use Coinbase as a convenient BTC wallet).
* Chinese New Year Liquidity Crunch.  Urmm.. I think you'll find the traders keep working because they like money. Did you stop over Christmas and New Year? I didn't.
* Ross Ulbricht's stash. The FBI always auctions confiscated property, and this usually happens after conviction. DPR's stash will likely be bought by a BTC fund who will certainly not want to dump it all on the market.
@_date: 2014-07-01 23:13:04
The maths doesn't work the way you are applying it. 
Checkout a proper analysis 
@_date: 2014-03-01 05:13:14
Hi jedunnigan I agree with and understand all your concerns and points. The thing is there is a very fine line between raising unrealistic hopes and trying to continue the fight where it is warranted.
There are a lot of folks out there who assume that lost keys necessarily means irrevocably lost coins. Because bitcoin is designed to be unbreakable without the keys to a wallet, this is understandable and I wonder how many main players who have access to Karpeles believe the same thing. But the fact is that if "lost" actually means "corrupted" due to a software bug, the situation is not nearly so clear cut if the corrupted keys and original code is held. 
I absolutely agree that people who have lost coin should not be entertaining these kinds of possibility to fill their time. I wish I wasn't having to drum up the idea here. Those hurt by Gox would be better off trying to come to terms with their losses and being pleasantly surprised if by incredible chance a task force of experts turns something up. *But* they should expect that task force to exist and understand there are things that it should be doing. 
My hope with this post is that (1) I can reinforce there are lines of inquiry that we should be pursuing, and to explain in particular how if keys are "lost" this may or may not be final depending on how and (2) perform some activism to pressure the BTFC and main players to create a task force of experts to start investigating this and other possibilities and/or uncover and share what actually happened.
In respect to those hurt by Gox, my instinct is that they will not be able to move on until they know all realistic avenues for finding solutions have or are being tried anyway and - this is crucial - we finally get openness and transparency about exactly what has expired. For this we need a team of experts to talk to Mark.
@_date: 2014-03-03 02:02:32
Concur totally with all you say.
Hopefully Gox was the worse risk - we have just discovered Mark Karpeles was already a convicted fraudster when he started Gox by his own word (see  but -
The anonymity of the BTC-e owners means they could be fraudsters too for all we know. Furthermore, as you describe they will likely be on the FBI's wanted lists due to Silk Road and other connections, and it is hard to imagine there wouldn't be some kind of interruption to service and/or coin loss if the they got their hands on them.
As the bitcoin community digs deeper into the Gox disaster, and people realize they were entrusting their life savings to a fraudster, very likely they will start to demand more openness and transparency from their exchange operators. The point about exchanges (at least today) is that they are not decentralized like bitcoin itself, and you have to trust the operators with your funds. If the community decides that BTC-e is a major risk and funds start leaving to other exchanges, or BTC-e loses its fiat channels, we may see another run on bitcoin there like we saw on Gox driving up the price. This will profoundly destabilize BTC-e and flush out any hidden problems. 
Only BTC-e can fix this by becoming more open and transparent.
@_date: 2014-06-30 21:45:36
Yawn. Would be nice if some of these guys started sharing their insights into the price. Barry Silbert tweeting up the "to the moon prospects" is just plain irresponsible. Personally doubtful winning bid more than 5% above the market price, which means $625-630 is where price should be now. Feds, if you are listening, which you are not, stopping giving people privileged market information and share the winning price immediately!! Duh
@_date: 2014-03-01 03:48:11
I think the thing is, unless this is investigated, we won't know. This *could* be relatively simple to resolve - his code might have just accidentally included a trailing newline in a hash or otherwise messed up the padding. I did a lot of coding with Wei Dai's Crypto++ library back in 1997-2000. I remember that library as some of the most elegant code I ever saw but even with that when you are passing keys around and converting from byte array to base 64 and back it's easy to make a simple mistake that completely stops your crypto from working. If Mark discovered his keys weren't working it's likely his brain would have shutdown due to the stakes being so high and he may have missed something simple. It might also be something complex that requires a crypto genius and half of AWS to solve. It might also be unsolvable. Or it might really all be theft anyway. The only thing that's clear is we need a thorough investigation and time is of the essence. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 23:11:00
Forget the claims about high IQ. Fraudsters nearly always claim some special ability to blind others to what they are up to and they also often genuinely believe they are special and therefore don't have to follow the normal rules. If what this Le Journal article indicates is correct, and he left France after accusations of computer fraud, it has just become *much* more likely that fraud has occurred here, because it shows that he has a disposition to dishonest behavior and deceit. 
Speaking frankly, what I think this is beginning to look like is that he was selling his own customer's bitcoins to fund his operation in the early days when they were worth, say, $1. As someone who has run many startups myself, I can assure you it doesn't take long to get through hundreds of thousands of $ (read hundreds of thousands of bitcoin). It may have been that he sold say 100,000 to cover operational expenses initially planning to pay them back. But the price started going up, so he sold more with the hope he could use the fiat to trade back into them when the price went down and clear the debt. Repeat that process a few times with the price rises we've seen and you've quickly lost 850,000 BTC. 
If this is true, he was effectively running a ponzi scheme where he needed new deposits to keep pace with withdrawals. This would correlate with withdrawal restrictions, the maintenance of high fees in the face of competition (designed to help him recoup the whole) etc. He would be our Bernie Madoff ahem
And ditto the guys who asked the question, how the f**k is this coming out now