@_author: jai1
@_date: 2014-04-01 02:48:32
This is a great point that I don't see people addressing normally. The mining of bitcoins is a huge waste of electricity (as well as the cost of creating custom hardware) which has to be funded by the selling of the new coins. Why do people think this is sustainable? This is something I've never got a satisfactory explanation for. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 12:27:50
Even if we assume there are no flaws, once we have a scalable quantum computer finding the private key from the full public key is trivial. And it seems like this (developing quantum computing) will not take anywhere near as long as the image suggests.
@_date: 2014-04-01 08:57:02
Not exactly though, because there is more computation being done than just managing the transactions would require. Because the value of bitcoin is so high, there are more people doing mining than would be required to just have the transactions being processed. The problem with this is what we have at the moment is a fixed price being paid which is greater than the cost of just doing the transactions would be. As mining has become more efficient this has basically meant all the overhead is spent on electricity and custom hardware. Now it is not impossible that in the future the number of transactions could increase to redress this balance, but as it stands the price of bitcoin is increasing faster and it looks like it will be a long way away, either way until that point is reached we are wasting this money on pointless computation. 
@_date: 2014-04-01 08:58:11
The difficulty increases with the essentially the processing power available, so if there are a lot of people mining we make it more difficult than it needs to be. 
@_date: 2014-03-29 16:08:32
People seem to forget this, the technology is awesome and provides a lot of opportunities to do things and may well grow into something huge, however this does not mean that bitcoin is a good investment. Bitcoin is just the first instance of it, and therefore it has an advantage, but there will be variations that improve on the idea, and at this point we don't know if someone will come up with another innovation which will have other advantages and make people adopt it over bitcoin. If you look at all the large experienced investors they are not buying bitcoin but companies that provide services for bitcoin users, this as because the things these companies learn will be usable on whichever variations turn up. 