@_author: jake_witmer
@_date: 2013-03-26 15:22:32
The primary function of the government is to allow organized networks of sociopaths to steal the most money possible from the rest of society, while maintaining the appearance of legitimacy.  The primary stated purpose of government is to protect individual rights, but this stated purpose is inconsistent with the real-world manifestation of government.  Why is this?  It's because of the nature of variety among human minds.  Many minds (sociopaths) contain no mirror neurons.  Mirror neurons are necessary for feelings of empathy (known as "conscience" by popular society, and under the common law).  When people possess mirror neurons to some degree, and they see something bad happen to someone else, their minds apply that pattern to their own body, at a lesser level, and they experience discomfort.  Most people experience this phenomenon, and are incentivized by it.
Sociopaths and their networks do not experience this phenomenon, and are not incentivized by it.  But all the other normal human drives are in place.  This makes sociopaths the apex predator of mankind.  This makes sociopathic networks successful parasites of the rest of mankind.
Sociopathic parasitism and control of existing political institutions is possible, because most people are (a) brain-structure-determined conformists, (b) trusting of claims of authority if the claim is also legitimized by a title, and (c) almost completely uneducated in basic matters of history, economics, and philosophy.  
Since sociopaths (those without conscience) comprise between 1-3% of males, and ~1% of females, there are more than enough of them to fill every office of government.  The counter-group to the sociopaths (a similarly small group) are known as "empaths."  However, there is not the same huge incentive placed on empaths to unite around libertarian (theft-preventing defensive) social networks, because the value of such networks is not fully-comprehended by uneducated people (and the sociopathic government is now in charge of educating the citizenry, via the underperforming government schools).  Therefore, the empaths and conformists who comprise the majority of society have taken a servile position to the sociopaths.
Those libertarians and futurists who believe that futurism (transhumanism, human-augmentation, radical life-extension, the singularity, etc.) or libertarianism (consistently-applied individual freedom) can survive without each other, are therefore delusional.  Organization is totally and completely necessary, because counter-organization is guaranteed.
Everything you possess (love, wealth, freedom, technology, a high standard of living) is due to your participation in a society based on radical minarchy. Moreover, it's not the "government" portion of that minarchy which contributes the value, it's the "lack of government" portion that contributes the value. The more this "anarchic vector" grows, the better your life is and will be.
The portion of your life that is free of sociopaths is the portion of your life that is "anarchy."  The portion of your life that is free from restrictions, commands, theft, abuses, violence, etc., is "anarchy."  Now, when sociopaths are restrained by law, they can be made to function as non-sociopaths.  And, many of them can be happy, productive, and non-threatening.  Thus, a legitimately-functioning government can be seen solely as a limit on the actions of sociopaths, and sociopathic actors.  All other functions of government are simply deceptive means for sociopaths to steal money from the productive by duping the conformist majority.
Libertarian engagement of politics means that you don't get anything for free.  (There's no such thing as a free lunch.  There's also no such thing as free security.)  If you want the system to be smarter, you have to teach the system, or properly incentivize it.  And this is where libertarians grotesquely fail, fail, and fail again.
Most libertarians do not support the Libertarian Party (FAIL).  Most libertarians do not support bitcoin, and do not teach others about bitcoin (FAIL).  Most libertarians are not well-armed (FAIL).  Most libertarians do not support jury rights activism (FAIL).  Any one of the prior important strategies might contribute equally to libertarian successes, and none of them need be pursued in isolation from the others.  They are all "mutually-inclusive" strategies.
The primary and resounding lesson of government, throughout the ages is that "It's easy to justify even the most extreme theft and murder against those who are perceived as being unlike the group that contains yourself."  Sociopaths and sociopathic networks take full advantage of this fact of prejudicial, stupid, conformist thinking.  The more the group that includes yourself is expanded to include other individuals, deserving of protection, the better off you will be.  The more you learn to distinguish between sociopathic actors and non-sociopathic actors, the better off you will be.  If you want to see a sociopathic actor, watch a policeman writing out traffic tickets, for offenses that didn't include an accident or physical harm to anyone or their property.  He's stealing, but his theft has been legalized.  If you don't want to risk your life by watching this on the roadways, go to court on a monday morning, and watch all the people getting their money stolen from them by the "judge" and "prosecutor."  That's the core feature of your government, in action.
So what can be done? Must we always fail, because libertarians don't like collective action?  
No.  It just means we need to learn the ideas behind cybernetics, and be more inclusive.  (In short, we, the libertarian future, need to learn from our Leftist history, as Hayek did.)  I think it's a good idea to buy bitcoins (or fractions of bitcoins) for those who don't currently own them.  A $10 investment today will give a neighbor a real stake in bitcoin, and a reason to talk with them tomorrow.  It will be a constructive lesson in de facto "politics."  ("Hey, did you see the news? Your $10 bitcoin investment is now worth $20!" and later, "Hey, did you see the news?  The $10 I gave you a year ago is now worth $1,000!"  At some point, they will care.  At some point, they will invest their own time and energy into following the value of the bitcoin.)  Hold their hand, take them to Mt. Gox, and create a wallet for them.  The Federal Reserve System cannot remain viable forever, because it is based on the laws that govern sociopathic networks.  Such networks are greedy eaters, but are unconcerned with the future.
Agorism is a good thing, to the extent it doesn't prohibit political participation.  The demand for "political relinquishment" is the only unfortunate inconsistency or nonsequitur in agorism.  Such an inconsistency was necessary for agorism's "branding," but now holds it back.  It's one reason why I prefer to call myself a voluntaryist libertarian, and to occupy the market-space of Harry Browne (  ), who was also a voluntaryist who participated in electoral politics (as the 1996, and 2000 Libertarian Party Presidential Candidate).  Participation in a system of varying intelligence levels is essential to shifting those education levels, and the emergent performance of the system, to a higher level.  Increased participation in emergent systems makes those systems behave more intelligently.
To this end, it's my hope that we have a more connected, more empathic, more loving, more libertarian future.  
All portions of this communication can be copied, edited, and retransmitted freely.
