@_author: jambocombo
@_date: 2019-06-08 08:33:44
Imagine having so little of a life that you choose to spend your time responding like Pavlov's dog with bitching about your misunderstandings of a webcomic creator's political views every time somebody posts a completely apolitical comic of theirs.
@_date: 2019-06-08 08:54:36
Yes, he "openly denied" it because he made a joke about it.
You live a sad, sad life. Have you ever considered getting a job or trying to have sex or something?
@_date: 2019-05-05 04:11:32


Militant nationalists? Donating to a gay Jewish man with a black husband?


His very act of speaking caused a riot? He said "Alright, let's riot!" and everybody rioted? Or the people who were opposed to him started the riot?


And I assume you think the same applies to leftists, Islamic organizations, anti-abortion organizations, etc.? You don't see how allowing an entire ideology's or opinion's financial and social standing to be entirely eliminated because a small minority of people that subscribe to it (or claim to anyway) have committed violence is severely ripe for abuse?


And rightists just inherently tend to be worse for business than leftists? And, once again, there's no likely bias in leftists from California deciding that?


Facebook, Twitter, etc. have had multiple similar articles written about them. Can you prove that this has caused any direct damage to their business?


Sounds like whatever lack of censorship they were practicing in the past is a small and likely irrelevant piece of the puzzle.


When and in what context did he say that? And how does this compare to New York Times staffer Sarah Jeong making genocidal tweets against men and white people? Do you think her banks should close her accounts?


Once again, who caused those riots?


Once again, when?


I thought it was only the extremists getting deplatformed? Now anybody who has been a demonstrative part of the alt-right (which probably includes anybody who ever supported Trump) should be? Which is it?


Because you're trying to claim an automatic and implicit connection between Milo and Alex Jones that you can't prove.


And Milo's responsible for that? And him having a Coinbase account could potentially lead to more pizza parlors being threatened? How? Has Milo declared his intention to fund more pizza attacks or what?
Also, the guy you're talking didn't shoot up anything. He took a gun into the place, but he also didn't fire a shot at anyone and was arrested peacefully.
If you can't even keep straight which violence actually has or hasn't happened, why should we trust you to determine who is a promoter of it?
@_date: 2019-05-05 03:30:38


And you don't see any potential bias in a bunch of leftists from California deciding who is an extreme conservative?
Besides what you're saying is transparently untrue anyway. Sargon's subreddit on this site was quarantined, and he is one of the extreme right's biggest punching bags for being too much of a "cu‍ck". Milo is also hated on the genuine extreme right for being a gay Jewish racemixer.


Those people commit actual crimes in real life, not just saying things you don't like online.
Once again, can you find any evidence of Milo planning, orchestrating, or committing any right-wing violence?
@_date: 2019-05-06 00:26:01
muh verdict
Keep ignoring the evidence.
@_date: 2019-05-19 12:38:01
I would say thank you for demonstrating your clear lack of understanding of basic set theory and proving my point, but the unironic emoji use makes your low intelligence clear by itself.
@_date: 2019-05-05 08:17:23
Wait a minute, I thought the whole leftist explanation of racially-weighted conviction statistics is that courts are biased and regularly get things wrong?


You mean, you're done pretending you have any actual arguments. Bye.
@_date: 2019-05-05 03:46:04


Which is?


He does? What's the last extreme right rally he's spoken at? And how do you know who donates to him?


Oh, I see. First it was only the extremists that contribute to things like mass shootings getting deplatformed. Now it doesn't matter if they do that at all, just whether or not you think they're misogynists. You censorship defenders can't even keep your justifications for totalitarianism straight for two posts.


A risk for what? Coinbase being prosecuted if they follow all relevant laws (which hardly require them to ban Milo) and something bad happens anyway? I don't think that's how it works.


That already happened with Bren‍ton Tarr‍ant. What negative consequence has Facebook suffered as a result?


Which participant in a massacre cited Milo as an inspiration? I'm struggling to think of a single one. Can you even find an incident where Alex Jones has endorsed or praised Milo or vice-versa? They might have, but I doubt you know off the top of your head that they have. You're practicing the most odious form of guilt by (incredibly vague) association.
@_date: 2019-05-05 09:01:17


I'm not trying to say it. It's literally on video. Go back and watch it. Right before he accelerates you can see the back of his car get hit with a foreign object.


You're blaming Milo for people attacking his speeches. How is that not victim blaming?


Yes, because leftists are such well known supporters of the free market. You have no other ideological motivation whatsoever.


And you have yet to post a single example of anybody who has shot up a mosque or a synagogue crediting Alex Jones or Milo at all.
You seem to be allergic to posting actual facts of evidence for any of your dramatic claims. Of course you are though. If you weren't, you wouldn't be a leftist.
@_date: 2019-05-06 00:49:32
You're right. The venue wasn't biased at all. The defendant didn't only have a shitty public defender for an incredibly high-profile case.
So you accept that Zimmerman is innocent then right? Since that trial was a lot more even between both sides in terms of funding, etc.
@_date: 2019-05-05 03:05:49


That's a nice slogan, but in practice to a certain point it does. If the consequences of an action are too severe, socially, physically, financially, or in any other way, then in practice you don't really have much freedom to perform it even if you technically are legally allowed to. Technically, I have the legal freedom to cash all of my money out of the bank today and set it on fire. In practice, not so much.
Yes, I know what the First Amendment to the US Constitution says. The First Amendment to the US Constitution doesn't equal "free speech" any more than the Fourth Amendment to the US Constitution equals "privacy", so that's an irrelevant argument.
[Defenders of private censorship often like to link to this little xkcd comic]( The alt-text of it is this:


But isn't that same argument true of private censors? In regards to free speech, private censors make the ultimate concession of saying that the most compelling thing they can say to justify their actions in the context of the West's long-standing precedents in favor of freedom of expression is that they're not technically making anything literally illegal to express. But they're also certainly not contributing to (and are in fact detracting from) any of the well-noted advantages of societies allowing for a vigorous, open discourse.
"I disagree with what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to use a payment processor, because tbh wtf it's a basic service with essentially no political implications anyway whatsoever so why the fuck would they care to ban anyone other than genuine criminals?" That's my motto.
Of course there's a segment of society nowadays that either doesn't understand the benefits of freedom of speech or (naively and shortsightedly, in my opinion) doesn't believe in them. That's fine. Just don't pretending you aren't destroying it because you technically stay just barely out of the realm of legal advocacy.
And if you do care about it, ditch Coinbase.
@_date: 2019-05-05 07:28:19


What have the Proud Boys done that's any more militant than antifa? Who have the Proud Boys killed? Also Milo left the Proud Boys quite publicly a while ago.


How does his rhetoric invite violent protestors when they're the ones opposing his rhetoric? That's like saying a woman in a short skirt invites rapists. You're victim blaming. You are a disgusting human being.


And other than one joke text, can you find any evidence of Milo advocating for violence?


How about the guy who shot Steve Scalise and 2 other people? You think he wasn't trying to kill them? Or how about Ousseynou Sy, who set a bus with 50 kids in it on fire to protest Italian immigration law? There's also leftists being behind two of the most murderous regimes in the modern world (Venezuela and China). That their western counterparts are incompetent (or don't need to resort to violence because they use more underhanded means like controlling social media, TV, payment processors, etc.) changes nothing.
Furthermore, considering racial crime disparities and the fact that most minorities identify with the left... I think if we broke down murder by political affiliation, it wouldn't look good for your side.


And that only started after they began their campaign of censorship, not before it, so it kind of supports my point...


I already addressed this argument in the first post I made in this thread, so I won't respond to it.
Also, if Facebook, per its own advertising, wants to become the global platform of all communication, then it should be held to a higher standard. In fact, even if their censorship is legal, these platforms (particularly reddit) are guilty of false advertising, as (reddit in particular) built their userbases by promising free speech. Twitter once called itself the "free speech wing of the free speech party".


How was the context different? Sarah Jeong's tweets were "jokes" posted in public. Milo's words were a joke sent privately to another person. If anything, Jeong is more culpable.


1. When have right-wingers fired guns at rallies?
2. James Fields didn't drive his car into a crowd of people. He was already in a crowd of people who chose to attack his car. He accelerated out of panic and then immediately stopped his "attack", because it obviously wasn't an attack as anybody with an IQ above 80 could tell from the video.


Why is it advocacy when Milo sends a joke privately to two people, but it's "out of context" when Sarah Jeong makes "jokes" in public? You are a horrible hypocrite.


What? I thought you said you didn't know who donates to him.


Opinionated asshole? I thought only extremists were getting deplatformed? Now it's opinionated assholes?


Gab's Dissenter platform explicitly enforced a word filter for racial/sexual/other slurs to comply with the anti-hate speech policies of extension repositories. It was still removed from AMO and the Google Chrome Store.
And, yes, Sargon is a moderate, whether you like it or not.


So everybody whose rhetoric can be tangentially connected to violence are connected to each other? Hitler, Malcolm X, Napoleon, ISIS, and Stalin are all connected? Jesus Christ you are fucking retarded.


I said he didn't fire at anyone. He didn't. If he had, the news articles would have went on about that for paragraphs. Instead they all simply stated that he merely "discharged his weapon" or some variation. They were probably just warning shots. Bad? Yes. But they're not what you're describing them as.


? I can't find any record of a mosque shooting in the last week. Please enlighten me.
You know what did happen much closer to last week though? 350 Christians being killed by Muslims in Sri Lanka. You don't seem to care much about that though.


By whom? Ignorant people who have forgotten 9/11, the worst domestic terrorist attack in Ameican history?


Yes, I'd say I have a pretty good grasp on leftism being historically the most murderous ideology in human history.


They're just, by your own admission, rioting in the streets when somebody who they disagree with is allowed to speak. Much better.
@_date: 2019-05-19 12:34:09
If you want brownie points, go back and edit your original post to point out that there is no "ultra spike" to 10M. Until then you're still spreading misinformation, which there is far too much of in this community already.
@_date: 2019-05-19 11:43:55
It's 100% clear and possible to count the digits if you aren't blind.


No, you learn some manners instead of impugning somebody else's prediction because you are too stupid to count numbers, you re‍tarded child.
@_date: 2019-05-05 11:37:26


I never said he didn't accelerate you moron. Read what I wrote again:




Obviously he accelerated. That doesn't change the fact that those attacking his car likely caused it.


"The verdicts of courts are always right, especially when the defendant has a shitty public defender and the trial is a high-profile media circus." - SimonGallupsBass
By the way, you know that means that Zimmerman was innocent right?


Yes, giant social media monopolies using political influence entirely unrelated to their core businesses to pressure others' speech is a free market. You caught me.


So bullets fired at nobody in particular and a suspect surrendering peacefully is being "shot up" now? By that logic, black people "shoot up" more locales than any group in the country and are far and away the biggest threat in that area. Look up the statistics on that.


Milo, the white nationalist... Jew married to a black man? Once again, you have failed to establish a single credible connection between Milo and Alex Jones other than your personal opinion that they're ideologically connected. For that matter, there's no evidence that Alex Jones is a white nationalist either.


Except for the fact that the vast majority of shootings in America, like at least 70%, are committed by left-leaning people (minorities, particularly blacks).


You're the one who has even refused to clarify whether your fundamental thesis is that they should refuse to do business with "extreme" right-wingers, or merely "misogynists", or merely "opinionated assholes". You seem to  think that your mere vague, unfounded suspicions that somebody has enough "ideological stink" on them to qualify as bad by some arbitrary metric should be the deciding factor.


And? Muslims and leftists live in this country too you retard. 


A conspiracy? You people are now considering it a conspiracy theory that "911" (it's 9/11 you mouth breather) was committed by Muslims?


You refuse to address antifa violence, democrat-supporting demographics overwhelmingly being more violent than the reverse, and leftist regimes worldwide being the primary sponsors of state terror today.


"Protestors" plural? Is there a single other example than Heather Heyer?


Which you've provided zero proof of.


We'll see if that thinking works out for you. Trump already said he's investigating private censorship of Americans.


None of us need Coinbase. That's why we have Bitcoin in the first place. It doesn't mean this action didn't make their service vastly worse than it was before.
Your ideology is a cancer, and I'm going to enjoy watching it be cured over the next few decades.
@_date: 2019-05-19 14:12:31
Clearly you're on mobile or some other shitty device because the image is much clearer than that to me zoomed in. Get a proper computer before you start bitching about quality.
@_date: 2019-05-19 11:36:11
It clearly shows a six digit number at the peak of the next bubble, not 10 million.
Learn to fucking read.
@_date: 2019-05-19 12:14:02
Incredibly ignorant yet also incredibly smug and self-assured people like you are what's wrong with everybody's lives.
If you admit you can't read it, then don't assume what it says and mock it. That's basic logic.
@_date: 2019-05-19 12:14:36
Lay off the generic reddit posts hiveminder.
@_date: 2019-05-05 03:23:33


It's not right, and neither is letting them do a runaround on free speech using the same mechanism.


This is a huge strawman. 


I highly doubt you can find a strong chain of causality between Milo and anybody shooting up anything, not to mention that it's an incredibly stupid argument in the first place. If we ban all ideologies that have any connection to violence, then we ban all ideologies period.
Plus even if we were to enforce such a rule, it wouldn't be some unbiased AI using statistics and advanced heuristics to determine which speech potentially has the greatest causal link to real-world violence. It'd be biased humans, same as it is now, and I very much doubt their accuracy.


Most of these companies existed for decades without the significant amounts of censorship they practice now and were just fine. In fact, they had less problems and were growing faster back then. I don't think anyone has ever proven that this alleged possible economic damage is actually much of a threat. Has there been a single significant consumer boycott against any company for *not* censoring enough? Have there been people leaving social media sites en masse for *more* censorious alternatives, the same as how Voat, Gab, etc. were created?
@_date: 2019-05-19 12:41:06


You, by your own admission, can't even read it, so how the fuck do you know what it is?