@_author: james91375
@_date: 2014-06-25 11:55:37
Ok I'm looking for an investor, or I can teach you how to do what I do with a money back guarantee. And that guarantee is that if you do what I teach you you will double your money with in a year most likely much sooner. This is not a sit and hold method in fact anyone can do it with just their normal paycheck and increase their income by over $200 a week and that's with just a weekly $400 pay check. If you have more Capitol then you can make lots more. I have proven the system and am willing to teach others and help them navigate the written and unwritten rules that govern this market. If you are interested I will teach you, I will give you full contact to me email physical address phone number. I am totally above board and refuse to do anything illegal. I currently only have one other student so I have plenty of time to teach you. 
Never invest in anything you do not fully understand! Including this if by the time I'm done explaining it to you if you do not fully understand it do not invest!!!
Just send an email to bitcoinjamesbrown for more details. I can only take on 9 more students at this time as I guarantee success I can not overload my self. 
@_date: 2014-06-25 12:06:08
I print out copies place the copies in a safe deposit box. Take the originals desperate the private and public keys keep the public keys in my wallet and have the private keys secured in another undisclosed location that I do not even have access too. That way I can add to the paper wallets as I see fit but if stolen they are useless. Also my private keys are useless without the corresponding public keys and only I know how to match them up and the organization that has my private keys only knows that they are securing a private document for me they do not know what it is. I also have many different paper wallets because I would never want to pull everything out of cold storage at once!!!
@_date: 2017-01-16 02:58:44
Yes, and after I send you my bitcoin for your card and use the card you report the card stolen and I get in trouble!!! I've already been down that road! You end up with the Btc and the $20 gift card gets replaced because you filed a false police report. Then they look me up and start asking me all kinds of suspicious questions designed to entrap me into some legal technicality. Yeah buy locally with cash and sell locally for cash. Also I've had great success with Libertyx.com