@_author: jamesbond2013
@_date: 2013-09-16 21:18:57
Butterfly Labs COO responds to detractors amid company struggles
Processor manufacturer Butterfly Labs (BFL) has recently been taking a bashing in the press and on the Bitcoin Forum due to delays in deliveries and the release of the its new 28nm processor, the Monarch. CoinDesk contacted Butterfly Labs’ chief operating officer (COO), Josh Zerlan, to talk about the delays, the Monarch ASIC and Bitcoin Forum complaints.
Butterfly Labs, one of the most prominent producers of bitcoin mining technology, currently ships hundreds of units of 65nm chips per day. However, the Kansas-based firm has recently struggled to keep up with demand as it is currently manufacturing more units per day than it can dispatch and verify, which has led to frustration for those customers still awaiting delivery of their ASIC miners and who are concerned at the diminishing return on their investment.
CoinDesk put this concern to BFL COO, Josh Zerlan, who expressed his sympathy and understanding for the frustrating situation in which his customers find themselves, both from a consumer perspective and as a former miner himself. Zerlan reported that the company is very aware of the problem and is focusing on increasing its manufacturing capacity, refining its processes and working to improve shipping rates. ”If there was physically any way we could ship faster, we would be. We have and are doing everything we possibly can to get these orders out the door as quickly as possible,” Zerlan said.
According to Zerlan, some of BFL’s previous production difficulties had arisen as a result of an initially strained relationship with Global Foundries, the foundry BFL uses to produce both its 28nm and 65nm process chips.
“The problem you have when dealing with large foundries is they don’t want to talk to you, especially when you’re starting out,” Zerlan said. “They get a lot of people with big ideas but no follow-through so they leave it up to brokers, who purchase time in giant chunks and then sell them to the smaller customers at a mark-up.  This leads to a lot of delays and miscommunication issues. Once you get big or well-known enough, the foundry is willing to talk and work with your engineers directly. This greatly enhances communication and speed of things getting done.”
However, since BFL started to work directly with the Global Foundries (rather than through a broker), a rapport has developed between the two firms and there may be cause for optimism as manufacturing is now said to be running more smoothly.
Dispensing with the middlemen has also enabled BFL engineers to work directly with foundry personnel and pass on technical details on matters such as chip design, which BFL does in-house. It should also mean that BFL is better able to predict timelines on the wafers and have more leverage in how and when chips are created and shipped out.
Butterfly Labs Jalapeno minersIn a further bid to speed things up, BFL is looking at outsourcing some of its production needs to a local, US-based company, which will assemble the Jalapeno 5GH/s miner line. What’s more, it will add extra staff to its shipping department and customer service team. Finding suitable candidates for the latter  has proved particularly challenging as, in addition to the typically desired skills of good communication abilities and attention to detail, hires for the customer service team need at least a rudimentary understanding of bitcoin, which is no small ask.
The Butterfly Labs COO was also keen to clear up confusion about the availability of its new mining card, the 28nm Monarch ASIC, the release of which generated controversy amongst those still awaiting delivery of their longstanding 65nm-based products.
Zerlan stated that there are several months to go before “we see the actual chips in hand” because the 28nm chips are still on the tape-out process but revealed that BFL are set to do what he described as a “bullet run”, which will produce a limited number of chips in 24 days (versus the normal 75-90 days required for a typical foundry run). This will not only enable Butterfly Labs to verify that the chips are working as expected but would also allow a small volume of customer orders to be shipped sooner than initially anticipated.
However, the amount of advanced chips Butterfly Labs can generate via bullet run production is constrained by both the high cost of such an exercise and also because Global Foundries only operates a limited number of bullet run slots. According to Zerlan, the additional cost incurred by bullet run production would be borne by BFL and not by consumers.
“The bulk run of chips should take place a few weeks after the bullet run, which is where many of the later orders will come from. That is expected to start shipping sometime in late January or early February 2014. As I get more information, I intend to keep everyone updated as much as possible,” Zerlan told CoinDesk.
When asked if any prototypes of the 28nm process chips had been produced, Zerlan said there had not been any. He pointed out that, whilst every other vendor is working on their first-generation product, this would be BFL’s second-generation ASIC and therefore the simulation models are likely to be far more accurate, making prototypes less relevant.
“Unfortunately with our first-generation FPGA product, the simulation models were way off in terms of power and hash rate. However, with the lessons from that exercise, the second-generation FPGA simulation models have been much better and our second-generation FPGA product has actually outperformed the simulation.”
Josh Zerlan
Josh Zerlan, COO of Butterfly Labs
The question then is whether the steps being taken by BFL will do anything to assuage the dissatisfaction expressed by its customers, some of which has led to heated exchanges between Zerlan and a number of participants of the Bitcoin Forum. Zerlan dismissed some of BFL’s detractors on the Forum as “known trolls” who were seeking to portray BFL in a bad light whilst he claimed that others were trying to encourage people to cancel their orders so that they would move up in the shipping queue. “BTC mining, being a zero sum activity, makes it viable and profitable to get as many people to cancel their orders as possible, so your position improves,” said Zerlan. “That’s really the crux of it: the less people mining, the more money you make as a miner.”
The Bitcoin Forum has also been the scene of a more controversial exchange surrounding allegations that BFL’s VP of product information, Sonny Vleisides, has a criminal record. Addressing the issue, Zerlan said: “Sonny tried to start a thread to answer questions but it devolved rapidly into a troll fest. As a result, it was decided that trying to answer questions rationally was a pointless endeavour and he has since stopped responding there… The fact that we’ve delivered two generations of FPGA products and one generation of ASIC products should be fairly indicative that BFL is not a scam.”
Zerlan described the Vleisides issue as “wholly immaterial” in terms of its relevance to and impact on BFL’s performance. If the Monarch proves to be a success and customers start to receive their processors in a more timely fashion, he should be proved right and the company will be garnering a more positive reception in the press and from the wider bitcoin community. Until then, it seems like the company has a lot of customer faith to regain.
@_date: 2013-09-16 21:28:59


UNITED STATES OF AMERICA VS. SONNY VLEISIDES
 Subscribe to posts
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA v. SONNY VLEISIDES
posted Sep 23, 2012, 6:41 AM by Robert Dobbs
September 15, 2010
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
SONNY VLEISIDES SOCIAL SECURITY NO. 6 5 7 4 (LAST 4 DIGITS)
JUDGMENT AND PROBATION/COMMITMENT ORDER
MONTH DAY YEAR
In the presence of the attorney for the government, the defendant appeared in person 09 15 2010
X WITH COUNSEL Gregory Nicolaysen, Panel
(Name of Counsel)
X GUILTY, and the court being satisfied that there is a factual basis for the plea.
NOLO CONTENDERE NOT GUILTY
There being a finding/verdict of
GUILTY, defendant has been convicted as charged of the offense(s) of:
18 U.S.C. §1341; 2: Mail Fraud; Aiding and Abetting and Causing an Act to Be Done as charged in Count 1 on the Indictment.
The Court asked whether there was any reason why judgment should not be pronounced. Because no sufficient cause to the contrary was shown, or appeared to the Court, the Court adjudged the defendant guilty as charged and convicted and ordered that: Pursuant to the Sentencing Reform Act of 1984, it is the judgment of the Court that the defendant is hereby committed to the custody of the Bureau of Prisons to be imprisoned for a term of:
Pursuant to the Sentencing Reform Act of 1984, it is the judgment of the Court that the defendant, Sonny Vleisides, is hereby committed on Count 1 of the 23-Count Indictment to the custody of the Bureau of Prisons to be imprisoned for a term of 26 months, which shall be deemed satisfied by time already served in custody in this matter, taking into consideration the time period that the defendant served in custody from the time of his arrest in Italy in April 2007 until his extradition to the Central District of California in February 2009, and the time period in custody from his arrival in this district in February 2009 until his release on bond
The Court notes that this term of 26 months is the equivalent of time served.
The defendant is hereby placed on supervised release, effective immediately, for a term of three years under the following terms and conditions:
1. The defendant shall comply with the rules and regulations of the U. S. Probation Office and General Order 318;
2. During the period of community supervision the defendant shall pay the special assessment in accordance with this judgment's orders pertaining to such payment;
3. The defendant shall not engage, as whole or partial owner, employee or otherwise, in any business involving loan programs, gambling or gaming activities, telemarketing activities, investment programs or any other business involving the solicitation of funds or cold-calls to customers without the express approval of the Probation Officer prior to engagement in such employment. Further, the defendant shall provide the Probation Officer with access to any and all business records, client lists and other records pertaining to the operation of any business owned, in whole or in part, by the defendant, as directed by the Probation Officer; and
4. The defendant shall cooperate in the collection of a DNA sample from the defendant.
The drug testing condition mandated by statute is suspended based on the Court's determination that the defendant poses a low risk of future substance abuse.
All fines are waived as it is found that the defendant does not have the ability to pay a fine.
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 3663A(c)(3), restitution is not ordered because (1) the number of identifiable victims is so large as to make restitution impracticable [3663A(c)(3)(A)]; and
(2) determining complex issues of fact related to the cause or amount of the victim's losses would complicate or prolong the sentencing process to a degree that the need to provide restitution to any victim is outweighed by the burden on the sentencing process [3663A(c)(3)(B)].
SPECIAL ASSESSMENT: It is further ordered defendant shall pay to the United States a special assessment fee of $100, which is due immediately to the Clerk of the Court.
SENTENCING FACTORS: Having considered the sentencing factors enumerated at 18 U.S.C. § 3553(a), the advisory guideline range of 60 months pursuant to U.S.S.G. § 5G1.1(a), the binding plea agreement entered into by the parties under Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 11(c)(1)(C), the parties' joint sentencing position, and the nature and extent of defendant's cooperation with the government as discussed in court under seal, the Court finds that the following sentence is reasonable and sufficient, but not greater than necessary, to comply with the purposes stated in 18 U.S.C. § 3553(a).
In addition to the special conditions of supervision imposed above, it is hereby ordered that the Standard Conditions of Probation and Supervised Release within this judgment be imposed. The Court may change the conditions of supervision, reduce or extend the period of supervision, and at any time during the supervision period or within the maximum period permitted by law, may issue a warrant and revoke supervision for a violation occurring during the supervision period.
It is ordered that the Clerk deliver a copy of this Judgment and Probation/Commitment Order to the U.S. Marshal or other qualified officer.
The defendant shall comply with the standard conditions that have been adopted by this court (set forth below).
STANDARD CONDITIONS OF PROBATION AND SUPERVISED RELEASE
While the defendant is on probation or supervised release pursuant to this judgment: The defendant shall not commit another Federal, state or local crime; the defendant shall not leave the judicial district without the written permission of the court or probation officer; the defendant shall report to the probation officer as directed by the court or probation officer and shall submit a truthful and complete written report within the first five days of each month; the defendant shall answer truthfully all inquiries by the probation officer and follow the instructions of the probation officer; the defendant shall support his or her dependents and meet other family responsibilities; the defendant shall work regularly at a lawful occupation unless excused by the probation officer for schooling, training, or other acceptable reasons; the defendant shall notify the probation officer at least 10 days prior to any change in residence or employment; the defendant shall refrain from excessive use of alcohol and shall not purchase, possess, use, distribute, or administer any narcotic or other controlled substance, or any paraphernalia related to such substances, except as prescribed by a physician; the defendant shall not frequent places where controlled substances are illegally sold, used, distributed or administered;
10. the defendant shall not associate with any persons engaged in criminal activity, and shall not associate with any person convicted of a felony unless granted permission to do so by the probation officer;
11. the defendant shall permit a probation officer to visit him or her at any time at home or elsewhere and shall permit confiscation of any contraband observed in plain view by the probation officer;
12. the defendant shall notify the probation officer within 72 hours of being arrested or questioned by a law enforcement officer;
13. the defendant shall not enter into any agreement to act as an informer or a special agent of a law enforcement agency without the permission of the court;
14. as directed by the probation officer, the defendant shall notify third parties of risks that may be occasioned by the defendant's criminal record or personal history or characteristics, and shall permit the probation officer to make such notifications and to conform the defendant's compliance with such notification requirement;
15. the defendant shall, upon release from any period of custody, report to the probation officer within 72 hours;
16. and, for felony cases only: not possess a firearm, destructive device, or any other dangerous weapon.
The defendant will also comply with the following special conditions pursuant to General Order 01-05 (set forth below).
STATUTORY PROVISIONS PERTAINING TO PAYMENT AND COLLECTION OF FINANCIAL SANCTIONS
The defendant shall pay interest on a fine or restitution of more than $2,500, unless the court waives interest or unless the fine or restitution is paid in full before the fifteenth (15th) day after the date of the judgment pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §3612(f)(1). Payments may be subject to penalties for default and delinquency pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §3612(g). Interest and penalties pertaining to restitution, however, are not applicable for offenses completed prior to April 24, 1996.
If all or any portion of a fine or restitution ordered remains unpaid after the termination of supervision, the defendant shall pay the balance as directed by the United States Attorney's Office. 18 U.S.C. §3613.
