@_author: james-cizuz
@_date: 2014-03-01 09:22:04
Not really, if he recovered them AND THEN apologized/gave records to a better exchange to distribute coins back he'd come off as the fuck up who redeemed himself. Still a fuck up, but less so.
@_date: 2014-03-01 09:20:36
You can't read people can you?
That's the face of someone ready to fucking have a mental fucking heart attack. He's trying to keep it together, and he it seems just can't.
Believe me, anyone who believes they really fucked over that many people would not be smirking. That takes a psychopath and horrible person to do, those people tend to be able to lie very well.
@_date: 2014-03-01 10:09:53


Not quite. Your employer is sending you virtual representation of money which you can exchange for real money that banks allow him to transfer because he deposited or has capital within their bank, and your bank agreed to change their sum while they changed their sum in accordance.
Bitcoin exists on the internet. Fiat currency "doesn't", in a way we actually have two sets of money.
Unless you can physically take a bill, insert it in a slot of your computer and it comes out someone elses computer, no you're employer is not sending you paper money.
Though to be perfectly honest my wording was a little poor so this is more for clarification what I meant.
Bitcoin exists first on the internet. "Real money" existed first as physical entities. In a way both are physical entities, bitcoin just has the advantage of being distributed at a much faster and more convenient method, while paper money would require walking/driving etc to delivery it to someone to buy goods and services.
So unfortunately my original reply was in regards to real money minus the internet. Real money is supposed to exist as a physical entity but doesn't in a lot of cases.
Even then i'm wrong now that I think about it. More proper comparison is if everyone had a machine which printed and destroyed money. So to transfer money in the olden days quickly give em a call, agree to burn some cash on your end and they'll print some on their end. Bitcoin works that way, but with a global ledger as you can imagine the above scenario having... quite a few problems.
@_date: 2014-03-01 08:31:42
Technically bitcoin is just virtual paper money.
Paper money can't be traced either. Oh wait to buy normal things you need to subscribe to an exchange to hold your paper money. OOPS I mean bank.
The advantage is it's virtual paper money you can send over wires. You can't do that with paper money(without a bank/exchange).
It's secure, it's still all tracked and when and if it becomes a real real currency it'll simply have the same types of regulations. Banks, identify revealed, transactions tracked, etc.
I don't know where people are getting the anonymous stuff from, but luckily that helped boost it into what it is today and luckily it's more convenient and the logical next step to currency.
Oh and before people start talking about being anonymous and there are ways. Sure, you can also launder money which is illegal.