@_author: jamesviggy
@_date: 2019-11-27 02:42:11
There are a lot of advantages that a hardware wallet has over a paper wallet. As of November 2019 the hardware wallet that I would recommend is a Coldcard. If you combine this with the Wasabi Wallet desktop application then you have a great set up. Matt Odell has put together a tutorial for how to set this up: [
@_date: 2019-10-06 04:14:05
Bitcoin won't fail because a Government (or all the Governments united) declare it illegal. One of the most important properties of Bitcoin is it's censorship resistance. This means that no outside entity can prevent bitcoin from being transferred from A to B.
Governments control the incumbent fiat monetary system. They can make it more difficult for participants in that system to transact freely between fiat money and bitcoin money (capital controls). However they can't dictate what happens within the bitcoin economy. Even if all Governments globally co-operated they could not prevent bitcoin from being transferred from A to B.
@_date: 2019-10-10 03:05:07
It's a great question.   
Bitcoin can be transferred between anyone in the world without requiring a third party (so technically I could sell you some right now). Debit card payments on the other hand can't, they're a relic of the legacy financial system.   
What this means is you'll need to find a business that sells Bitcoin and is willing to accept debit card payments. The answer to this will depend on what part of the world you are based.   
If you're in the US then the Cash App from Square is popular (as of October 2019).
@_date: 2019-10-06 04:26:37
As of October 2019, I would recommend the average person to do the following to get started: 
\- Sign up &amp; Verify your identity with a popular bitcoin exchange in your country.
\- Purchase a bitcoin hardware wallet, such as a Coldcard or a Trezor, and follow their instructions for safe private key management (the 24 word seed you write down can be used to recover your bitcoin, so keep it safe).
\- Interface with your wallet using the Wasabi desktop application
\- Withdraw your bitcoin from the exchange to your wallet, in the process you will label the UTXO as being from the exchange 
\- When you are ready to learn more about bitcoin you can start by using the coinjoin feature in the Wasabi wallet.   
In terms of "when to buy in", I would recommend dollar cost averaging. Small regular recurring purchases.
@_date: 2019-10-09 10:01:40
To understand this relationship you need to first understand the basics of mining. To put it simply, whoever solves a puzzle first has won the right to add a block to the blockchain and award themselves the block reward. This puzzle can be solved by making lots of guesses. These guesses are made by processors which cost electricity to run. Therefore whoever solves the puzzle has by definition proven they have done work (spent electricity). The block reward is currently 12.5 BTC. The USD value of this block reward fluctuates. Hence the potential reward in USD terms for the lucky winning miner changes. If the USD price of bitcoin goes higher then it would make sense for the hash rate to follow it higher. More people enter the race to compete and the total network hash rate (total amount of guesses being made) will go up. If the USD price of bitcoin falls, some miners may switch off their machines. This could be because for them the electricity cost to continue operating is higher than the USD value of the rewards they are receiving. Another long term factor to remember is that the mining equipment used today require research and development to become more efficient (and hence capable of making substantially more guesses). When Bitcoin reached \~$20k in December 2017 it would still take months before new and improved ASIC miners are manufactured.
@_date: 2019-10-09 01:55:48
Private key management and handling is a very important thing to teach a newcoiner. I would recommend having each of your relatives practice sending and receiving bitcoin. I would also recommend each of them go through the process of restoring a wallet. A good app for this would be blockstream green on mobile since it is very easy to switch to testnet (if you don't want to use real bitcoin for the above).