@_author: jamiescams
@_date: 2014-02-19 04:25:43
And here's some more findings against Mr McIntyre and his phoenix companies: 
@_date: 2014-02-19 04:24:29
 shows Jamie McIntyre has been banned from running financial seminars by the Australian Corporations and Investment Commission, yet he is the keynote speaker at the "Australian International Bitcoin Conference"  where he is touting his BTC get-rich-quick book. Here's some more interesting information about his property "education" scams 
@_date: 2014-02-03 04:54:01
This website and company is associated with Jamie McIntyre, a failed politcal aspirant and peddler in dodgy get rich property scams. If you google his name you find some results which will suggest some serious dubiety of character. He has been involved in many lawsuits, has been the subject of rulings by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission, and even has hate websites dedicated to his less than credible business practices. He has threatened Australian bitcoin enthusiasts with lawsuits. I wouldn't believe anything he or his company says (they have said they are running a Bitcoin Conference in Melbourne in the first half of this year and that the Winkelvii are keynote speakers (!)). This sounds like similar misinformation. The website is factually wrong about being the first bitcoin ATMs in Australia - there are already many. I don't think robocoin are going to sell Jamie a hundred ATMs anytime soon either. He's a massive bullshit artist.
@_date: 2014-02-01 08:54:09
This website and company is associated with Jamie McIntyre, a failed politcal aspirant and peddler in dodgy get rich property scams. If you google his name you find some results which will suggest some serious dubiety of character. He has been involved in many lawsuits, has been the subject of rulings by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission, and even has hate websites dedicated to his less than credible business practices. He has threatened Australian bitcoin enthusiasts with lawsuits. I wouldn't believe anything he or his company says (they have said they are running a Bitcoin Conference in Melbourne in the first half of this year and that the Winkelvii are keynote speakers (!)). This sounds like similar misinformation. The website is factually wrong about being the first bitcoin ATMs in Australia - there are already many. I don't think robocoin are going to sell Jamie a hundred ATMs anytime soon either. He's a massive bullshit artist.
@_date: 2014-02-01 09:33:54
This website and company is associated with Jamie McIntyre, a failed politcal aspirant and peddler in dodgy get rich property scams. If you google his name you find some results which will suggest some serious dubiety of character. He has been involved in many lawsuits, has been the subject of rulings by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission, and even has hate websites dedicated to his less than credible business practices. He has threatened Australian bitcoin enthusiasts with lawsuits. I wouldn't believe anything he or his company says (they have said they are running a Bitcoin Conference in Melbourne in the first half of this year and that the Winkelvii are keynote speakers (!)). This sounds like similar misinformation. The website is factually wrong about being the first bitcoin ATMs in Australia - there are already many. I don't think robocoin are going to sell Jamie a hundred ATMs anytime soon either. He's a massive bullshit artist.