@_author: jan386
@_date: 2018-01-04 16:20:36
I believe you pasted the same link as in the opening post.
It doesn't matter how old a transaction is. An important consensus rule states that all the inputs to a transaction must be confirmed at least once before the transaction can be confirmed. This is the key feature of the protocol to prevent double spending.
So until the first 50 sat/byte transaction gets confirmed, the 272 sat/byte transaction cannot be confirmed and correspondingly, the 302 sat/byte transaction cannot be confirmed.
@_date: 2018-01-04 16:09:04
Your transaction is unfortunately spending another unconfirmed UTXO ( which must be confirmed first. That one has fee of 272 sat/byte.
That transaction is, in turn, spending yet another unconfirmed UTXO, ( which must be confirmed first. That one has fee of only 50 sat/byte. It will take a while to get this one confirmed.
Sometimes, miners are willing to mine a low-fee transactions so that a high-fee transaction can be mined. 
EDIT: But when mempool was down to 280 sat/byte 1,5 hours ago, no miner chose to do so.
@_date: 2018-01-04 16:52:48
It is possible. There are some services called "transaction accelerators" that supposedly allow people to confirm their transactions faster (sometimes for a fee), but I have no experience with it.
Also, the protocol allows for additional measures like Replace by Fee (RBF) or Child pays for Parent (CPFP). Maybe CPFP would be applicable in your case, but I am not sure how to perform it correctly, especially since you would be essentially paying for your great-grandparent (the 50 sat/byte which is also the largest in terms of kB).
@_date: 2017-12-09 22:18:45
That is the default value for the mintxfee and minrelaytxfee parameters for Bitcoin Core nodes. By default, core nodes will not propagate a transaction with a fee lower than that. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 13:20:23
Because until you spend it, the funds are safe. It allows you to keep your funds safe even if there is a quantum computing threat. Once you spend it, you should spend everything to new addresses because of that distant possibility.
And yes, that would be prudent. But somehow I don't think that's going to happen
@_date: 2017-12-21 17:47:44
Well, maybe because the high fee situation started two weeks ago with the massive price hike (seems like eternity, I know).
Maybe because for a proper non-emergency hardfork you need careful coding, testing, proper review by multiple people, more testing, finding consensus, additional testing and at least 12 months to deploy the update across the network. And in the meantime, testing, of course. 
Maybe because there already is a 70% blocksize increase which didn't require a hardfork and everyone can take advantage of it. Since the current usage is at 10 - 12 %, fees are probably not that high after all.
Maybe because if exchanges bothered to implement Segwit or even proper transaction bundling, the problem would be greatly reduced.
(Hope that didn't come out as cocky. These are the reasons why I personally am not screaming bloody murder and just going to wait until this craziness blows over.)
@_date: 2017-12-21 20:54:20
"How to open lots of accounts" -- reads Wells Fargo employee manual. 
Priceless. :-)
@_date: 2017-12-22 11:58:06
Honestly, I have no idea.  I believe they use the Bitcoin blockchain to just store some data (hence the OP_RETURN transactions), but I'm not even sure about that.
I suggest starting here:  . Seems rather technical, though.
@_date: 2017-12-13 15:47:27
In Bitcoin, address is derived from the public key. And for each public key there has to be a private key. In other words, one generates a new private key, from that the corresponding public key and from that the address.
Modern wallets use something called hierarchically deterministic generation which allows for generation of multiple private and public keys from a single "seed". Maybe that's where your confusion stems from?
@_date: 2017-12-26 18:43:10
I really love three movies about the crisis.
The Big Short is about people who saw the insanity of the mortgage papers and bet against them. [The book by Michael Lewis]( is also excellent and goes into much more detail about how the securities actually worked. And when you have some free time, check out the [interviews with Greg Lippmann]( (he was the basis for Jared Venett's character). And read Lippmann's presentation on [shorting home equity mezzanine tranches]( It is the booklet Charlie and Jamie found in the lobby of JP Morgan Chase.
Margin Call is focused on the small boys within a bank who realize something is wrong and immediately sell everything. (Happened during the time Mike Burry from The Big Short could not reach his saleswoman at Goldman Sachs.)
And finally, Too Big to Fail is about the regulators, i.e. Henry Paulson, Tim Geithner and (to a lesser extent) Ben Bernanke, dealing with the fallout.
@_date: 2017-12-17 17:02:12
True. They lied and cooked the books so that they could get into the Eurozone. They never should have been allowed to enter. But don't forget, [Euro is more than a currency.]( It is a political project, above all else. So nobody had very many reservations against Greece entering.
The fact that (comparatively) poor Slovakia had to co-pay the bailout to Greece made me really angry at that time. But one should not forget that the bailout money was largely used to pay out the holders of the Greek government bonds, i.e. big, mostly European banks.  It was a bailout for big banks from the taxpayers, which was laundered through Greece to obfuscate its true nature.
The only sensible option, i.e. Greek default then and there, exit from the Eurozone, return to a national currency and rapid devaluation was not permitted, because the fallout would be catastrophic for the bondholders and unmask the Euro as a failed project. So now, Greece is still stuck with Euro which it cannot devaluate and national debt of about 250 % of GDP with no hope of ever paying that back.
@_date: 2017-12-22 11:32:25
These transactions are part of Omni layer. It is a second layer on top of Bitcoin blockchain where other currencies may be created. USD Tether is one such currency.
EDIT: a word
@_date: 2017-12-15 21:05:00
I am a betatester for bitWallet (iOS). It supports watch-only wallets if you input a public key only (xpub). In short time, a new version will be released which will also support BIP49 (segwit) versioned extended public keys (ypub) which is what Trezor web wallet will show you. This way you can keep an eye on your Trezor balance.
It has supported Segwit for quite some time now and allows you to set custom fees. Supported currencies are BTC, LTC and BCH. But I wouldn't recommend it to a new user, because it is quite technical and allows for a lot of flexibility.
@_date: 2017-12-13 11:52:46
When you spend an ordinary P2PKH output, you have to reveal your public key so that the network can verify that you signed your transaction with your private key.
There is a theoretical vulnerability whereby quantum computers may in the future be capable of computing private key from the corresponding public key (see elliptic curve discrete logarithm problem). Therefore, if you reuse an address, you (among other things) hope that the elliptic curve discrete logarithm problem is intractable (so far it is).
Until you spend the output, the only thing that's known to the network is the hash of your public key. The two hash functions (SHA256 and RIPEMD160) are considered quantum-safe. 
Fun fact: there is an [address]( containing insane amount of bitcoin from which one transaction was made. If the quantum computers become sufficiently advanced, someone will certainly steal the funds.
@_date: 2018-10-17 19:25:17
Yeah, and they use bitpay requiring donors to supply personal information. Also, they show the crappy bitpay link which cannot be parsed by damn near any wallet. This is new because I remember that they used to use Coinbase. Still shit with their 15 minute timer but at least anonymous.
I have donated to Wiki numerous times over the years, but not any longer.
@_date: 2019-08-18 14:00:44
Would you happen to know what kind of miners are Blockstream using?
@_date: 2019-06-29 21:58:45
How about this one?
Please PM me your return invoice so I can send the money back.
@_date: 2019-06-25 17:08:05
That depends. If we consider the basic P2PKH UTxO (i.e. addres starting with 1 which has a nonzero balance), there are two possibilities:
1. That address was never spent from. In this case, the first thing an adversary must do is reverse the RIPEMD160(SHA256(pubkey)) hash function to get the public key. These hash functions are considered quantum-resistant, so no benefit there.
2. The address was already spent from (such as [this one]( ), therefore its pubkey is already revealed, than quantum computer can help with ECDL problem -- i.e. generating private key from the public key.
And this, kids, is why we do not reuse addresses.
@_date: 2017-11-25 20:24:35
That question has two separate answers. Was the address in question used before to spend some bitcoins from it, such as [this one]( If so, then a quantum computer could be used to compute the private key from the public key that was revealed when the coins were spent, thus allowing the attacker to spend the rest of them.
If the address was used to only receive bitcoin, then the task would first require reversing SHA256 (which is apparently quantum-resistant) or bruteforcing it (which quantum computer doesn't help with).
@_date: 2017-11-19 08:15:48
Transaction fee in satoshi/byte *is* clear and simple. The conversion to fiat just obscures the reality. The sender is not paying a miner fee to send 20 dollars to someone. The sender is paying to purchase 200-something bytes of space inside a block that miners create. 
Yes, every wallet should offer several fee options. I would furthermore argue that every wallet should offer the option to set custom fee. But satoshi/byte (or more correctly satoshi/WU) should always be the primary metric of the fee amount as it is the only one that is based in reality and allows for comparison to other currently pending transactions, thereby allowing the user to set their fee appropriately to achieve the confirmation in whatever time deemed necessary.
@_date: 2017-11-22 18:12:15
Also, bitWallet for iOS has Segwit support since version 2.5.
@_date: 2017-11-22 18:32:52
I do not know about Greenaddress, but bitWallet will either generate your BIP39 HD seed for you or you can import any such seed you generate yourself. In other words, yes, you control your keys.
However, I would recommend it only for advanced users as it offers a lot of options for both wallet creation and actual payments (custom fees, custom inputs etc.).
@_date: 2017-11-18 23:04:39
I have noticed the address 12cgpFdJViXbwHbhrA3TuW1EGnL25Zqc3P couple times in the past week or so. Always consolidating many outputs and paying extraordinary fees for it. See for instance block [494585](
@_date: 2017-11-19 12:43:10


Yes, they are. But bitcoin does not work like that and until Lightning network or other off-chain solutions come live, it will not work like that. 


It makes it clear with respect to the current exchange rate of Bitcoin, conveniently hiding all the factors that go into its calculation. But, regarding the "corresponding expected confirmation time":


And that's the problem. The algorithms are not exactly simple (see  ) and so far, most of the algorithms have failed to take care of that (getting better though). Since it is borderline impossible to predict when a transaction may come through (primarily due to the stochastic nature of the mining process and the unpredictable future flow of transactions), most algorithms go around this by overpaying, sometimes massively. It is the common tradeoff between fast, convenient and cheap. 


No, I don't think average consumer is going to adopt Bitcoin, especially not for paying for their coffee to merchants who offer more convenient methods of payment. When they have the option to use cash or tap-to-pay, they clearly should. I believe in the future of Bitcoin as the currency of the Internet, where the current methods of payment put all your info "out there" and you have to trust the payment processor to be legitimate and keep you safe. Bitcoin will find adoption in use cases where other methods are inferior. And yes, I don't know how tech-illiterate average people are. I just believe that when they are presented with a possible solution to a problem they perceive, they will be willing to spend time familiarizing themselves with it.


There is no general answer to that question (and there can never be). 10c is about the lowest fee which can be expected to get a segwit transaction containing 1 input and 2 outputs through at the current exchange rate of bitcoin with the current state of mempool. 10 satoshi/byte is very low and given the current state of mempool will get confirmed in short time, regardless of any of the above factors. Do you see how many assumptions I had to make to decipher the "simple" 10c transaction cost?
Yes, bitcoin is complicated. But is it better for the user to be left wondering why the fees tonight are so high when in the morning they were reasonable, or to learn a little about what the fees actually mean and why they are necessary?


I completely agree (and the fee system is in my opinion not the most important reason). But the fees on layer 1 can never represent the expectations the way you propose. They are independent of the value being transferred, which is in stark contrast to everything people are used to. Perhaps this is the most important concept to teach users about fees. I also hope that other scaling solutions will expand the possible use cases of Bitcoin for small payments, where the fees are a considerable portion of the payment itself.
By the way, where do you actually see the value proposition of Bitcoin as a system of payment to general consumers of first world countries?
@_date: 2017-11-19 15:20:52
Yes, a human can look at the mempool and guesstimate the correct fee. But it is proving hard to code it for some reason.
I envy your optimism in that Bitcoin will start replacing fiat for day-to-day transactions. I hope that doesn't happen until other scaling techniques are in place. But even if Bitcoin sucked until then for this application, it may still remain a secure store of value and an excellent medium of international value transfers because it is comparatively fast and cheap. And I can imagine another cryptocurrency being used for small transactions and then exchanged using Atomic swaps for Bitcoin. I do not believe that Bitcoin needs to be a Swiss Army knife capable of doing everything. But I'm worried that this other cryptocurrency would face the same scaling issues as bitcoin does today.
What you posted about people and technology is very interesting, especially the active hostility towards new technology, as the people I know grasp new technology quite rapidly. I have to agree that Bitcoin has many quirks and it took me weeks of study and active use of the network to even begin to understand certain aspects of it and I still keep learning. In such cases I believe it is our job to explain to new users how the things work as best as we can and if despite all that people keep prefering other means of payment, just leave them be. 
The fees were designed in such a way that the most scarce resource (blockchain space) is being auctioned off. If they were designed as a percentage of a transaction amount (What is a transaction amount? How do you differentiate between payment (goes to someone else) and change (goes to another address belonging to you)?), would the low value transactions be stuck at the bottom of mempool, never to be confirmed? Yes, it is unfortunate that the mechanics of fees is different from everyday experience.
The mobile wallet I use is called bitWallet. It is for iOS and it works approximately in the way you describe. It is a wallet for advanced users IMO, as it offers a lot of flexibility when creating wallets and transactions. I am sure there are many other wallets which do work as you'd like. Again, it took me several days to find a mobile wallet I would be comfortable using.
@_date: 2017-11-22 18:50:17
When creating the HD wallet, it is necessary to select Wallet Structure -&gt; BIP49 (it is on the screen after you are shown the seed). Then it should work fine. Note that even though you may create receive and change addresses, the change addresses are not used by default. And you also cannot combine inputs from receive and change addresses. I have brought this to the developers and they will consider enabling this. In the meantime, I just don't use the Receive/Change option and manually send the change to another address.
@_date: 2019-01-08 19:40:15
Exactly, I put in just 1 mBTC (100 000 satoshi) to play with. Transfer to lightning network is pretty seamless; to withdraw, zigzag must be used, but it works reasonably well.
@_date: 2019-09-12 04:58:56
If you are at least a moderately advanced user, I would suggest bitWallet. It offers very detailed control of your keys, addresses and coins, custom fee setting, multiple recipients in a single transaction and more. No other mobile wallet I have tested comes even close in that aspect.
However, for a life-changing sums of bitcoin, hardware wallets are a way to go.
@_date: 2019-09-21 16:11:51
According to US debt clock out of 125 trillion:
Social security: 20 trillion
Medicare: 30 trillion
Remainder: federal debt held by public, federal employee and veteran benefits.