@_author: jan_hopmans
@_date: 2016-08-10 11:07:16
Thanks for your explanation, now I understand at least a little why you made this decision. Unfortunately for me bitcoin is the only way to pay for the humble bundles.
Is it possible to enable bitcoin transactions for account with an existing payment history? I would also not mind adding my phone number as verification, even though this will probably take more time to implement for a minor part of your transactions.
Thanks again for your answer to this question and, hopefully, for your time reading this comment. 
@_date: 2017-03-07 01:11:41
Thank you for your extensive reply. I finally see some claims I can think, read or discuss about. 
     




From what I understood BU unlimited is mostly based on Core code. Do you have a link to those peer reviews you are talking about? For Segwit and BU.( I assume you mean the academic type of peer reviews. )


Do you have a link for me? I was able to find one instance where the bitcoin.com pool used their wrong user settings. I might have misunderstood this or found a wrong article.




Are we sure the safe limit isn't at least 120KMH while people are trying to change from the car speed from 1 to 2 KMH?


Thanks! I will check it out.


It seems to me that finding, fixing bugs and seeing which technology you can get the most stable is what you run a testnet for. It would be a shame if they shut it down afterwards. I tried to search for an in depth article, but again failed to find something. Could you help? I found something about a fork on the SegWit testnet, but I don't think this is what you mean?  ( It also isn't very substantive either, just a screencap post. )




Well it seems one part of the developers developed something, and some others developed something else. Both of them having a major part of the support. I've seen talk on the bu forums about them integrating segwit solutions, so there might be a way to cooperate.


Thanks for your answers, I will try to read through the article/link you provided and hope we find the people that are willing to cooperate from both sides. I agree a hard fork poses some obstacles, but I think if everybody works together obstacles can be overcome. There seem to be more than one before anyone will be able to make some progress. 
@_date: 2017-03-05 18:03:49
Thanks for you reply. And sorry, but I still have a hard time following where those things are coming from. How is this different or more tested as Segwit? From what I have read I've seen nothing really controversial about raising the blocksize. It's just the same as it always was with a different number. Bandwidth or memory have been en will be increasing every year so I can't imagine those being a problem, nor the consensus thing since that is the same thing as how consensus is trying to be reached right now. 
Or if you want more test, why couldn't we throw up a test-case somewhere and have as many people as possible try to break it? Either for segwit, segwit alternatives, bitcoin unlimited and blocksize increases. There should be some people willing to fund this.
The fact that a hard fork happens mustn't be the absolute worst, only if you are afraid of change. The biggest problem seems to be the non-communication between parties or unwillingness to work together for a solution.
Why wouldn't developers be able to come to a consensus? Willing to include the many different use-case and preferences. I've seen the BU folks willing or wanting segwit, or segwit like changes, and the people here agree with them on other points.
Sorry, I am frustrated; atm, I can't, or no longer willing or able, to afford bitcoin for my use cases of small online transactions. What I liked about bitcoin is I could send my money *anytime*, *anywhere*, I had to trust and wait for nobody, nobody could decided on my money or which transaction cost I had to pay. There was always somebody else to pick it up or undercut. Everybody participates and it is still secure. If we can do this about money, why can't we do this about blocksize? 
Instead I just people mongering around 'you can't trust anybody', 'you can only trust me', 'they are the bad-guys', 'no they are'. And at the same time I have to trust them, anybody, to decide which system is best for me? If we can just come down from our high towers and come to some practical solutions.
I just don't see the risk where everybody is so afraid about. 
Why can't we all agree or come to a consensus and start to move this thing forward?
Or at least come down from our high towers and stop blaming every single person with a different perspective.
@_date: 2017-03-02 15:29:02
Developers decide what users run. I, as a user, cannot write my own code or client. As a non-coder I would be entirely dependent on others develop for me; and not knowing the fine details I would go with the default client. This gives the core developers a disproportional amount of power in comparison with others user or creators in the process. 
This should make them a subject to a way bigger amount of scrutiny. We should be wary if they are afraid of losing their influence and they want to keep a strict control over the decision making process. *Especially* if they play it down as minor decisions and they talk bad about others!
@_date: 2017-03-05 18:28:13
You know some parts of the world don't use credit already? 30cts + 2.9% can be a lot of money depending on where you live and the size of the transaction.
@_date: 2017-03-18 14:59:56
This guy produces these pie charts once a month.
@_date: 2017-03-05 18:13:59
Sorry for the long post, as an outsider of the discussion I am really frustrated with people pretending they know everything, creating this shit. It brings me no further back to using my money.
@_date: 2017-03-05 15:02:55
If the two major parties decide to go in with a flexible, or a least a changed, blocksize I don't see how a chain split will happen. How do you see this happening in that case?
@_date: 2017-03-07 01:15:19


Doesn't the Bitcoin Unlimited proposes a nice way to reach this consensus? It is not that different from how the network currently operates. If the/a majority decides they only want a 1MB blocksize it would stay this way, because nobody would accept or propagate a bigger block.


This assumes we couldn't solve those problems as they arrive. Broadband speeds are subject to different conditions as Moore's Law, but looking at the charts Moore's law doesn't seem to be slowing down yet. Even if it does; there are multiple ways to make progress. Looking at the 5GHz soft limit on processors, we currently decide to focus on multiple cores. For energy usage this could be different materials or optical processors. The problems we are experiencing atm are not happening in a hundred years, but right now. Shouldn't we have to solve these first?
For the economical and technical limits the block reward halving enables us to to gradually solve these problems as they come up. Right now, and in the near and mid future, the block rewards pay enough, even in the following halvings. Afterwards in the further future miners, technology and society can decide what they need as an transaction cost for the block reward. Or maybe we as a society decided that mining is something the community should support and farms are (co-)funded by governments or other institutions.