@_author: jandre_lj
@_date: 2013-03-16 11:31:58
I'm gay. Thanks, though. Also, thanks for telling me what I believe. You're great. :D I just realize that you're just basically a spammer, so I've got nothing more to say to you. Have a nice life.
@_date: 2013-04-08 07:05:26
The government didn't make this argument, some individual named Emma Harriett made this argument and posted it as a petition on a government website allowing citizens to post their own online petitions (which are presumably later ignored by the government).
@_date: 2013-10-14 23:17:32
Esperanto estas un lingvo, Bitkoino estas mono... Tiu estas sufiĉe al diri ke la artikolo en la retpaĝo supre estas stulta. Neniu personoj adoptas Esperanton por la riĉo, ĉar Esperanto estas por tute malsamaj celoj. Bitkoino povas lerni nenio el Esperanto, eĉ la filozofio sub Esperanto estas malsama de Bitkoino filozofio.
@_date: 2013-01-30 08:49:55
An appeal to authority is not a fallacy, it is a form of argumentation, the fallacy arises only when:
* The appeal is to an illegitimate authority.
* The argument is claimed to be absolutely true when appeal to authority by it's nature is inductive (as opposed to deductive) and therefore cannot be absolute.
As themusicgod1 has used a person acknowledged to be intelligent (or brilliant, for consistency) by a wide community of people, then his appeal to that particular authority on the subject is in-fact *not fallacious*.
If you don't believe that Russell is brilliant or an expert on the subject of brilliance (and I personally believe he is, but that's just me), then you can claim themusicgod1 has made an *appeal to illegitimate authority* and therefore his statement is not true enough in this case of induction. Then you'd be tasked with formulating an argument that evidences that Russell is not an expert on the field of intelligence. 
This is all moot, anyway, because themusicgod1 was not making a formal argument, and definitely not a testable argument even for induction.
If you're going to claim arguments as fallacious rather than countering them with other arguments or responses (and I see lots of people doing that on this sub-reddit) please take the time to either a) get trained properly in argumentation b) at least learn what you're talking about.
@_date: 2013-03-22 00:40:45
Thanks for the response, I was curious how the Canadian situation would play out in those circumstances and I see that there is strength of claims involved, which I hadn't thought of. I know homesteading is involved, but what about the notion that when the British colonized America, they drew lines on a map of land already occupied by aboriginal people. Then, in turn, they guaranteed the property rights of settlers who took control of the 11% of the land mentioned above and retained control of the rest for future allotment. What of the natives?
@_date: 2013-03-17 04:43:09
Your credit will be so blown that you could not hope to raise a shilling and agents of the creditor will be breathing down your neck for years to come, if they can find you.
@_date: 2013-06-14 12:03:32
Nothing I said above precludes anything you've said there.
@_date: 2013-03-28 01:07:42
This is coming out of uninsured deposits, insured deposits will not be touched. They have a few options, the government doesn't have the money to bail out the two banks which have collapsed so either they let the banks fail completely and all uninsured deposits are lost or otherwise they bail out the banks by using a percentage of the uninsured deposits. They opted to use a percentage and keep the banks afloat rather than liquidating, with good reason, at least those with uninsured amounts can keep a portion of their money they wouldn't have otherwise kept. 
I hope this is a wakeup call to those who use Cypriot banks as a source of high-interest income: there's a reason the interest is so damn high! (I know at least one person who would say that these interest rates are too damn high.) Cyprus' banking system is done for, and good riddance to it, too.
@_date: 2013-04-18 11:21:43
Your question piqued my curiosity.
@_date: 2013-02-01 09:49:23
I didn't come here looking for life advice, nor did I come here to take shit from strangers on the internet who know nothing about me. How do you know I don't already have a well-paying job? You don't, you make baseless assumptions. I came here because I thought I could contribute to the discourse, that's all. It's obvious that I'm wasting my time, I'm done with you.
@_date: 2013-05-14 05:22:12
It's not a hit piece, this is a show for kids.
@_date: 2013-03-16 11:12:55
He's not ascribing supernatural powers to governments and morality is relative... Or did I miss something in his post? Anyway, not everyone shares your belief, and there's no right answer to moral questions. You can pontificate all you like, I don't necessarily disagree, but why should you expect someone to attempt to persuade you on a point that is ultimately unanswerable? 
@_date: 2013-10-15 01:56:47
La subsekcio por esperantistoj estas enuiga kaj estas ĉiam bona vidas esperantistojn el en la dezerto.
@_date: 2013-10-03 14:53:53
The judge is likely to understand this sort of reasoning, judges are, in general, fairly understanding of circumstances and motives of individuals in crimes, often this is reflected in diminished sentences and comments of judges in transcripts. It's not the judges that need convincing, it's the jury, and jurors sure aren't as experienced in criminal matters as judges, and it often shows in their verdicts.
@_date: 2013-02-01 06:39:40
Such choices largely depend on your optimal utility preference scale, don't they? Utility is subjective, so reasoning could lead to any option depending on preference. :D
@_date: 2013-04-08 22:41:48
That video seems to be full of assertions and inflammatory remarks backed up with little evidence, and I don't understand how it lends support to your statement that "technically citizens who support the use of government force are [...] part of the government". How is this a technical definition? Does that mean that when my grandmother says that gays shouldn't be allowed to get married, she's making an argument on behalf of the government (which already supports the contrary position) and therefore also technically a part of the government?
@_date: 2013-02-26 11:07:32
I dunno, I moved to Australia from Canada a few months ago, and savings accounts pay around 4-5% interest here, which is nearly 4 times as much as any Canadian account I've seen, and they all seem to pay up fairly regularly. No missed payments or complaints thereof that I've seen, which I think would be illegal anyway.
@_date: 2013-06-14 09:39:51
Presumably they still have to pay their electricity bills in non-Bitcoin funds, and the exchange rate could make mining less able to pay those bills if the rate is low. Just like a higher exchange rate in the past propped up GPU/FPGA miners despite increased difficulty when ASICs were still beginning to come into the market, a decreased exchange rate made them unprofitable and makes ASICs less profitable. Increased cost of operation (termed in BTC to USD) would lead to diminishing dividends and possibly a lower share price... 
@_date: 2013-03-16 11:21:45
I'm not defending him, I'm pointing out your misrepresentation of his position. I don't give a rats ass about the liberal world governments and their so-called 'welfare' to which he's pointing. My real point is to inquire how you can expect anyone to persuade you to believe otherwise on the point of a question relating to moral relativism when your mind has already been made up? Or is your challenge just a cherry on top of your moralistic flourish?
@_date: 2013-10-15 02:41:46
Haha, ĉi tio estas la unua okazo mi aŭdas ke Esperanton estas la Linukso da lingvoj! Sekve Anglo estas la Mikrosofto Fenestroj de lingvoj? Jes...? Mi pensas ke tion ne estas bona komparo. :P
@_date: 2013-05-20 16:00:09
Actually, not quite, it says "no state shall make any Thing but gold and silver Coin a *Tender* in Payment of Debts", but it doesn't stipulate that no state shall confiscate or otherwise register gold or silver. Such a prohibition may be found elsewhere (possibly, I'm not sure) but it isn't found in this section of the Constitution. The point of the section is that no state shall make anything other than gold or silver legal tender in order to prevent states from issuing their own competing (presumably fiat) currencies, except in the form of gold or silver, and the section doesn't bind the federal government in choosing whichever form of legal tender it likes, whether gold, silver, paper, large rocks or Bitcoin. (Naturally this is based on the assumption of continued value of gold and silver, an assumption which is still valid.)
This part of Section 10 does not prevent the state prohibition on the use of gold or silver, rather it stops the state from from forcing people to use the state's own currency rather than the federal currency, whatever the federal currency may be. 
@_date: 2013-01-30 21:30:32
Uhm, I have a degree in philosophy... And you're wrong. Turtles all the way down is a cosmological argument, not one pertinent to logic in this case. It seems to me that you're more into personal attacks than actual responses, so I'm going to stop talking to you now. (That's called *ad hominem* by the way, and it's an irrelevancy, in this case as in every.) Thanks.
@_date: 2013-02-26 11:17:00
The main point behind this is that the Labor party promised a budget surplus without compromise, and now they've realized that they won't be able to accomplish this without cutting social programs that enjoy wide support in Australia. I don't see how they could possibly fix a $15 billion deficit with $109 million in ultimately reversible seizures, and I don't understand why they don't just drop this silly pretense that they'll deliver a surplus this year and accept the budget deficit, Australia has some of the lowest debt levels in the developed world. 
Maybe it has to do with the oncoming election, but it seems the least politically toxic move is to allow a deficit as opposed to seizing people's bank accounts or cutting popular social programs in the name of deficit reduction. Alas, such is the nature of Australian politics, it often makes no sense and the budget deficit is now inevitable anyway.
@_date: 2013-03-21 06:12:29
89% of Canada's land is legally owned by the Crown (the Canadian government), however they do rent this land out if you'd like to live on it, but retain control. The other 11% land is also owned by the Crown, however the government provides tenures on the land and all of us who live in this 11% of Canada hold a tenancy over the land rather than actually owning the land in a lawful sense, we have fee simple ownership and control, but we do not have allodial ownership over the land which is reserved for the State with paramount control. As such, the Crown is the ultimate landlord, and all other property rights stem from the Crown's monopoly on all land ownership (whether rented or leased). The same is true in Australia except for native land titles.
Putting this forth, do you believe the Canadian government is also an aggressor even though it fulfils conditions of an owner? If it fulfils the conditions of an owner, does it then have the right to force you to leave without being an aggressor, being the rightful owner of the land? Or do you believe that the fact that my occupation of land in Canada means that I have ultimate control of what happens with this land and therefore ownership? If so, why should I pay my (non-governmental) landlord apartment rent who ultimately pays the government property taxes? Is it not analogous that if I refuse to pay my landlord, citing my control of the land, it is the same as him to not pay the Canadian government citing his control of the land?