@_author: jane-rand
@_date: 2013-01-20 09:26:15
We're currently in usability beta, so current limits should be considered "test ride". Currently, you can't upload your hard-drive, but in the future, you quite possibly could.
Our space quotas will be less generous than Mr. Dotcom's, since we 
1) are a small start-up
2) intend to give total data privacy assurance, thus don't utilize convergent encryption and can not de-duplicate (duplicate detection, as well as "known offender contact" detection does not work when you use salts and stronger cipher operation modes), which is the price we have to pay for our commitment to provable data privacy assurance.
@_date: 2013-01-18 18:43:26
With all due respect, Coca-Cola isn't defunct the way MegaUpload is.
As to whether Mega.co.nz is indeed a continuation of Megaupload brand or a separate lineage... that's a fascinating question, actually!  And I upvote you for it.
Is there a formal process for declaring a "brand" dead? When is a brand dead, exactly?
When it is no longer registered with a trademark office in US ? When customers no longer associate it with a product ? When a bunch of slobbering RIAA hounds sink their teeth into the parent company ?
@_date: 2013-01-18 20:52:27
Actually, no.
We're a small, mom-and-pop file hosting enterprise with an intent to be as user-friendly, open-source and transparent as a cryptographically enhanced file hosting service can be. We intend to be a file hosting service. A nice one.
mega.co.nz is an endeavor that starts in the millions and intends to cover niches from file sharing to collaboration.
Also, mega.co.nz and megareload.se have very different philosophies when it comes to crypto.
We do AES in the browser, with key material being derived from a user-supplied password (so you could send a sensitive file via megareload.se , call the recipient and tell him/her the passphrase)
mega.co.nz uses public key cryptography, so people will be dealing with either RSA or ECC keypairs there (RSA, one would assume if the published teaser screenshots are correct  ) which offers a radically different usability and security profile.
@_date: 2013-01-19 07:27:11
I'll tell Aparna to fix all the bits and pieces on the site that you've mentioned (we initially planned to release in september 2012, but, alas...).
As to whether companies have ways of monitoring "specialized" content-sharing sites, yes, they do (I happen to know for a fact, but won't share since my NDA with previous employer is still in effect, and what kind of ex-employee breaks an NDA ^_~ ? )
As to takedown notices, if a complaining party provides us with a link, its appropriate password and (most importantly) an infringement notification compliant with laws of jurisdictions we are involved with (see FAQ), we will take down the link. However, as you correctly observed, there exists no technologically feasible way of preemptively scanning the content.
As to Java thing, we're currently compiling feedback we have so far received at support* and suggestions* (Do drop us a line there, BTW) and if a lot of people see Java as a problem, we might also consider making a Flash uploader/downloader.
Would Flash alleviate your concern ?
As to download manager, it's coming soon, it will be open source (we do realize the implications, but we're committed to openness). 
@_date: 2013-01-19 05:40:18
Well, the Bradlee denial in our FAQ pertains more to relationships we may or may not have with file hosting services that are currently operational.
And I am pretty sure no one is confusing us with another currently operational web service - especially not mega.co.nz who differ visually, functionally, and, might I say, philosophically (see below).
One has to wonder, at which point something is considered to "have something to do" with a currently nonexistent entity ? ;-)
@_date: 2013-01-20 09:20:01
I've clarified with Mr. Halls.
We use AES with salting, and as such cannot have deduplication. We know we will pay dearly in term of user account limits, but what you loose in terms of "free" (as in "free beer") space, you gain in data privacy and peace of mind.
No preemptive content screening, wide-scale content removals, or fishing expeditions are possible with megareload.
We can not know anything about the file you upload until someone sends us the password - neither whether it's duplicate, nor anything else. Total data privacy assurance
In case of "offending content" complaint, content has to be identified from submitted info (link, password, properly formed complaint in accordance with laws of jurisdictions listed in FAQ) and removed on a case-by-case basis.
And **yes we will have uploader incentives**, for which Bitcoin seems perfectly suited