@_author: jantai
@_date: 2017-06-12 23:31:53
Excellent response. I appreciate you taking the time to give such a comprehensive answer.
Since Bitcoin is open-source, could someone essentially copy-and-paste the code, add augmentations (to incentivize their new currency), and create a Bitcoin 2.0 themselves? Thus making the Bitcoin cap moot?
Additionally, in developed currencies (Euro, Yen, USD), changes in the monetary supply (and subsequently interest rates) actually DOES affect the valuation of other currencies. Say, the European Central Bank becomes more hawkish (interest rate increasing), which means that they will slow the increase of the money supply. This will devalue the USD since the Euro now yields a higher interest rate. However, this doesn't normally create a massive change in relative valuations, which I think you implied in your response when you said "little effect". 
It sounds like you are optimistic about Bitcoin's asset value in the long run since it is decentralized, secured, and has a fixed monetary supply (so it's immune to the workings of those damn central banks...). But what about the short run? When I see Bitcoin rising parabolically in price, I immediately become skeptical... it seems to me that it is incredibly difficult for the layman to secure or even understand Bitcoin (Mt. Gox comes to mind). I think most people are still scared of cryptocurrency, and so, a lot of the recent rise in value would be due to speculation and not actual demand. Do you have any thoughts on this?
@_date: 2017-06-12 22:52:26
But could altcoin potentially leach value from Bitcoin?
You make a good argument, but the main issue with the analogy is that there are massive barriers to entry of establishing reputable fiat currencies (creating a nation, developing a solid economy, etc. etc.). It seems to me that the barriers to entry to establish a reputable cryptocurrency are much smaller. 
What does bitcoin have on these other cryptos? Scale? Name recognition? 
I am not looking to argue, but to be proven wrong. This is a big question that I've been wrestling with recently. 
@_date: 2017-06-12 22:44:42
The system would collapse if the US didn't raise the debt ceiling... if we aren't able to acquire more cheap debt (due to low interest rates) to service our more expensive (higher interest rate) debts, we default. And a myriad of massive issues would arise from that situation