@_author: janus_grayden
@_date: 2017-11-05 13:31:18
Yes, I agree 100%. Crypto transactions are really cumbersome from a UX experience. That is certainly the biggest hurdle right now. People need to be able to buy crypto and transfer it in maybe like one or two steps for it to really replace credit cards.
Basically, it needs to be as easy as Paypal.
@_date: 2017-11-04 16:17:52
Too many people are conflating the importance of having *some* kind of cryptocurrency with the validity of Bitcoin as an investment. It's completely specious reasoning and I'm positive that a lot of people who promote that line of thinking are willfully misleading for exactly the reasons you laid out. I don't think I'd call it a scam, per se, but I do believe that it's getting intentionally inflated to provide value for the fortunate few while the majority of people are left holding the bag.
I like that cryptocurrency has been getting more attention because of the success of Bitcoin, but I think that a substantial portion of that attention is entirely focused on the wrong thing. Cryptocurrency isn't a way to print money for yourself. The whole foundational purpose is to decentralize the medium of exchange. Instead, everyone's being told to just buy up Bitcoin and sit on it.
@_date: 2017-11-04 17:15:10
Sure, like I'd mentioned, I think that the increased attention is a net positive. But I'm concerned that all of the new interest in cryptocurrencies has been primed in a counterproductive way.
When the bottom falls out, will the interest last? Are the people who are getting into crypto now ever actually use it as a medium of exchange or will they always see it as nothing more than a means of speculation?
The very best thing for a currency is for it to move around and change hands as much as possible. I'm concerned that the future of cryptocurrency is going to involve a painful, shaky process where people will need to stop thinking of it as the hot new speculative investment and start thinking about its actual merits. I'm worried that is going to be a more difficult process than simply having sold people on those merits to begin with.