@_author: janus5
@_date: 2019-11-30 15:09:42
Love the app.
@_date: 2018-06-16 05:15:58
Same boat. Was still considering funding my mt.gox account when it got hacked. But the only thing that keeps me sane is realizing the only way I would have hodled all the way to the ath was either if I could see the future or just plain forgot about them. 
Would have sold way before and been happy with a couple K. Meh.
@_date: 2017-11-08 01:53:07
I think the problem now is that bitcoin has become nonfunctional as a currency. Why would you buy a pizza with it if you think you could buy a franchise in a year or two if you hang on? 
Central banks can counter a deflationary spiral (ie your money can buy way more stuff if you keep it under your mattress for a year) by printing more money- not so with bitcoin. 
And in a deflationary environment you still have to spend ‘some’ money- again not so with bitcoin as fiat is still dominant and you can pay your rent with that. 
As long as the stuff you can buy with 1 btc wildly increases month by month it will never function as a currency. 
I’ve personally observed in African countries with hyperinflation that people spend their money as fast as they can for exchangeable tokens with relatively fixed value- cell phone minute cards for instance. Those cards are then used as defacto currency because people want to know what stuff is worth day to day. 
Currencies need relative stability. Growth comes from investment, and the minute ‘currency’ becomes a growth vehicle it ceases to become a currency.  
@_date: 2018-06-15 02:32:05
Actually it seems to me that the significant thing is the SEC recognizes a coin/token can be a security at ICO but morph its economic purpose over its lifecycle. 
Wisely they have decided not to close the barn door after the horse has left in the case of ETH- but expect new ICOs to be considered securities in many cases. What will be interesting is how a coin/token will register the transition between security and utility/asset. 
@_date: 2018-02-26 05:05:02
You are exactly right. Deflationary pressure on currency (its worth more over time) is not good, but leads to interesting thought experiments. 
One example is personal debt. Under ‘normal’ 2% inflation, your debt is worth 2% less annually, compounded. 
Your income, assuming cost of living increases matching inflation, remains constant, making it easier to pay debt over time. 
This factor is adjusted by the interest rate on the debt, so the lenders make a profit, but only if the interest rate is higher than the average inflation rate. 
In the reverse scenario- your debt is worth 2% more per year, compounded. Your income is likely reduced annually, to keep it constant. 
Interest rates in this case would be odd. The lender in effect gets 2% for just holding the debt, perhaps they could add a point if you have bad credit for example or I suppose negative interest rates if good. 
The thing is that people would always be inclined to spend less as they are likely to keep getting paid nominally less. Nominal costs of items would also drop, leading eventually to strange things like buying lambos with pocket change. Or finding a dirty nickel on the street and being rich! 
Ultimately in a ‘free market’ prices and wages are either going to spiral up (inflation) or spiral down (deflation) in nominal terms as people try to exploit what is essentially currency arbitrage (worker asks for a raise so he can buy more stuff, business charges more so they can pay the worker, worker 2 asks for a raise so he can afford the stuff the business just raised the price on). 
Frankly given a constant ‘real’ economic output, inflation makes more intuitive sense than deflation. 
The controls a central bank can leverage to control this behavior are interest rates and ‘printing money’.  It’s the lack of an intelligent adjustment of the latter that has most cryptos on a deflationary spiral. Yes I know, central banks are made of people and people are corruptable. 
The central theory of Bitcoin et al is that while people can be corrupted, code cannot (this seems to be debateable lately- after all, people code it!). Perhaps something could be coded in whatever supersedes the current mining method of coin generation that intelligently reacts to the crypto ‘inflation rate’ and adjusts coin generation accordingly- to let’s say a nice comfortable 2% inflation ;)
@_date: 2018-02-02 19:01:50
Ding ding ding!
@_date: 2018-04-14 00:47:17
This