@_author: japanembassy
@_date: 2017-12-08 00:20:52
So why would we want to replace one broken system with another (even worse) one? Only reason some bitcoin advocates want bitcoin to replace mainstream currencies is so they can become rich
@_date: 2017-12-08 02:16:55
Why is it a good solution, and what is it a solution to? Bitcoin as a currency would be bad news for most people in the world. There are only a few million bitcoin and almost 8 billion people. Some early adopters already hold thousands of bitcoins. A few million bitcoins have also been lost. Bitcoin replacing other currencies would create an extremely disproportionate wealth distribution, giving a very unfair advantage to early adopters, and a very unfair disadvantage to those who adopts it late. How is it fair to have a currency that would base your future and new net worth on the date you exchanged for it? Imagine if someone never heard of bitcoin, and suddenly in the future they are told that their lifetime of saving and working in fiat is suddenly worth bread crumbs in the new crypto currency? While someone else who possessed the same amount of fiat currency, has become ridiculously wealthy, for no other reason than because he exchanged some of his savings a few years earlier. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 00:57:20
There could also be several pages written about the many problems with it being a possible currency. Some of the big ones include extreme energy use, unfair advantages based on how early you got in, the deflationary aspect, etc. The best case I see it being used for is a trading/gambling asset.
@_date: 2017-12-08 00:03:40
Regardless of where the dollar goes, how can bitcoin be a currency for the world when most people who buy it just hoard them? When all of them are mined and none left because everyone who bought them is just hoarding them? A good currency needs to be stable. Deflation like bitcoin is just as bad as inflation. We would have to be insane to adopt bitcoin as a main currency. There are surely better solutions than that.