@_author: japanesephile
@_date: 2014-01-29 05:25:00
There is a lot going on in the picture if you connect the dots. 
If the fed can't win and the U.S. dollar is no longer a store of value and inflation is rampant, people will seek things that can be used as a store of value and that can't be taken away. AKA bitcoin. 
if IT professionals want to get paid in bitcoin, they no longer have to use banks in the traditional sense, only to maybe receive some USD for the bitcoins they sold to pay taxes and some other services. 
If IT professionals start getting paid and storing their money in bitcoins, the banks get no or fewer deposits. 
In other words the fed is playing a game it can't win, the banks and their CEOs are taking advantage of it and making tons of money and paying themselves huge salaries in an unsustainable vicious cycle that will have to end in either mass recession, or hyperinflation of the dollar, or maybe even both. At the same time those paid in bitcoin will most likely see there assets go up, and more people will want to get paid in bitcoin as the value of bitcoin will most likely go up as it  is actually backing an economy little by little (people are getting paid in it for their services) and  those with us dollars will want to diversify or consider hedging with bitcoin or some of the more risk-taking ones or people who truly believe the US dollar will go to nothing will use bitcoin as a store of value. 
Whether or not this will happen soon is hard to say, and whether or not it will be this easy to go into bitcoin and whether the government will allow such capital outflows is difficult, but what we do know is  you can't stop bitcoin, and just like argentina, people will want to store their value in something that isn't losing value, can't be confiscated at will, and other people are willing to pay for and  The U.S. has massive debt, 10 year treasure note interest rates are rising, and they are printing tons of money to "stimulate" the economy. if this printing stuff, economy will most likely have a panic, or at the very least financial markets will go haywire because they are being propped up by it (this is a subject of debate, but in my opinion it looks pretty obvious) and the real economy will probably have to absorb some of the fall out of financial collapse like 2008. If the government decides to continue to printing money, sooner or later the US dollar will be losing its purchasing power at abnormal rates, its "Real" value will be obscured, it will lose its place as a reserve currency, and less and less people will take use it as a form of payment, especially considering such inflation would be "backed" by the excessive debt the government has. 
@_date: 2014-01-30 18:42:43
If you look at report, the majority of this was caused by a tax benefit. The actual net income didn't go up much due to operating activites. this is why the stock is getting sold in mass numbers. The "Growth" (there was barely any) was due to a tax benefit. Regardless the selling seems excessive, Looks like a bargain at this rate
@_date: 2014-02-01 23:00:22
Yes very true in the context of bitcoins. Regardless author used time and energy to mine the coins. I'm not sure how long author mined more, but presumably he could've also had a hand in raising difficulty. 
@_date: 2014-10-18 14:59:18
This doesn't necessarily mean there is massive inflation. because much of the money being introduced into the monetary system is being used to settle debts. The truth is the majority of the "money" out there is actually credit, or promises to pay, and that can spiral out of control in good times, and create much more inflation than printing money can, unless we really go overboard. But since the economy is relatively mild as of late, and we are undergoing a deleveraging, their is not ample credit expansion or excess spending, which prevents the credit cycle from getting overly exuberant. 
While this is true for the time being, I do think these policies are getting out of hand and another credit bubble is around the corner as there have been no real structural changes and debt is still extremely cheap. The only issue is before the financial crisis pretty much everyone was considered credit worthy (No job! no down payment! get a mortgage!) but now banks are much more privy. 
Watch this video to get a further understanding" 
Tl;Dr, lack of massive credit expansion and increase in savings and paying down of debt is preventing gov printing from creating massive inflation. 
@_date: 2014-03-30 10:29:41
more buyers than sellers
@_date: 2014-02-01 22:51:21
very true. I agree. But when the ability to donate is so frictionless and easy like bitcoin is, it really makes me wonder what the priorities of the author was. sending bitcoins to sean's outpost takes no more effort than deleting them. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 08:53:39
I've said this from the start, when I saw people here raving about pizza joints and subways accepting bitcoins. Bitcoins big use won't be widespread consumer use in the real world. Bitcoins real value is in moving big amounts of money across borders with very little to no fees and almost instantly. Imagine hedgefunds, real estate, developers, and the like moving 500 million+ across borders in with very little fees and just have to wait for 3 confirmations or so to make the transaction essentially final. That is real power. a transaction like that in the real world could cost an insane amount of money (a couple of 100,000s?) and definitely not be quick, especially if the two countries in question aren't financial integrated. Transactions like this happen daily behind the scenes where companies, governments, and very rich individuals move millions to billions of dollars and pay a lot of money to banks in order to do so. Bitcoin will make the whole process significantly easier.
The other market which has always been huge for bitcoin is remittances, where again, instant use and such isn't that big of a deal and you wouldn't scam the person you are sending remittances too. 
As for consumer use and pizza and stuff. I think, imo this will be coinkite/neo and bee, situation. instead of having banks be the place where you store your savings and all your money, you would keep a "hot" amount of money in your coinkite or neo and bee account (or whatever services pop up in the future) then just use a credit card that is backed to the bitcoins in your account. Bitcoin just isn't fast enough for real world use in these situations like buying coffee or fast food, where as many have pointed here, the company needs to move lines fast to avoid losing customers. even a 10% increase in customer processing could be too much. 
Lastly, each individual merchant will have to determine whether he will allow bitcoin transactions as well as a bitcoin credit card thing. Frankly, for things like expensive electronics I dont mind paying 2-3% more for consumer protection. A lot of people complain about credit cards and how much costs they add to a business, that, in turn, get passed on too consumers, but at the same time people forget just how useful credit cards are: Consumer protection, rewards, buy on credit, etc. 
@_date: 2014-03-27 17:04:23
The Exchanges themselves have said that it isn't true. Frankly I don't believe anything any media source says, I want to hear it all from the exchanges. That said I would take my bitcoins off Chinese exchanges in the mean time 
@_date: 2014-01-28 07:02:46
Increased competition Will drive fees down, and is already happening in my opinion. I highly doubt any of this will ever be free or non for profit-supported because this is a service people are willing to pay for, and on top of that there are fees regarding moving money (wire transfers, ACH, etc), compliance fees, server fees, and salaries to pay to customer service reps, security experts etc. 
In other words, In order to have an institution that matters that changes usd to bitcoins (aka one that is trustworthy, secure, has good customer service, is compliant, available, and fast) costs money to operate on a daily basis, and the service they provide is one that many people are willing to pay for. Competition and increased demand for bitcoin will drive the fees down, but for now there I don't mind paying coinbase 1% or w/e for them to convert my usd to coins because They are providing an amazing service that I'm sure would be unfeasible to do for free. 
@_date: 2014-09-16 20:25:53
I don't know about the FUD part, but the whole mining inflation part imo is very true. Beneath it all what is happening is since competition is so stiff, and everyone has pretty much the same technology at the moment, as well as difficulty has gone up while Price of bitcoin has gone down recently, the margin that mining operators keep has gone down by multiple %, while scale has gone up.
Let me give an example. Assume back in 2013 you could mine 100k$ worth of coins with 50k$ worth of expenses. The actual nominal amounts don't matter, what matter is the relative margins. In this case you keep 50% of your revenues, and use the other 50% to pay off expenses. Nowadays we have mines with 1000k+ in expenses and mine probably 1300k worth of bitcoin (again numbers are made up, but the point is scale is up) they make 6x the money in this case, 300k versus 50k, but the margin now is down substantially, as you have to use more than 50% of your revenue to cover expenses.
With the increases in hash rate and the price of bitcoin at the moment, i assume a lot of mines are needing to sell off a lot of coins to pay off expenses. I don't quite think EVERY coin is being sold, but unless these guys are borrowing in the meantime, they must be selling coins to pay off their expenses.
@_date: 2014-02-01 21:34:05
How is destroying value the right way to go? There are people in every country struggling to make ends meet, and in some countries, barely even making a dollar a day and you think its okay for some journalist who cares about the "ethics" of his writing (in reality they are caring about how they are judged/perceived) to literally destroy value. at the time it was worth 1334~ dollars, now obviously a lot more. 
The funny part is he also expended energy mining this as well. it wasn't even like he was given it for free. He should've given it away to sean's outpost, that could've literally saved someone's life and made a difference, but instead he chose to destroy value.
@_date: 2014-02-20 23:21:48
I disagree. Gox is keeping bitcoin down, and yes I understand some people are tied to it, but that doesn't mean we should keep supporting an organization that keeps 
1. not communicating properly with the community
2. Constantly being touted, incorrectly,as the biggest/legitimate bitcoin exchange
3. blaming bitcoins instead of taking responsibility. 
Like others have said, Gox isn't real bitcoin and its hurting bitcoins image and legitimacy. Since mt.gox issues in april/may the community has constantly questioned mt.gox's legitimacy. 
On top of all this people have constantly mentioned and reiterated that you should NOT keep your money in exchange website or any other site for that matter. 
Ultimately this is bad news of course. I do agree people here can get a bit sidetracked. People might/have/will lose money, bitcoins legitimacy is being question and this will most likely impede progress on other fronts on some level. 
But at same time this process proves that no single exchange/person/business should dictate bitcoin and no single entity represents it. Gox came to its position by being one the first legitimate, trustworthy exchange and as such has had substantial hegemony in the media, but that trustworthiness has eroded substantially and even though some people, who as others have mentioned have been consistenly warned against mtgox, may go down with the ship, we must cut out the infection. Hopefully everyone does get their money back and maybe ( I doubt it) mtgox fixes itself and becomes a transparent, trustworthy, and stable part of the bitcoin community, but until then, stay away from gox. 
@_date: 2013-12-10 00:42:14
He's about to go on CNN
@_date: 2013-11-20 14:03:39
I don't think people quite yet realize the extent of how much money is at play here. People are gambling grands at just-dice, trusting dooglus with thousands upon thousands of btc. Alot of these exchanges, with the recent price surge, are literally holding millions and millions of usd worth in BTC. 
I don't know if its cause its bitcoins or what. But tons of people are just tossing it around like its some sort of video game currency forgetting that bitcoins can easily "disappear". since they can be moved quickly and under a variety of ways and under many guises, one can never be sure of anything. I don't know when people will take this seriously. this isn't a joke anymore, don't trust people you wouldn't give your CC info or anything else with your bitcoins 
@_date: 2013-06-21 23:17:59
I don't know why anyone would gamble at satoshi anyways. its 1.8% house edge over there, which means there a 3.6% differential (51.8%/48.2%). 
Also the Pre-roll option is sick 
Good too see some other competitors