@_author: jareds
@_date: 2016-02-27 07:37:31
I meant real shipping companies. :-D Really I just wanted to get the point out there that zero-knowledge verifications don't include everything you can do on the internet.
But even in cryptonerd world, you may as well just have the shipping company sign its shipping receipts. Paying based on a published hash tree requires that the package be shipped before^1 the buyer creates the verifier and commits the coins.
^1 Yes, real shipping companies often give you tracking numbers before the shipper tenders the shipment. But that only makes things worse from a commitment perspective.
@_date: 2016-02-29 01:51:16


TLS streams don't prove anything except that someone with the given public key was running a web server, because TLS doesn't provide non-repudiation.  The client and server use the PKI to create a master secret that is then used to generate shared keys for encryption and authentication.  Because the keys are shared, the authentication doesn't prove anything to third parties.  To be a little more concrete:
1. Client and server use PKI to generate shared secrets including an HMAC key HK1.
2. Server sends an encrypted message M plus HMAC(HK1,M).
3. Client computes HMAC(HK1,M) independently and checks that it matches.
Nothing stops the client from computing HMAC(HK1,M2).  This is secure against third-party attacks because only the client and server know HK1 (unless one of them blabbed) but it doesn't prove which of the parties authenticated the message.


tlsnotary appears to be a clever strategy in which an Auditor and Auditee mutually pose as one client, with an interactive protocol that allows Auditee to commit to the HMAC output before learning the HMAC key.  This allows the Auditee to prove to the Auditor that the server said X.  It doesn't prove anything to fourth parties who don't trust the Auditor.  It doesn't allow the Auditor to be the type of verification program in play here, because it is inherently interactive.
Of course, for the ZKCP, the parties could agree on the public key of a trusted Auditor and allow that Auditor to sign a message whose contents the verifier would accept.  However, it is then three parties, not two, and loses most of the advantage over simpler escrow.
@_date: 2016-02-27 04:13:09
The verification must be a completely self-contained computation based only on the input.  You could send coins to be released to &lt;Seller, if Seller provides a number that matches the format of a shipping tracking number&gt; but not to &lt;Seller, if Seller provides a number that exists as a tracking number in Shipping Company's database&gt;.  I thus can't imagine anything useful from shipping tracking number input.