@_author: jarjarbinky
@_date: 2015-12-09 02:03:03
This is weird. I remember about a year ago, Satoshi's e-mail compromised (apparently the password could be retrieved with a simple birthday entry). The hacker posted a picture of a MS Paint "blurred" out shipping address as "proof", and some of the forum members used photoshop to try to reveal the name, and it ended up being an Australian professor - which is a pretty weird coincidence.
Unfortunately I can't find it now.... does anyone know what I am talking about?
[Found it!](
Luckily I had posted in the reddit post and was able to find it. [Here is the image that was the "supposed" shipping address](
[And here's one of John Anthony Gear's scholarly papers]( and [another](
Might have absolutely nothing to do with the current article. Just found it interesting that this shipping address ended up being a scholar from Australia, and now we have an Australian claiming to be Satoshi....
@_date: 2014-09-09 03:11:47
Would be interesting.... did some research on "John Anthony Gear" tho and he looks like he teaches in Australia... so why is the address in the US? Plus, "Anthony Gear" doesnt necessarily mean "John Anthony Gear". 
But, John Anthony Gear does look like a smart guy based on all the physics/math research papers I see. Not much on computers tho, so I'm leaning towards this not being him. Would be cool to finally know tho
@_date: 2014-09-20 16:04:28
Sorry, but I don't think you understand how bitcoin works.
You can't even compare Paypal to bitcoin. Paypal is more of an escrow service, giving protection to buyers. Bitcoin is more like a currency. Direct bitcoin transactions offer no protection to the buyer.
Escrow services for bitcoin will eventually pop up anyway as buyers demand protection, and the fees will be similar to paypal.
If you want to send money to a family member or friend, you can send it over paypal as a gift, which charges no fee. However, with bitcoin, you always have to pay a transaction fee, currently around 5 cents.
It isn't faster. With bitcoin, you have to wait for confirmations.
Bitcoin is better in a lot of ways, but not in the ways you describe. It is better because it is decentralized, deflationary (debatable), better for transactions across borders, and more anonymous.
@_date: 2014-09-09 00:37:11
[Nitrogen Sports]( currently offers SC2 betting. Not a LoL fan myself, but definitely been making bank on these SC2 bets :)