@_author: jasonbdavis
@_date: 2017-08-24 14:59:09
I only see three mistakes. 
1. You bought at the ath. You never buy an ALT at the all time high. 
2. You bought of bunch of shit coins or coins with massive coin supply that don't tackle immediate real-world needs or support fundamentals use cases for the masses. 
3. Hype. You bought coins based on hype. Could be considered fomo. 
When people say shit like, DGB 50x is faster than bitcoin, great. It's technically 50,000x more useless. 
I'm not hating. My original invest of 20k at the ath in June dumped me at 9k 30 days later. Fast forward 60 more days and I'm sitting on 72k 
Strategy? Don't believe the hype, only buy low supply coins with strong value propositions that solve real problems, not futuristic ones, buy on the dip, and HODL. 
Everyone of those I bought on the low. Some rose and fell but I held through it. I'm not a trader. I'm an investor. I have a full time job, a startup, and a full family to care for. I don't have time to "beat the market" let alone beat off. So, buy quality, hold long term, set sell offs, walk away. 
The true name of the game is to convert your alt gains into BTC anyway. 
@_date: 2017-09-06 22:36:29
There's way more to Hoard than round ups. The platform requires gas to maintain all platform transactions. There are a ton of transactions. To make it a bit more interesting, offering up minted coin, based on staking, to cover those transaction fees can go a long way for people. 
Currency swaps, peer to peer network, atomic conversions, merchant integration... it's a lot to build out. 
But, I appreciate your opinion. 
@_date: 2017-09-06 22:16:25
There's a lot more to the platform than just spare change. Some additional features include; instant currency swaps, peer to peer payments, merchant services, etc...
But the overall tone, some seem to miss, is easy and simplicity for new hands, new money. No complicated KYC or long wait times, No exchange trading (orderbooks) to content with, currency splits made simple.
