@_author: jasus
@_date: 2015-04-08 20:25:04
Calling it tribal is extreme, but I do agree that nationality isn't too important as long as appropriate regional considerations are made.
@_date: 2015-04-08 18:43:46
They weren't allowing withdrawals for two months despite claiming otherwise, so technically they still have those users hostage.
@_date: 2015-04-08 20:22:03
I see, they may have been concerned about compromised withdrawal addresses, but if that was their primary concern they certainly lacked any transparency. At least the very persistent were able to make actual withdrawals, thanks for the information.
@_date: 2015-04-08 19:41:25
That's interesting, I tried to withdraw on five different occasions over this span of time, each time their withdraw function was disabled and informed me to check twitter for updates (of which there were none, only unanswered questions from other users).
They didn't even respond to any of my direct inquiries, unacceptable; I'm glad that you were able to withdraw though.
@_date: 2015-04-08 18:40:46
CAVirtex was claiming to allow withdrawals during their shutdown, but they disabled that function for two months and claimed otherwise. Now it's apparent to me that they wanted to keep a certain level of client assets to make themselves attractive for an acquisition.
Their reputation was great until their deception during the claimed shutdown. 
@_date: 2013-11-06 23:51:22
I watched through his videos last night and subscribed, it's definitely helpful for those who might be missing out on a concept or two behind bitcoin!
@_date: 2013-11-07 03:01:07
I only have a BA in Economics and a mutual fund license, but I'll share what I think. I would love to hear opinions from 
anyone with differing and more insightful opinions than myself!
I've definitely been contemplating what governments may do as well, the main concern for any government would be
black market transactions, laundering money, and non-reported income. I feel like governments
would look at their possible policy outcomes before implementation, and this would result in 
a win for bitcoin.
Imagine the worst reaction a government could have in our eyes, if they were to ban both the use of bitcoin in
business transactions and the actual accrual of bitcoins. The result of this is that most registered businesses would comply and cease accepting 
bitcoins, while all black market activity would continue unimpeded (their transactions are already illegal, it makes no difference). Some
registered businesses may even choose not to stop bitcoin transactions and continue to not report bitcoin income (in this case nothing has changed as they wouldn't
have reported this income before the anti-bitcoin policies). 
Now, assuming that the government only hindered legitimate business, not only would this have large administration and policing costs, but it would ultimately be detrimental to profitability of businesses (bitcoin provides lower fees) and possibly even decrease GDP per capita (there are still bitcoin owners, recall, and they may choose to buy internationally with their bitcoin wealth, no matter what equilibrium price it happens to be at). Any governments denouncing bitcoin would just be driving bitcoin owners into the international market.
Ultimately what my quick thought experiment results in is that anti-bitcoin policies would not be advantageous to governments. 
These ideas need to be fleshed out a bit more, but this is my general thought process as to government regulation.
@_date: 2013-11-07 05:30:55
You definitely have a valid point, there's been quite a few instances of policies in which the optimal economic path hasn't been taken (in fact the opposite in many cases). I'm expecting the topic of an emerging secondary currency to be less polarizing than the topic of mind altering substances, especially since bitcoin has features of a commodity. 
@_date: 2013-11-07 05:28:56
Good point, I can imagine the long-term repercussions of a switch to an uncontrollable currency (not being able to manipulate the money supply, exchange rates, and interest rates); however, governments tend to be notoriously focused on the short-term, and I'm hoping the fact that bitcoin provides economic benefits may tip fortune in its favour. 
Edit: Spelling
Edit2: The Canadian government has [posted a notice]( letting citizens know that they should be reporting income and/or capital gains from bitcoin transactions. 
@_date: 2013-11-07 03:12:11
Awesome, thank you!!