@_author: jav_rddt
@_date: 2016-08-21 17:32:56
Thanks for the link and summary - very interesting!
I listened to the podcast and it seems to me that Abra is claiming to have created a "stablecoin" based on CFDs (contract for difference).
So the 'digital dollar' is a smart contract that implements this CFD and essentially says something like: for this smart contract you can get $1 worth of bitcoins in 4 days. If we have Alice, who wants to have a digital dollar, and Bob, who is willing to 'go long' then we can arrange this as follows: On day 1 Alice puts into the smart contract $1 worth of bitcoins and Bob puts in $1 worth of bitcoins as well. On day 4 Alice gets $1 worth of bitcoins out and Bob gets to keep the rest - if the price has fallen he loses some, if the price has risen he has increased his Bitcoin stack.
The question is then, how does the smart contract know the exchange rate of USD to bitcoin. It's living on the blockchain so doesn't have access to external data. I would assume that Abra is providing this data feed, but that makes them a bit more involved then the total 'hands off' impression the CEO is giving. (And also adds a small counterparty risk - if Abra disappears, those smart contracts can probably not settle correctly.)
Secondly: Who is Bob? The CEO seems to say "large holders of Bitcoin", but somehow claims that by taking this side do not take on any risk. I don't see how that can be true. They leverage their Bitcoin exposure. The CEO says "they are already long anyway", so maybe he doesn't consider the leveraged risk to be any additional risk - not true though. And also: being long Bitcoin over several years is different then being long for 4 days. The latter is day trading and very risky in the cryptocurrency space.
Interesting conversation, but leaves some questions unanswered. Looking forward to those blog posts that the CEO mentioned!
@_date: 2014-11-30 23:01:54
The article doesn't seem to outline any actual attacks. What would you like to achieve with your "drive by" attack? Pay another person's bill? That would certainly be possible. =)
@_date: 2014-12-09 16:21:59
Regarding "They go out of business": If they disappeared tomorrow and you would have to manually create transactions, then I believe you also need to know all six public keys (or am I wrong about this?).
So if you, let's say, only have two of the private keys, you still can't create a valid withdraw transaction, because you only have the P2SH address (3...), which is a hash of a script that lists all six public keys. In the withdraw transaction you will need to include that script, and at the moment I can't see how one would reconstruct those.
So I think it's important that everyone who has a private key also has a list of all six public keys, in case manual transaction creation (or import into another tool) is necessary some day.
 Am I right about this? If so, it might be nice, if the print view of the offline key generation tool would already list those public keys.
@_date: 2014-01-09 08:37:07
Thanks! I'm afraid there is no such setting at the moment, it's all in euros. Could be an interesting feature though!
@_date: 2014-10-12 12:41:45
Hey Andy, awesome upgrade of your fluid dispenser!
I'm currently working on a new version of my Bitcoin NFC POS prototype ( see  ), which uses pretty much the same approach. I'd be interested to compare notes, if you are willing to share? Specifically, I'd be interested to hear what NFC hardware you are using and what your technology stack looks like. Are you developing in C and using libnfc? Is any of your software open source or would you prefer to keep it closed for now?
@_date: 2014-01-08 22:17:49
I'll address your post by offering a different perspective on what the service offered is. It's essentially the often-requested "buy-as-you-spend" feature of Coinbase. Many people realize, that Bitcoin might be an excellent store of value in the long term, but certainly is not a good store of value in the short term. That's why they want to spend fiat from their bank account instead, by replenishing their Bitcoin balance right after making a transaction. Bridgewalker allows you to do the same thing in a more general way, at the cost of having to first move your fiat to a Bridgewalker account.
So with Bridgewalker you do: fiat at your bank account -&gt; buy bitcoin -&gt; send to Bridgewalker -&gt; have fiat in your Bridgewalker account -&gt; spend via Bitcoin at later date
With Coinbase: Spend bitcoin and have the equivalent amount of fiat pulled from your bank account.
Cons Bridgewalker:
* more expensive because of additional currency exchanges
* fiat is held by Bridgewalker rather than your bank
Pros Bridgewalker:
* works for everyone in the world, not just American citizens
* is available today, not just a hypothetical feature 
So: invest in Bitcoin as much as you would like, move it to cold storage. Move some additional fiat from your bank account to Bridgewalker, to spend from time to time, without being affected by temporary down swings


Unless of course, they want it back a week after they deposited it and the market tanked in the mean time, leaving you unable to fulfill the promise. Which is why Bridgewalker is not implemented that way. Everything is fully hedged, I do not profit from Bitcoin appreciation, but am also not exposed to the risk of Bitcoin losing value.
Edit: formatting
@_date: 2014-07-24 20:53:00
Fair enough, here is another 1500 bits ! ;-) Thanks!
@_date: 2014-01-03 14:35:35


I think so too. I wanted to quantify that, which is why I put together a proof of concept for an NFC-powered Bitcoin point of sale solution and measured the typical time it takes. This is the result:  .
It would be interesting to measure times for cash payment and credit card payments as well, to really have some data to compare things, instead of just hand-waving "it only takes 2 seconds" statements.
I think it definitely has the potential to be competitive.
@_date: 2014-07-19 16:56:07


That's quite ironic, as you seem to be unaware of the nitty gritty technical details regarding this feature. =)
Andreas Schildbach's wallet has always put an emphasis on being a true SPV wallet with no external dependencies besides the Bitcoin network itself. If one tries to stay true to this principle, it's actually quite difficult to import or sweep a private key, as full nodes currently do not help much with this task and it would require to rescan the whole blockchain, which is a lengthy task, unless the creation date of the private key is known. Andreas has proposed in the past to include the UXTOs alongside the key, but has not found much followers for this idea (see also  ).
So in the meantime he has now decided to implement it with the help of an external server (essentially Mycelium-like) as a temporary solution. The discussion he started might hopeful at some point bring a "proper" solution about. It's unfortunate that the work that people like him do is often not appreciated by those who are unaware of the technical complexities involved.
As to importing vs sweeping: Importing a private key requires the user to be aware of potential risks: The key might be known to another person (depending on where it came from) and that person might later double-spend the funds associated with the key or even get access to additional funds, if one were to make the mistake of reusing the key. Sweeping requires an extra transaction and fees associated with it, but it does not compromise the wallet in any way. For software that targets a broad range of users, sweeping the key is a much safer approach and in general a good idea.
@_date: 2014-06-24 17:07:54
Use the "Create a wallet" button at  !
Note: We are still working on getting Doge supported, but Bitcoin and Litecoin are available right now.
Edit: Also, to clarify, that screenshot was just the result of one of our designers playing around with some ideas. We went with a different approach for now - you can switch between cryptos using the drawer.
@_date: 2014-01-02 08:35:22
Thanks! For anyone who is interested: This [blog post]( has more details about the solution.
@_date: 2014-03-28 21:31:52
I'd be interested in an NFC-enabled smartwatch, which would allow you to do tap-to-pay (plus button press to confirm) with your wrist. I.e. this  with a smartwatch.
But it seems that currently only the Sony SmartWatch 2 has NFC and it's only used for pairing and not exposed to apps.
@_date: 2014-07-25 13:18:58
Thanks for the feedback - coins sent!
@_date: 2014-07-24 23:49:19
Awesome, thanks, sent!
@_date: 2014-06-11 06:32:50
That's right, it is! The code lives over here  . We try to follow upstream closely, so it's basically Andreas' codebase with a bit of a different take on the UI.
@_date: 2014-07-19 11:42:37
It's on our todo list, but we are juggling a lot of things right now, so I'm afraid I can't give a specific timeframe at the moment. We want to see feature parity between all the Hive products as soon as possible ourselves though!
@_date: 2014-08-23 13:20:07
It's "value-added tax", so it's supposed to only apply to the value that you added to the product. The way that's implement is, that you charge VAT on the whole item, but can claim it back for any input products that you had to buy to produce the end result.
Example: You buy a raw product for 1000 EUR + 19 % VAT (190 EUR) = 1190 EUR. You refine the raw product and now have the final product and sell it for 1100 EUR + 19 % VAT (209 EUR) = 1309 EUR. You have added 100 EUR of value and the tax man wants 19 EUR from you. You will have to pay those 209 EUR you charged as VAT, but can claim back the 190 EUR you paid in VAT earlier. 209 EUR - 190 EUR = 19 EUR.
There might be easier ways to implement this tax, but that's how it's done.
The caveat though, is that the claiming back part isn't super easy. You need to have a proper invoice, which shows that the company you bought from, actually paid VAT.
@_date: 2014-01-04 13:22:05


Example of how this looks in practice:  (at 1:12, this video does not show it, but the amount can also automatically be set).
@_date: 2014-06-12 13:05:10
Aw, sorry to hear that. I'll have to look into that - thanks for the feedback!
I'm afraid there currently is no way to uninstall a Hive app again. Would be nice though, I agree, so we probably add that at some point.
@_date: 2014-06-17 21:15:20
I posted this analogy before, which people seemed to find helpful:
So, regarding the "math problems": A miner takes a bunch of recent Bitcoin transactions and bundles them all up into one "block". This is essentially a kind of vote, where the miner says: Hey, I propose that these transactions should be accepted by everyone (they still need to follow certain rules, he can't just make up arbitrary transactions - but he can, for example, pick one of two conflicting transactions, essentially deciding which one wins over the other).
This bundling action is the "math problem", but I find that description fairly misleading. I think the following analogy is more helpful: Imagine all the transactions being differently shaped puzzle pieces. The miner tries lots of different combinations of putting theses pieces together to form a nice even, let's say, rectangle. If he succeeds, he announces his solution to the rest of the network.
The advantage is, that it is very easy to check a solution: You just look at it and see, whether it forms a nice rectangle. But if you want to change some of the transactions and put different ones in, you need to do the whole puzzle again. This slows down would-be attackers, who want to vote for a different set of transactions, as they need to solve their own puzzle first.
Each puzzle always refers to the previous one, linking them all in a chain (the blockchain). Think of that as the previous puzzle being shrunken down and acting as an additional, unique puzzle piece in the next one. Now if your transaction is part of a puzzle 6 puzzles deep into the chain, you can be pretty sure that no one will doubt it going forward. Because to change it, an attacker would need to supply a new solution for that particular puzzle with your transaction missing and then also re-solve all the other puzzles after that. Meanwhile the rest of the network is producing new puzzles, which typically means the attacker has no chance of ever catching up. This is why it's important that no attacker can gain 51% of the hashing power, as he would then be able to always "out-puzzle" everyone else and be able to rewrite the transaction history that way.
Because producing these puzzles is an essential function of the network, we allow anyone who solves one to award themselves some new Bitcoins out of thin air.
I hope this can be helpful as a starting point.
@_date: 2014-07-24 20:09:28
Great, thanks a lot! Sent!
@_date: 2014-04-16 01:14:42
 is a candidate to watch - they are evolving the original green address idea to use multi-sig and to have better privacy.
@_date: 2014-06-11 06:36:45
You can just try it out. Go to  click the Bitcoin "Donate now" button and scan the QR code/click the Bitcoin link. If your client now displays more infos about the transaction than just Bitcoin address + amount, then it supports BIP70, otherwise probably not.
@_date: 2014-01-02 16:13:45
Yeah ;-) It's an extra phone I use for development, which is why I got a used one with a broken screen, to save a bit of money. =)
@_date: 2014-07-08 15:21:10
I assume you are talking about Hive Android? I work at Hive on our Android app, so let me address this question. First off: It's interesting that the Android permission system always brings out these questions. If you look at desktop wallets like Multibit, Bitcoin Core or our own Hive OS X then these apps have complete access to everything on your system once you install them, yet somehow this is never a topic for those wallets. I guess making these things explicit, makes people think more about that and that's fair enough.
The reason why we request certain permissions is detailed on our Google Play page. Specifically:
**Read &amp; write access to external storage**: To give you the option of creating a backup of your wallet, we need to be able to write this backup to external storage and later restore it from there again.
**Read contacts**: When entering the name of a new contact, Hive provides suggestions based on your address book. This is solely an auto-complete feature and no contact data ever leaves your device.
**Read profile**: When using the "find nearby" feature, we set your photo and name based on what is stored on your device. Before broadcasting this profile, it is presented to you again and you are asked for additional confirmation.
**Access location**: The "find nearby" feature uses both Bluetooth and GPS to find other Hive users. The later is used to be compatible with Hive Web where Bluetooth is not available. When using the "find nearby" feature you can select whether you would like to use both Bluetooth and GPS or just one of the two.
It's an ongoing discussion at Hive what the best balance between features, convenience and a reduced set of permissions is. When you use the find-nearby feature, we could also leave the name field empty and not pre-fill it with a suggestion based on your profile. That would get rid of that permission, but would also be slightly less convenient. If Android would offer optional permissions we would jump on it right away. As it stands, we have to make a tough decision and go with what we believe the majority of users finds acceptable. As I said, that decision is not set in stone and we are always open to feedback.
**tl,dr**: There is no tl,dr. Your privacy is a complex topic and we take it very seriously at Hive. The devil is in the details though.
@_date: 2014-11-04 18:01:43
Cool stuff!
One unfortunate little bump: Apps sending via NFC on Android have to go through the "Android Beam" confirmation screen. You can briefly see it here as well, and I think the user is tapping on it with their thumb while holding the phone to initiate sending. That means that simply holding the phone near the tablet is not enough, the merchant (or the user, if he knows that he has to do that), has to tap on the terminal. As far as I know there is no way for the sending app to somehow "short-circuit" that Android beam step. It seems like a small thing, but it is inconvenient/not intuitive, in my experience.
I just confirmed it on my tablet. The Android beam screen pops up and waits for additional confirmation.
@_date: 2014-07-24 23:15:39
Good ideas, will look into this, thanks - coins sent!
@_date: 2014-08-18 18:29:40
F-Droid is on our todo list, but we haven't gotten around to it yet. Here is a quick one-off file upload:  .
@_date: 2014-08-18 17:14:41
Sure thing, would love to hear your thoughts!
@_date: 2014-08-23 13:21:43
Yes, that's very positive - but would be overruled by anything the ECJ decides.
@_date: 2014-06-11 12:59:16
Yes, you should be able to import a backup done with Andreas' wallet.
We can't give a specific deadline at the moment, but we definitely plan to move to HD wallets in the long-term.
@_date: 2014-07-24 19:57:01
Makes sense, thanks! 1500 bits @_date: 2014-07-19 08:28:51
Hive Android is a fork of the Bitcoin Wallet for Android and this feature just now trickled down to us. Thanks to Andreas Schildbach for doing the work of implementing it!
@_date: 2014-07-24 20:12:30


Have 1500 bits for a very good point (paging )! But indeed, we are open source - the repository lives over here:  .
@_date: 2014-08-23 13:34:56


No, they would have to pay the VAT that is included in the product they are buying and they would have to charge VAT on the bitcoins they are selling to the company. It's one product for another product in this case, so VAT applies to them both.
@_date: 2014-07-24 23:14:02
Cool, thanks for the detailed thoughts - coins sent!
@_date: 2014-08-23 12:45:22


Doesn't make a difference whether it's for fiat or for another product or service. That's not a way around VAT.
@_date: 2014-07-25 07:02:18
Thanks, coins sent!
@_date: 2014-07-24 23:18:10
We'll try to improve that, thanks for the feedback! 1500 bits @_date: 2014-07-24 20:03:25
Cool, thanks - bits sent!
@_date: 2014-11-04 18:07:20


Andreas' Bitcoin Wallet for Android supports it and has done so for quite some time now. You get some initial payment info via NFC, then the phone opens up a Bluetooth connection and further details (a full payment protocol request) happens over that, include a copy of the signed transaction. The phone can be offline for that.
This merchant app could in theory support it.
@_date: 2014-06-29 22:11:07
Yes, Hive Android is a fork of the Schildbach wallet. We try to follow upstream while providing a different take on UI and add some extra features (waggle, app store).
@_date: 2014-06-19 08:32:43
Hi, author of Hive Android here. The code is GPL3, punkrampant posted the link.
We are listed on Bitcoin.org:  (besides "Bitcoin Wallet for Android" and "Mycelium").
We are recommended by BitPay: 
Mike Hearn is occasionally following our development and has written this about our sister product, Hive OS X: "The Hive team have achieved something rare - a combination of great design, a laser-like focus on usability, and yet still remaining true to Satoshi's original vision of peer to peer decentralised wallets." (see  )
I hope, that can be a start towards trust - cheers!
@_date: 2014-03-14 15:07:03


Perception cuts both ways though. Currently most transactions cost 100 µBTC ("wow, so expensive!") and you can not send amounts smaller than 54.30 µBTC ("that sound's really impractical!"). (The latter being, because 0.00005430 BTC has been deemed the cut-off point, where dust transaction cannot be spent economically.)
@_date: 2014-08-18 18:30:14
At the moment that's the only source. But I uploaded it here as well now:  .
@_date: 2014-05-15 12:10:35
Thanks for your feedback! Lead developer here - why do you say that you would want to change the location of the buttons? and where would you put them? Interesting idea regarding themes, we'll keep it in mind!
@_date: 2014-07-15 12:59:41


Here is a useful formula for the chance of not finding a block for the next t = 30 minutes: [e ^ (-t * 0.1) where t = 30]( . It's about 5 % .
That assumes an average rate of one block per 10 minutes. If I'm reading the data at  correctly, the actual average rate between blocks has been 9.4 minutes, because the network hash rate has been almost always growing and the difficulty adjustment lags behind. Plugging that in gives:
[e ^ (-t * (1 / 9.4)) where t = 30]( or about 4 %.
So even with a 30 minute wait period 4 % of your orders will not confirm in time (in practice it will be more, as this doesn't account for low-fee transactions, that might not even make it into a block right away).
@_date: 2014-05-20 15:04:15
Most bitcoiners in the industrialized world are also not familiar enough with African markets to properly evaluate whether this will be successful or not.
Here is a reality check by Pelle Braendgaard, founder of Kipochi, who has been working on bringing Bitcoin to African countries for a while now:


On the Bitcoin2014 panel "The Race to be Your Mobile Wallet" he points out the following problems:
- users often have to pay for each text message, so sending commands via SMS is simply too expensive
- for the average user it's too complicated
- tech-savvy users, who are able to navigate a SMS menu, will typically have at least an Android phone
Source:  (around 4:00)
@_date: 2014-06-10 20:19:33
Screencast of Hive Android performing a transaction via payment protocol to a BitPay-powered charity:  .
@_date: 2014-08-23 19:48:35


Thanks for the vote of confidence. ;-) But I'm not a lawyer, just someone who has been following this topic for a while and read some of the laws involved. I added a disclaimer to the post.
@_date: 2014-07-24 19:57:53
Indeed, Hive iOS is in the works and almost finished - it's build with both iPhone and iPad in mind!
@_date: 2014-08-19 15:34:22
First off, kudos for the launch! Always great to see new Bitcoin services.
That said, I feel you are twisting words here with the "zero tx fee" claim. In my opinion network fees and transaction fees mean the same thing, which you have, as your documentation says:


So no service fee, that's great! But the claim "zero tx fee" is confusing/misleading in my opinion.
@_date: 2014-07-25 13:09:10
Thanks a lot, coins sent! (Regarding backup: it's available under "Safety" in the overflow menu.)
@_date: 2014-01-03 14:27:57


Looks nice, looking forward to the launch! I prototyped a Bitcoin + NFC point of sale system:  . Not sure if that is relevant for your approach, just wanted to point that out, in case you want to reuse some of that - it's all MIT licensed.
@_date: 2014-08-18 13:34:29
Good point, I will look into making that consistent.
@_date: 2014-05-29 11:59:48
No man, it was my post! Proof:
Your submission:  -&gt; 15 points, 12 comments
My submission:  -&gt; 377 points, 132 comments
I was your marketing department! Where is my share of that 200k? ;-)
Just kidding, awesome to hear, best of luck! :-)
@_date: 2014-07-06 19:58:43
Very cool project and awesome to see someone tackling the whole contact layer on top of Bitcoin challenge!
We at Hive have also been thinking about how we want to approach contact management. Maybe these discussions would also be of interest to you:
Always interested in collaborating and exchanging ideas! Good luck with Ninki, looking forward to the release!
@_date: 2014-09-02 13:19:01
Interesting stuff! Although I'm not sure where Host Card Emulation fits in here, which reduces this to Android 4.4+, which currently only runs on 20 % of Android devices.
This thread on the Bitcoin mailing list might be of interest for those following Bitcoin and NFC developments:  .
One opinion expressed there is, that doing everything via NFC isn't actually all that practical (well, I was one of the people expressing this opinion, so I might be biased ;-) ). Because typically you need some kind of confirmation step (press a button/enter a pin), after having touched your phone somewhere and while you do that, it's easy to get out of range for NFC, which then interferes with transmitting the Bitcoin transaction via NFC afterwards.
I think a better approach is, to only transmit the payment request via NFC, which also contains a Bluetooth address, to which the phone will open a connection and transmit the transaction that way. The phone can still be offline for this, but you can remove it from the touch point while confirming the transaction. It might be a bit worse in terms of latency though, as you need to wait for the Bluetooth connection to establish. You can do that while you prompt the user for confirmation though, so that might not be a big problem.
Bitcoin Wallet for Android and Hive Android implement the above approach and have so for quite some time. I prototyped a merchant solution here:  (that demo uses the now-defunct Bridgewalker wallet as the client, but that could also be Andreas' wallet or Hive Android).
It would be interesting to hear the authors' thoughts on this. In any case, different approaches don't hurt, the more the merrier. ;-)
@_date: 2014-08-18 13:03:56
Scanning QR codes of Bitcoin addresses, private keys (to sweep them) or whole Bitcoin transactions (to import them from an air-gapped or otherwise offline system).
@_date: 2014-08-23 13:44:08
You are right, but the way VAT is implemented is, that you charge VAT on the whole item, but can claim it back for any input products that you had to buy to produce the end result.
The problem is, that requires a proper invoice. The customer who gave you those bitcoins isn't a VAT-registered company though, so you can't claim anything back.
See also [my other comment](
@_date: 2014-08-23 20:15:49
Thanks for the article. I believe you are right that the original question was indeed regarding VAT on the exchange fees. I was not aware of that, so thanks for pointing that out. I believe however, that this case will go beyond this original question. I wouldn't take a journalist's summary as confirmation that that is not the case. I'm not a lawyer, but neither is the author Danny Bradbury, even if I'm sure that he researched the article well.
Ultimately I would like to see the original source. I can only find [this page]( which is more than cryptic.
So I have to fall back on my attempt at interpreting the various laws and from that I still see the original issue, even if you have the _additional_ issue of whether VAT applies to the exchange fees.
So if a merchant sells a laptop, he might also polish it before he gives it to me. Then he will have to pay VAT on the polishing service provided, but that doesn't exempt him from also having to charge VAT on the laptop. So the question of VAT regarding Bitcoin still stands, in my opinion.
See for example the [UK guidelines](




In the answer, they also seem to specifically differentiate between the exchange fees (exempt as per 4. above) and the bitcoins themselves (exempt as per 3.).
So the question is, whether the ECJ will confirm that, as the above document also says:


Germany has answered a similar question differently than the UK, saying that no VAT exemption applies. Here the [original answer in German]( and a [press release by Bundesverband Bitcoin e.V. in English]( .
So either Germany or UK is wrong about it, it can't both be correct (at least I don't see how). So the ECJ will have to resolve that. Maybe it's a foregone conclusion, that it will be resolved as per UK's interpretation, I'm just saying that it's pretty important and we should keep an eye on it.
@_date: 2014-08-23 20:36:26
Thanks for getting some qualified answers, this thread needs more of that!


I for one would appreciate that. Can also be in German - even better would be with references to the relevant laws. =)
I tried to learn more about "Urproduzenten", but it sounds to me like that's assuming I as the customer am the original producer of the bitcoins? Why would that be? So I'd appreciate some pointers, as to why I would be able to get VAT back even though the customer didn't pay it and what the conditions for that are.
Let's compare it to silver: Silver is not VAT-exempt as well. If an individual (not VAT registered) gives me 119 EUR worth of silver, I'm guessing I can't get 19 EUR from the tax authorities. So what's the difference here between bitcoin and silver? Why would the "Urproduzenten" rule not apply to silver in this case, but would apply to bitcoin?
Edit: It would also be great - but maybe asked too much - if your wife would comment on [this document]( From how I read it, the Bundesministerium der Finanzen confirms exactly the "scenario everyone is afraid of" in there. Namely that VAT on the Bitcoin themselves apply. You said your wife would find that unlikely, so maybe she could point out where I'm reading the document wrong or where the document is using shaky argumentation.
@_date: 2014-08-23 14:02:16


Because in that situation, you are acquiring bitcoins from a private person, so there is no VAT you can claim back. But when you want to get rid of the bitcoins again, you - as a VAT-registered company, will have to charge VAT on them.


That is correct, but only if the trader is a VAT-registered company. It wouldn't be able to buy from private traders, as buying from those wouldn't be eligible for claiming VAT back.
I agree that if everyone in the chain is VAT registered, starting from the miner who produces the coins, then it can sort of work. But as soon as private persons appear in the chain it causes problems.
@_date: 2014-06-19 08:38:34
To those who have not heard about the Hive wallets before and a rightfully skeptical of new entrants, here are some of our credentials:
The code for Hive Android is GPL3 and can be found here:  .
We are listed on Bitcoin.org:  (besides "Bitcoin Wallet for Android" and "Mycelium").
We are recommended by BitPay: 
Mike Hearn is occasionally following our development and has written this about our sister product, Hive OS X: "The Hive team have achieved something rare - a combination of great design, a laser-like focus on usability, and yet still remaining true to Satoshi's original vision of peer to peer decentralised wallets." (see  )
I hope, that can be a start towards trust. ;-) Cheers!
@_date: 2014-10-15 11:37:32
In my opinion BIP39 isn't finished and there are still a bunch of open questions on how to best approach it.
Based on the current version though, you are incorrect - those wallets are in fact BIP39 compatible, as BIP39 currently does not require a specific word list. Read the BIP here (no seriously, do, it's fairly short): 


Proponents for no specific word list argue, that not everyone speaks English and therefore international versions need to be supported. On the other hand, clients can then no longer help the user much when entering a seed, as typo detection isn't really possible, if in theory the user could have used a word list full of mistyped words. Requiring a specific word list would certainly help with usability, at the cost of forcing English on everyone.
As I said, it's still an open question as far as I'm concerned. But currently, no specific word list is mandated by BIP39.
@_date: 2014-10-04 07:43:43
We also tried compiling some stats about the Android wallet landscape. The publicly available data is fairly vague (only broad download ranges are published by Google Play), but here is the resulting chart:
I tried to fit it all into one chart, which is tricky, as the top wallet (Schildbach) has about 1000x more downloads than number 10 (Copay). I didn't want to use a logarithmic scale, as that makes it difficult to compare growth rates and also distorts the gaps that exist between wallets. So it's now split into three areas, which one should think of as one large chart with some empty areas cut out.
The summary has the download ranges from Google Play:


@_date: 2014-08-18 18:33:28
I think you are confusing something here. The &lt;uses-feature&gt; mechanism is just a way to tell Google Play etc. what kind of hardware your app will or might use, so that your app can be filtered based on that (e.g., if your app requires NFC, there is no point in showing it to a user who doesn't have NFC). You still need the permissions to actual use it. Otherwise the permissions would be pretty pointless, if you could just get access another way.
@_date: 2014-08-23 12:55:49


You can do that, but only if you have an invoice from that company which lists that VAT is included and how much it is.
So where would your proposed VAT registered company get coins from that fulfills that requirement? If you found such an exchange: Yes, you can then claim VAT back, provided that exchange added the 20 % in the first place and tells you so in a proper invoice. Obviously they don't have free money either, so they will instead have to charge 20 % more. (Or they themselves have another source that charges VAT and they can claim it back, but it has to end somewhere.)
@_date: 2014-07-25 07:00:33
Great, thanks for your input! 3000 bits @_date: 2014-06-19 13:05:01
As mentioned in the Google Play store description, the access to your contact list is used only to provide auto complete functionality when entering the name of a new contact. No address book data ever leaves your device.
@_date: 2014-08-18 13:32:05
Aw, good point, the code for this was still sitting in a branch. I just merged it into master. Here is the current AndroidManifest.xml: 
@_date: 2014-01-08 20:39:01
It's an Android wallet, where you maintain a euro balance (held by Bridgewalker for you). Using those funds, bitcoins will be bought at current market price whenever you want to send any. This allows you to use Bitcoin only as a payment mechanism, without being affected by the exchange rate volatility. You fund your account via Bitcoin as well, which will be exchanged for euros at current market price and credited to your account. So: Bitcoin as transaction mechanism, Euro as store of value.
Does that help? Or what specifically are you not getting?
@_date: 2014-11-30 22:55:21


Raspberry Pi ($40 at [Adafruit]( Touchscreen ($35 at [Adafruit]( NFC reader (let's say $30, here is one for $40: [SCL3711]( So we are already at $105 and don't yet have Bluetooth, WiFi, a case, a power adapter and an SD card for the Pi. Presumably you also not running this as a charity, so you won't be selling these at cost. So no, I don't see how you can do this with a Raspberry Pi in under $100.


Do you have a specific one in mind? Those usually don't have NFC. Maybe go with an external NFC reader again (extra cost), but those cheap tablets also often don't support USB host mode.
The Snapcard project is interesting and I wish them success. In my opinion though: no offline payment support = not production ready. Even though we supposedly live in this always-connected world, people have bad and no reception all the time, especially indoors.
@_date: 2014-07-24 20:06:42
All good points, thank you! Bitcoins sent!
@_date: 2014-08-23 13:30:39


You said you would go and purchase stuff from a non-VAT registered company. That's selling your bitcoins - just not for fiat, but for another product. That's barter, and VAT potentially applies to both products in this case. That the company you are buying from is non-VAT registered is irrelevant in this case. You are VAT-registered, so need to charge them VAT. They just can't claim it back then - which is why they will want you to pay 20 % more.


I don't believe that's possible. For the same reasons that you can't buy a car with your company VAT-free and then take profits out of your company in the form of a car.
@_date: 2014-01-02 16:11:27


I measured, maybe somewhat arbitrarily, the time between the "customer" picking up the phone to pay and the screen showing "payment received".
I don't think it's very helpful to measure the raw transaction propagation time. By that measurement a process where the user needs to hand-type the Bitcoin address would also end up at "3 seconds", because that's what the transaction propagation time will also be.
So for a reasonable comparison, I think it's best to compare from the moment the user picks up the phone (or takes out his credit card, if we want to compare it with that) and the moment the payment is received (with an acceptable certainty in respect to double spends, so you might need to spend a few extra seconds here on some kind of detection heuristic - I wrote a little bit about that in the blog post).
@_date: 2014-01-08 13:26:02


I prototyped a similar approach using NFC to speed things up, but having a display with a QR code regardless as a fallback. I also added transaction sending over Bluetooth to increase reliability and speed of transaction propagation. Here is the result:  .
This [blog post]( has more details, also regarding zero confirmation transaction, but for the most part they are not an issue in a bar situation like this, in my opinion.
@_date: 2014-04-13 12:06:45
Interesting. We are making amazing progress, in that an idea, that was presented in an obscure whitepaper, now has physical presences popping up all around the world in the short time span of just a few years and somehow you consider that a step backwards? Bitcoin is not hipster enough for you anymore, or what?
Everyone is free to interact with Bitcoin as they see fit. That includes building ATMs with hefty fees and trying to regulate the on- and off-ramps. That doesn't negate any of the original ideas. In fact, it's the whole point of a decentralized, neutral system.


And isn't that amazing? Yes, the nature of "mainstream" is, that the underlying magic will be lost on most people. It will be "just another currency" for them. But those who think about it a bit more, will realize, that we are turning into a civilization that is operating a digital, cryptographic currency on top of a global communication network. That is science fiction come to life!
@_date: 2015-01-22 13:28:49
Cool to see someone getting started on this! I do wonder though, if - even with micropayment channels - transaction fees will create too much overhead.
How do you arrive at your estimate of 1 cent/GB?
Let's say we download a one GB file from 10 peers. Then you need to open 10 micropayment channels and each channel requires two Bitcoin transactions. Transaction fees are now at 0.01 mBTC:
10 * 2 * 0.01 mBTC = 0.2 mBTC
Which is about 4 cents at the current exchange rate. And that's just transaction fees, you haven't actually paid anyone yet.
@_date: 2015-01-12 22:25:25
According to their [status page]( they have 900,000 USD in deposits.
@_date: 2015-01-18 17:49:02
The NFC dongle in the video is called ['Stick ID']( produced by the Italian company Sensor ID. It's a little hard to come by. An alternative could be the [SCM SCL3711]( which I have also used before.
Schildbach's Bitcoin Wallet for Android can work offline, as it's an SPV wallet and knows its unspent outputs. That's the wallet in the video and I didn't need to modify it. (It does use non-standard extensions at the moment, but I plan to propose a BIP in the near future.)
@_date: 2015-01-18 18:02:58


Only using NFC can be an option, but you usually can't maintain the connection while the user confirms the transaction (as they take the device back to press a button or maybe enter a PIN). So you have a number of options:
1. Do a "double tap": User taps, takes the device back, confirms, then taps again to transmit the transaction. (I think Google Wallet does something like this.)
2. Confirm beforehand: User confirms, then taps and everything can happen in one go. The disadvantage is, that you confirm the transaction before you have seen the details. (I believe Google Wallet can also work this way.)
3. Tap the phone, then establish a Bluetooth connection which allows you to do all necessary communication even if the user takes the device back.
I felt option 3 was the nicest UX, but there are definitely pros and cons to all options.
Using only Bluetooth: I don't know what you would have in mind there exactly, but you then have to be careful, that you are not picking up a spoofed payment request instead of the one from the merchant. Although signatures can be a solution to that. In general though, I feel the NFC interaction of "I touch what I want to pay" is nicer than "a payment request comes to me through the air and I figure out whether it is meant for me".
@_date: 2014-11-30 23:02:26
Which devices do you have in mind?
@_date: 2014-07-25 13:11:01
Good idea, we are thinking about something along those lines as well! Thanks for your input, coins sent!
@_date: 2015-01-18 19:07:01


No special effect - it probably broadcasts the offline transaction again to be sure. But if the merchant has already done that, the wallet will then learn about a block that included the transaction and adjust the number of confirmations it shows in the transaction history.


Currently you can have BIP21 URIs of the form: bitcoin:...?r= . The wallet then fetches the payment request using that URL. Schildbach's wallet also supports the "bt=BLUETOOTHMACHERE" argument, which does the some thing over Bluetooth.
Then when it's time to pay, a BIP70 payment request can list a URL where the wallet can submit its transaction. Schildbach's wallet also supports a Bluetooth address here. So the extensions are all that Bluetooth stuff, which - as far as I know - only Schildbach's Bitcoin Wallet supports right now.
@_date: 2014-08-18 20:35:30


That is incorrect, and the document you linked above even says so explicitly:


Edit: You can look at Hive's current AndroidManifest.xml here:  . It lists all sorts of features as optional, but you still need to request permissions for everything that you might want to use. And yes, you are right that in code you then have to check whether the feature is actually available before using it, to prevent a crash. Doesn't change the fact though, that you need to ask for the permission at install time either way.
@_date: 2014-01-02 16:23:03
It could in theory. Also personally, I think that Bluetooth LE's larger range is actually a disadvantage here. Because how do I prevent the customer behind me from sending a payment request at the same time and hoping for me to pick up the wrong one. So now I need some kind of selection process, if there are multiple candidates and might need to verify them somehow. This problem does not arise with NFC, as you have to pretty much touch the NFC pad to pick anything up.
Or how would you imagine, the payment process with Bluetooth LE would look like?
@_date: 2017-01-17 21:17:39


Did Abra already go into more details how exactly they do that? I remember the CEO promised to cover it in some blog posts in the future. ( A slide from this post says "Details of the FX/smart contract model will be discussed in a future blog post:  )
He seems to suggest that it's some type of CFD in the form of a smart contract directly on the Bitcoin blockchain (CFD = contract for difference). That sound's pretty cool, although the big question would be, how that smart contract knows the exchange rate between USD and BTC. Maybe Abra provides that price feed? Wouldn't be completely 'hands off' then, as Abra could feed in whatever exchange rate it likes - but I guess it would still be a nice trick to say to regulators: see, we don't actually hold any funds ourselves, we just publish these price feeds!
@_date: 2017-01-18 10:03:06
The approach seems to be to pair each Abra user with a trader. The user and trader enter into a smart contract. The user puts in $100 worth of bitcoin on the start date. On the end date, the trader gives the user $100 worth of bitcoins back. If the exchange rate went down in the meantime, the trader makes a loss; if it went up, the trader made money. So a trader who believes Bitcoin will go up in value can use this mechanism to increase their leverage. The user on the other hand gets price stability out of this arrangement.
How exactly this is implemented hasn't been published yet, as far as I know. Also see [this comment thread]( below.
@_date: 2017-01-11 09:11:05
They: So, how does Bitcoin work?  
Me: I always like to say it's a little bit like an Excel file. You know how people use Excel files to keep track of all sorts of things - who needs to do the dishes next? how many cups of coffee did everyone have? Except that with Bitcoin, it's a single, global Excel file, which keeps track of who has how many bitcoins. The technical innovation of Bitcoin is, that this is not managed by a single central entity, but rather everyone who participates in Bitcoin forms a network of computers, that regulate themselves and make sure that that Excel file can only be modified according to certain rules.
@_date: 2015-07-31 20:08:16
You could do this on Android with a scheme like this:
Your wallet would have an option to create a fresh Bitcoin address and load it up with a specific amount of coins. It then creates a text snippet of the form:
"Hey, I'm trying to send you 1 mBTC ($x.xx) - click this link to claim it:  "
Clicking on the link would lead to a website which immediately redirects to a Google Play Store link. That way clicking on the link would open the Play Store page for the wallet.
On Android an app can register itself as a handler for certain domains. So after installing the wallet, it could register itself for  . Clicking on the link again would therefore open the app and the wallet could read the private key out of the link and sweep the funds into the local wallet.
Disadvantages: You have to click the link twice as a new user. Once to go the app store and a second time to claim the funds. This approach also would need twice the fees, as you need one transaction to fund the fresh key and a second to sweep it again (to be sure that the sender can't take the funds back).
@_date: 2012-01-13 12:43:46
If you are not already aware of this, you might want to have a look at the problems that TradeHill had with Dwolla: 
Apparently they (Dwolla) silently charged back a number of transactions in that case. I don't know how the situation is today - just something to keep in mind.
@_date: 2012-02-24 07:07:56
I have been thinking before that Bitcoin would be an excellent match for this type of service. Great to see it put into practice in such a well executed manner. Cool stuff!
@_date: 2012-05-07 08:24:50
I am also a proponent of such an approach. I think you can do pretty much the same thing already without changes to the protocol by using multi-signature transactions: Customer sends coins to a fast spend address controlled by two signatures: one from the customer and one from the third party. When he wants to use the coins, he will need the signature from the third party which he will get only once. This can be combined with green addresses to make it easy for merchants to see that this was signed by a fast spend third party.
The third party can also not spend the coins in this setup. The only additional risk is that the third party might disappear and the coins are locked up then. On the other hand this approach can be implemented today without changes to the protocol.
@_date: 2012-11-29 00:07:13
The user is actually called 'laughingbear'. Somehow that got mixed up. =) See:  .
@_date: 2012-03-29 18:09:24
I think the problem is your pictorial. It shows a screenshot of your Instawallet. While you did blank out the URL bar, you missed the information block on the left, which lists the URL again. It's barely eligible, but I guess it would be possible for someone to decipher the URL from that. :-/
@_date: 2012-12-13 10:34:19
I have only skimmed through your paper, will have to take a longer look later. On the forum you write:


I agree with this, and therefore agree with Jiten's statement. Because if you reduce average network hashpower, the attacker's percentage will increase. So it seems you agree as well, no?
@_date: 2012-11-20 12:37:12
Your father seems quite the gambler. Turning a gamble with limited downside (you lose $149 + some electricity) into a gamble with limited upside (he loses nothing) and unclear downside (would you be selling the mined Bitcoins right away? or hold onto a portion of them? In the later case possible currency appreciation also plays into it). I hope he knows what he is doing. ;-)
To answer your question: Yes, it is possible to calculate the theoretical profits from a mining rig. Even after the fact, using historical data. So you might just wait a little while, do a rough estimate and if you think you are in the green do a more detailed calculation. But an important question to decide upfront is, whether you would be always selling all mined Bitcoins right away or hold onto all or some of them. Depending on how Bitcoin develops further, the latter strategy might be more or less profitable.
As far as mining calculators go, I like this one:  .
@_date: 2012-11-08 10:35:34
On the topic of decentralized exchange, this is also a good starting point:  . It would however be a fairly challenging project, I would say, and require the developers to first get up to speed on the details of the Bitcoin architecture.
@_date: 2012-11-28 15:10:56
Next one (as of now) is the first 25 BTC block! You'll see the new reward when hovering over the block on the site. History in the making!
@_date: 2012-12-18 00:03:24
While on the topic of MPEx, could someone explain the appeal of it to the unwashed masses? Who are the typical users of this site?
It would seem to me, that the Bitcoin community is already pretty small, so that putting up further hurdles like a cryptic website and hard to use interface should reduce the set of potential users to almost zero. And few users, means an inefficient market, no? But apparently it's enough to result in 4000 BTC daily trade volume (?).
Let's take one example, the future "O.BTCUSD.C120T" (  ). Who is buying this? Are these just bored traders, trying to outsmart each other? Or are there actually people or Bitcoin businesses, who are interested in hedging their Bitcoin risk and prepared to pay a premium for it?
@_date: 2012-03-29 18:05:32
Because of the way Instawallet works (one big wallet), those outgoing transactions aren't (necessarily) related to her Instawallet.
@_date: 2012-08-24 06:33:32


It is just a way to make sure that the marker address continues to have coins available. Otherwise it would be needed to replenish it from time to time.
@_date: 2012-11-12 15:11:42
New accounts can only post in the Newbies section for a little while. It should really be made more clear, as I imagine many new users stumble about this.
@_date: 2012-05-16 16:21:48
Hey there! I'm running Bitcoin Monitor and I had some technical difficulties the last day or so. There was also some duplication going on or something like that. So they numbers there weren't all that reliable during that time. Hopefully things are back to normal now, but I'll have to see.
@_date: 2012-02-11 10:34:19
One would think that, huh? But it's not true. The average time you wait is indeed 10 minutes.
Block creation is a random event and has no memory. So no matter when you send your transaction, the situation is always exactly the same, with the dices rolling and the same chances (with the current difficulty) of creating the next block. And those chances mean, that you will have to keep rolling the dices on average for 10 minutes to find a block.
Not sure if this makes it clearer. As wcoenen said, Poisson distributions can be pretty counterintuitive.
@_date: 2012-06-18 22:09:15
Maybe help yourself with a hack? Just move the decimal point and track everything as Satoshis or mBTC or something similar.
@_date: 2012-03-13 20:37:39
Cool to see someone accepting transactions from green addresses. How do you check for that? did you modify the Bitcoin daemon?
@_date: 2012-03-29 19:01:03
No, not directly. But I prevented any more donations from getting lost in a different manner - check your inbox!
@_date: 2012-06-07 20:38:05
I think some more context would be helpful here. If I understand it correctly, this is from a blog from some independent software developer/consultant who is thinking of writing a Bitcoin addon for NetSuite, which is apparently some type of software platform used by a bunch of organizations.
Great to see this guy contemplating that, but it's not like NetSuite itself is thinking about it.
@_date: 2012-01-29 10:52:01
Those multiple Bitcoin banks might as well be the combination of your laptop and your smartphone. And that is definitely better than a paper wallet and offline transaction generation, because it is actually practical in day to day use.
@_date: 2012-01-10 21:01:02
Pimpcoin is a branded version of the general Bitcoin deposit card that Bit-Pay announced recently: 
Here is a video from them demonstrating it: 
@_date: 2012-06-27 17:00:06
From 




Isn't taking away coins from everybody and giving them to miners pretty much the same thing as creating new coins and giving them to miners? Bitcoin currently has around 30% inflation (per year)!
So in fact, Bitcoin has actually much more demurrage than this (!) and it won't be until 2017 or so, that inflation falls under 5%.
I'm not sure if there are any other special criteria to this demurrage, although this:


seems to indicate, that it simply applies to everybody.
So all in all, I'm wondering if they have really thought this through.
@_date: 2012-03-20 08:06:25


Yes Ben, you can do something about it - actually you specifically are in a good position to do something about it.
Here is a crazy idea: How about Dwolla implements David Chaum's [ecash]( As a Dwolla user I would withdraw a handful of blinded ecash coins from Dwolla and when I want to pay I give them to a merchant who in turn redeems them with Dwolla. As ecash creates unlinkability between withdrawals and deposits Dwolla wouldn't know which of its users has just shopped at the merchant and the merchant would also not need any information about me besides those ecash coins.
So how about it Ben? Or is it just too tempting to be able to build all those shopping profiles for your users?
@_date: 2011-06-18 12:47:48


I call bullshit on this one. You can't send payments "on behalf" of other people unless you found a way to crack public-key cryptography.
But let's assume, that you could. In that case, you don't need any hashing power to create confirmations. Either you transaction is correct or it isn't. If it's correct it will be incorporated into a block. There is no such things as a "sort-of correct" transaction which you then would have to push along with false confirmations.
This is almost certainly a smear campaign against BTCGuild.com.
@_date: 2011-09-21 13:40:17
Here is another attack, which would also get you all of the bounties up to 10/15 minute durations assuming the honeypot runs the standard Bitcoin client:
Step 1: We connect directly to the honeypot (this is assuming that the honeypot allows direct connections - as a standard Bitcoin client normally does) as well as directly to a number of large pools.
Step 2: We create transaction A which sends money to the honeypot and transaction B which sends the same money back to us instead.
Step 3: As close in time as possible we send transaction A over the direct connection to the honeypot and transaction B over all the other connections to the pools.
What we hope to achieve is, that the honeypot will see A first and reject B when it hears about it later. Whereas the pools will hear B first and reject A when they hear it later. Since the pools create the next block, B will make it into the block chain and reverse A.
While we are waiting for the next block however, the honeypot still believes A to be valid and will pay out accordingly after some time has passed.
This relies on the fact, that the standard Bitcoin client currently doesn't do anything special when it receives an invalid/conflicting transaction. It simply discards it (and also does not forward it).
Obviously that would make it fairly easy to attack this honeypot, so it would be more reasonable to modify the honeypot so that it listens for double-spend transactions and doesn't pay out in this case.
It just important to point out, that the standard client currently does not do that, which means that every website build on it also doesn't do this and should therefore be very careful about accepting zero-confirmation transactions.
@_date: 2011-06-22 17:29:28
Yes, I do in fact think that. Please enlighten me as to where I'm wrong!
Of course they are only as secure as you keep them. And them being URLs, there are a few drawbacks: a) they show up in your browser history - so people with access to your computer can look for that and b) you should be careful not to run any toolbars or stuff like that which communicates the current URL to some server
But besides these issues, a really long 'secret link' isn't really much different than a username + password combination. And by the way: Instawallet URLs contain 16 bytes of random data, which means there are 2 ^ 128 possible URLs. Pretty big haystack, if you think about "trying them all".
As to:


Please do! The Bitcoin world needs some more options.
@_date: 2011-06-15 08:52:45
I have basically given up on the Slashdot crowd when it comes to Bitcoin. I can totally understand if you are skeptical about the whole Bitcoin thing, but i get pretty annoyed by this constant know-it-all about a technological experiment that basically hasn't existed in this form before, so we kinda just have to see how it goes.
It's like "Slashdot &amp; the Ipad" all over again.. and oops, almighty Slashdot was wrong about that, how could such a thing possibly happen?
@_date: 2011-09-19 15:08:06
CdnBTC said that the ask was "a certain price" and the bid also "at that price".
@_date: 2011-07-26 08:55:51
Ok, let's get realistic for a moment here. It's great to see progress in the area of mobile applications and with "instant payment", but let's be clear about what this is and what this isn't.
What are we looking at here? For one thing, it's a hosted wallet service with a mobile app. This already exists (Instawallet + BitPay client), but it's of course nice to have more of that for those who prefer it.
Secondly, instant payment solution: A voucher-based system where Mt. Gox is the trusted third party. Yes, this allows merchants to accept instant payments. But I think the implementation leaves a lot to be desired:
I agree that third party payment processing is probably necessary for instant payments (while I believe that zero-confirmation Bitcoin transactions are safe to use in same cases, it will be a hard to convince a non-technical merchant with such a vague statement). So seeing a third-party solution like the Mt. Gox vouchers is nice. But it fails my two tests for third-party solutions:
1. In needs to be an open protocol. It needs to be designed - from the start - that additional third parties can implemented it as well. So for the vouchers, that would mean that there is a standard voucher format, which contains the third-party identifier (like a domain) and a standard way of redeeming a voucher with a third-party. This way, a merchant can decide what kind of vouchers they accept (Mt. Gox, Mybitcoin.com, Tradehill, etc.) and redeem them accordingly. The solution implemented now, looks very much Mt.Gox-only.
2. Technical elegance: I'm sorry, I don't really like the voucher system much. It's a cumbersome process: Merchant tells customer amount, customer creates voucher, customer gives voucher to merchant, merchant redeems. If both the merchant and the customer need to have a Mt. Gox account anyway, why not simply: Merchant tells customer Mt. Gox username and amount, customer initiates Mt. Gox transfer. Done. With the added benefit, that the merchant doesn't need to scan the voucher or anything like that.
Number 2 is maybe just a pet peeve of mine, so the more important thing is 1. And I think for wide adoption that will be necessary anyway (which is why I'm not too worried that a proprietary solution will take over) since I can't really see any merchant locking themselves into a Mt. Gox-only solution at the moment. I mean, limiting yourself to Bitcoin users is tough enough and then you would go for an even smaller subset? I don't think so.
I hope this criticism doesn't come across as too harsh. It's great to see someone trying to make progress on these issues! I just wanted to point out some things that I consider important for building a good payment infrastructure.
@_date: 2011-08-02 07:40:39
There was once a site called the Bitcoin Store which had Google Checkout and then was later shut down by Google because of "policy violation". I dug up this thread: 
But maybe this has changed? In any case it's great you got that answer out of them. Hopefully something to hold them to later. I wish you good luck with your site!
@_date: 2011-06-28 20:31:35
This is great! I was toying with a similar idea and it's great to see progress in the area of merchant tools.
One suggestion: I think for many merchants it can be difficult to deal with the price volatility. You might want to offer the option of specifying prices in USD at the backend and automatically converting them at the time of the sale to current BTC equivalent (for example by using data from bitcoincharts:  ). Or maybe you already provide this option? I haven't checked your merchant backend.
@_date: 2011-06-08 10:51:56


Bitcoin can be automated by your average hacker on his private server. To automate credit card payments you need hooks with a bank or I don't know what. This is for me a very big deal. I think Bitcoin drastically lowers the barrier to entry on anything payment related and thus enables more innovation.
@_date: 2011-09-19 15:09:23
Which you might want to read carefully, before pointing out any mistakes. :-P
@_date: 2011-06-22 17:14:44
Hi there! I'm the guy behind Instawallet - glad you like the site. I will address some points brought up here in separate comments.
In general though, and I also mention this in the FAQ: Please _do not_ store significant amount of money at Instawallet. This site is mainly meant as a quick way to get people started with Bitcoin. I run this project in my spare time and am not getting paid for it. So I don't have the resources nor the time to provide bank-level security. Of course I do try my best at keeping the server and the software reasonable secure.
Now on the topic of cookies: The site stores the last Instawallet you visited in a cookie to automatically redirect you there when you return. This decision was made initially, because I liked the convenience of it. The disadvantage is, that your browser stores the key to your Instawallet and of course if you get compromised or your little brother uses your laptop this information can be accessed.
Another problem is, that users can get confused. If you previously followed a link to a specific Instawallet (because someone linked to - let's say - a public Instawallet) then the site will redirect you there when you return in the future. However, you might not expect that and instead think that a fresh Instawallet has been generated. This confusion might result in you sending coins to an Instawallet that is public. However, so far I haven't heard any complains that anything like that had happened.
In any case, because of this possible source of confusion, I am actually planning to discontinue the use of cookies. People will have to bookmark the link specifically to make sure they 'find back'.
@_date: 2011-11-01 16:35:21
... because the site got listed on weusecoins.com .
@_date: 2011-09-21 08:33:29
If both clients show that, it sounds like the transaction has been broadcasted (otherwise the second client wouldn't see it).
If you don't mind sharing the Bitcoin address where you send the 6 BTC, we can see if we find the transaction in the list of unconfirmed transactions on one of the two sites mentioned above and see if there is anything unusual about it.
@_date: 2011-07-13 22:52:38
Cool project, thx for providing a valuable service like that to the Bitcoin ecosystem!
When does your service send the first notification? As soon as the Bitcoin transaction is received or after 1 (2? 3? 6?) confirmations are received?
@_date: 2011-07-26 21:46:31


Sure - I have a scenario like this in mind: Customer is at some shop, picks up a six pack beer and brings it to the counter. The merchant enters $10 (or whatever) into the backend of the software. Using some current Bitcoin exchange rate, this will be converted to BTC and then this amount plus a QR code will be displayed on the screen facing the customer. The customer is then asked to pay this amount using a mobile Bitcoin app by scanning the QR code and sending the requested amount. The merchant waits until they see the transaction (in the backend) and the sale is complete.
I will be integrating a new approach to "instant payments" which will make a waiting time for verification unnecessary. But I'll give more details about this at some later point. In any case, zero-confirmation Bitcoin transactions are no problem in many situations, especially the one I'm describing here.


You are right, that should say "8.12 USD  USD" which is, I guess, a confusing way of saying "0.58 BTC amounts to 8.12 USD using an exchange rate of 14 USD per BTC". Feel free to reword this how you see fit.


If the merchant enters a price in USD, the conversion happens at the moment when the customer screen is updated.


No. Just the price and a Bitcoin address. I guess this feature could be added at some point, but I don't consider it very important for now.


Nope, not planned for the first version either.
I believe your other questions are answered in the first paragraph.
@_date: 2011-06-14 19:58:29
Yes, they can be in some situations, but not very often. If you have a half-way decent ISP, then it will drop traffic that it receives from its customers when the source address isn't in their address space. Most of these infected machines will be on such connections and won't be able to mask their true IP address.
Also: Only some forms of DDOS traffic can work without needing to see replies (like a SYN flood). But SYN floods are fairly easy to block, so a typical DDOS will need to move on to doing a complete handshake and for that you need to receive replies. So I think the IP address you see is in almost all cases the actual computer attacking.
@_date: 2011-06-14 19:59:48


That would be great! :-) Because then you can just move to a different IP address, update your DNS and completely sidestep the attack. :-)
@_date: 2011-06-22 17:18:04
Could you elaborate what you think the problem here is? When the Google bot visits Instawallet it will of course get a unique Instawallet generated for it as well, which ends up in the search index. However, this doesn't mean that all Instawallets are indexed by Google. Of course they are not.
@_date: 2011-05-24 08:10:35
Mt. Gox originally stood for "Magic The Gathering Online Exchange", because the underlying software base was just re-purposed for Bitcoin. But I believe most people pronounce it as "Mount Gox".
@_date: 2011-09-15 07:56:22
This is pretty cool! Bit-Pay is really moving at an amazing speed. More discussion here:  .
@_date: 2011-11-28 06:45:15
Very good interview. I especially liked how he framed mining: You contribute resources to the p2p network and get paid in Bitcoins for your efforts. Much better than the typical "OMG, you can make money out of thin air!" statement - no, you are a service provider and get paid by all Bitcoin users through inflation of the Bitcoin supply.
@_date: 2011-09-28 18:39:57
I wish all those people that believe a bot can somehow "force the price down" for USD per BTC, would just get together already and write a bot to force the price for BTC per USD down.
You know, just somehow trade really fast, maybe even back and forth, and keep only a few bitcents as profit. This should allow them to drive the price down to 0.01 BTC per USD in no time!
@_date: 2011-08-01 22:29:12
Sounds interesting! Have you considered making the current bets viewable without having to register/log in? I think it would be much more inviting to new users, instead of just seeing a generic description on the front page.
@_date: 2011-06-14 20:13:30
How about a website selling Bitcoins using mobile payments? This would probably not be competitive on prices (because carriers take quite a premium cut from what I have seen), but some users might be willing to pay a premium for the convenience of quickly getting five bucks worth of Bitcoins in a matter of seconds to try things out for the first time.
Check out  as an example for a mobile payment provider. Word of warning though: I have no idea how they (carriers in general) feel about selling Bitcoins through their distribution channel.
@_date: 2011-12-18 10:47:43
I don't know if the OP bought them there, because MemoryDealers is also carrying them, but Casascius' website is  .
@_date: 2011-06-15 20:15:55
Maybe this "nerd" wants to stabilize the market and is willing to sacrifice profits for it. Not everyone has the same objectives.
@_date: 2011-07-07 21:06:51
Speaking of VPS, here is what I'd like to see: Cheap Bitcoin daemons in the cloud. There are already a bunch of VPS hosting companies, even a few who accept Bitcoins, so it seems hard to compete on that. Why not try to cater to the Bitcoin development community by just providing Bitcoin daemons? This should, of course, be cheaper than a full-blown VPS and people can combine that with cheap PHP-enabled webhosting to develop full-blown Bitcoin applications.
On the technical side, I can imagine this setup: Have one master Bitcoin daemon connected to the Bitcoin network. Then run a bunch of daemons for each customer that are only connected to the master. This way you don't duplicate network traffic. This only leaves the block chain to worry about. Here it might be interesting to look into deduplication filesystems (google for Opendedup). I haven't tried this, but hopefully it would be possible to run a bunch of daemons and have the filesystem deduplicate all the copies of the blockchain.
@_date: 2011-06-22 20:16:54


Definitely, having addresses show up as referrer is something to watch out for. But it only affects outgoing links from my site so I can make sure info isn't leaked there. If you check the links on Instawallet, you will see that I added an extra redirect to avoid exactly this problem.


It's not only farfetched today. Sometimes you just have to trust the math. The thing is, you need to send a request to the server to check if the Instawallet contains any coins. Bandwidth and processing power of the server is limited so I can actually calculate how long it would take to check a certain number of addresses. A botnet or whatnot is not going to change that, because the bottleneck is on my side and even if I wanted to serve more pages I simply can't.
I'm not saying the site if perfectly safe. There might be other problems. But I'm fairly sure the URLs aren't a good attack vector.
Edit: By the way, since I see things like "Python-urllib" and "WGet tools" in the webserver log, I know that people are already trying this. They can't beat the math though - at least so far they haven't managed to clear out Instawallet. (Again, there might be other problems or attack vectors I haven't thought of.. don't keep more than some spare change there people!)
@_date: 2011-06-13 18:34:35


This guy is a service provider. He provides hashing capacity to secure the Bitcoin network. He is paid by inflating the Bitcoin money supply. So the poor don't need to worry, this is paid for mostly by those that hold a lot of Bitcoins, as they are the ones who are affected the most by inflation.
@_date: 2011-06-22 17:35:48
These 5 Bitcoins getting lost was actually me screwing up during testing of the site (Those were private funds that I was using for testing).
It has nothing to do with being on a dynamic IP address. But it means that you didn't just go to the site, but instead went to a specific Instawallet - probably linked on the forum. I agree this can be confusing and I plan to improve this (see my other comment).
@_date: 2011-08-05 08:16:36
This is excellent! Now we have a well-known security auditor on record as having said: "BitCoin is actually well designed" and "it does work for now".
As to the problems he mentions: Scalability and anonymity. I agree with him, although this isn't a new insight. I personally believe that we should work towards a setup where Bitcoin is just the backbone for a system that does scale and is anonymous. Being backed by Bitcoin, it should hopefully be possible to design such a system so that it can be audited easily, which allows for setups that require a bit more trust (several somewhat trusted servers) but on the flip-side allow higher throughput and better anonymity. I'm thinking of something along the lines of OpenTransactions.
@_date: 2011-05-10 12:36:51
Yes, you can use  for that
@_date: 2011-08-23 23:48:56
Thanks! Maybe I'll do additional videos, but I'm recording with my phone and currently don't have the option of recording better quality video. There are some screenshots on the project page (  ) where you can see the back end better.
The mobile client used in the video is BitPay, available in the Android market. You can see for yourself, if you have an Android phone. :-)
About the bug: Well, it wasn't a bug in my code (the mobile client wasn't written by me), so I didn't mind so much. ;-)
@_date: 2011-06-14 22:06:01
But isn't mucking around the first step to becoming a serious Bitcoin user?
@_date: 2011-06-24 23:22:21


Very savvy: 


He sells them at - I presume - current market rate and uses that money to then buy some new Bitcoins at - I presume - current market rate. Savvy!
@_date: 2011-09-21 13:19:34
Here is an attack that would get you all of the bounties up to about the 10 to 15 minute durations:
You need to have a decent amount of hashing power, maybe be a small pool. Let's assume we have 5 % of the total network - less will also work, it will just require more time.
Step 1: We create transaction A which sends money to the honeypot and transaction B which sends the same money back to us instead. We only broadcast A.
Step 2: Honeypot receives A and - after some time - sends us some bounty money back.
Step 3: We modify our miner to include transaction B instead of A into the block that it is currently working on. Should we be the ones who find the next block, transaction A will be reversed and we won the bounty money. Since we have 5 % of the hashing power there is a 5 % chance that we will be able to pull this off.
Here is the crucial part: If we are not the ones who find the next block (a 95 % chance) we can just _try again_. We don't lose anything by sending money back and forth. Furthermore, this does not have to interfere with our normal mining, so we don't risk any mining losses from trying this.
This is why this attack matters for things like exchanges (where you could deposit and withdraw all day, trying to perform this attack) and not so much for paying for your pizza, unless you want to buy 20 pizzas so you can get one for free.
Edit: Actually there are much easier attacks possible then this, if the honeypot would run the standard Bitcoin client. I'm assuming here that the honeypot would already do some more sophisticated double-spend monitoring.
@_date: 2011-07-31 13:26:14
It's not an issue. I made some more comments here:  .
@_date: 2011-10-25 13:18:30
The problem is, that it would be quite risky to invest time and potentially money into developing something based on Facebook, because of two reasons:
1) Facebook might shut you down, especially since Bitcoin would be competing against their own Facebook Credit system and Bitcoin in itself is probably violating the TOS in some way.
2) You would probably get mixed responses from the Bitcoin community, as a crowd that is attracted to a decentralized currency is probably not exactly pro-Facebook.
As to how to do this decentralized: I guess the first step is to decentralize Facebook.
@_date: 2011-07-14 23:27:25
It's beyond me how people can possibly think that bots keep the price still. It just makes no sense whatsoever.
Yes, bots try to buy low and sell high. They don't care what the price is and they most certainly don't try to keep it still.
If you think the market is being distorted by the bots, be happy and profit from it. Here is how:
If you think the price is kept artificially low by the bots, buy from the bots and be happy to get a low price.
If you think the price is kept artificially high by the bots, sell to them and be happy to get such a high price.
@_date: 2011-06-16 15:42:04
Does the $1000 per day withdraw limit on Mt. Gox also apply to Bitcoins? That would probably explain those irregular amounts, as they look like they could be be $1000 divided by current market price.
@_date: 2011-05-30 22:04:47
Indeed, it is. :-)
@_date: 2011-05-24 08:02:50


Mt. Gox has a daily trade volume of around 20000 BTC. If he is making 131 BTC a day, it's absolutely no problem to sell them.
@_date: 2011-06-05 20:42:28
This is not secure: Everyone can look up payments to a Bitcoin address and - if they are quick enough - claim that they were the ones who made the payment. This might not be an issue for a small shop where people won't bother to try this, but it's important to keep in mind.
@_date: 2011-06-15 20:30:16


This looks like it's off by a factor of 10. Because another way to look at it it: At a rate of 10 blocks per hour, a total of 360000 BTC are produced a month, currently worth about $7.2M .
So assuming your number for TACC's Ranger is correct, it seems the Bitcoin network can actually do it much cheaper.
Although I'm a little skeptical whether you can really compare it like this. The thing is, even if 1 hash/s means about 8000 FLOPS, doesn't mean that anything that requires 8000 FLOPS can be run once per second on a graphic card. The specific application might have more interdependence, making it hard to run on such specific hardware.
We all know, that 4 cores at 2 Ghz isn't the same thing as one core with 8 Ghz. (Edit: Just realized, that you said that as well in your disclaimer there.)
@_date: 2011-09-22 21:07:34
I'm not involved with them, no. I just think they do cool stuff, that's why I wanted to point out the video.
We have been exchanging ideas from time to time via e-mail. I run instawallet.org and they will probably support green addresses at some point (or actually already do to some extent, from what I heard last time). To me they seem very much on top of things and to be one of the more competent Bitcoin startups.
As to the bump idea: Could be a cool thing to try out. You just have to keep in mind that they are mostly focusing on the merchant side of things. For example here they are demoing with the Mt.Gox mobile app. So if you want to try something with a bump interface you have to get those parties, like Mt.Gox, on board as well.
@_date: 2011-06-14 22:00:41
I would find it acceptable. Seriously, imagine I'm someone just wanting to try out this Bitcoin thing and willing to spend five bucks on it. Does it really matter, whether I get 0.25 BTC or 0.10 BTC as long as I have at least _some_ Bitcoins to play around with?
@_date: 2018-04-05 15:14:02
Cool stuff! But the SLEEPYARK node is in fact the Blockstream store - so you pretty much just made a direct payment to them through a payment channel.
Has anyone had any success paying the Blockstream store using Eclair without being connect to their node directly? I have multiple channels open to different nodes and just keep getting errors. I don't want to connect to Blockstream directly, because having that multi-hop stuff work is precisely the point of the lightning network. Still lots of work left, I guess.
@_date: 2011-06-14 16:09:04
I wonder what can be done about it. I don't think you can find the botnet operator, but can't you somehow decimate the botnet, now that all those nodes have exposed themselves?
Maybe Facebook could help. :-) Here is how: When you are getting DDOSed, you set your DNS to point to ddos.facebook.com. Facebook analysis the traffic and records IP addresses, that are taking part in the attack.
Then, the next time someone logs onto Facebook from one of those addresses, they display a message along the lines of "It looks like your computer has been compromised and is currently taking part in a DDOS attack. In the interest of your own data, please improve the security of your system."
This might at least catch some people and eat into the botnet.
Oh well, one can dream. ;-)
@_date: 2011-07-26 21:27:19
No, HTML can't generate QR codes directly. This is just an inlined image. The QR code image is generated on the server side and then included directly in the page. This seemed easier to me to deal with.
Thanks for pointing out the problem with blurriness. I use Firefox myself (well actually Iceweasel on Debian Linux) and interestingly it scales fine for me. But I just checked in Chrome and it's blurry there as well. I will use a different approach then.
@_date: 2015-03-16 20:44:49


Absolutely agree, which is why I don't consider this a very good business, but rather something that pushes the whole ecosystem forward. If big POS manufacturers integrate some of the ideas or even some of the open source code, then that would be great! That's exactly what I would like to encourage with this: Build a reference system, work out all the issues, document standards and make it as easy as possible to adopt that by big POS manufactures.
People might argue, that the "Bitcoin payment flow" is already all 
figured out. But I think there is still room for improvement and making sure that things are faster and more reliable.
So: probably not a very good ROI for an investor, but hopefully a good ROI for Bitcoin as a whole. That's why I think a Lighthouse campaign is a good fit.
@_date: 2011-10-26 13:08:43
Just one sentence:  .
@_date: 2011-06-14 14:07:32
It might be more economical to use the data feed from bitcoincharts.com instead (try telnet bitcoincharts.com 27007). This way only Bitcoincharts has to poll and then pushes it out to everyone connected to that. The site claims a latency of about 15s.
As far as I know, Mt. Gox also provides its data over a websocket. If you can use that, it's probably even better. You avoid hammering them with poll requests and the latency should be much better with a push-based approach.
@_date: 2011-09-21 16:38:00
I wouldn't call the Finney attack entirely free. You still have a small window between finding a block and going through the check-out process at the merchant. Probably just a few seconds, depending on how well you can time that, but still a small risk where you might lose the block if someone else happens to find one just during that time period.
This is why I find the attack I described to be the more realistic one. I think it's not far-fetched to imagine a rogue pool operator who runs that as a side business and basically says: give me a transaction that isn't in a block yet and another one to reverse it with and I give it a shot and charge you a fee or a cut of the amount, but only if it is successful.
I'm not sure how many people would be unscrupulous enough to use such an offer to cause enough of a problem for merchants.
I agree with you, that a lot of people seem to be taking this problem not as serious, as I think it is.
But on the other hand, there are probably situations where I would think that it is fine for the moment. If you are a brick-and-mortar store, selling something tangible that isn't too expensive, then I think zero-confirmation transactions are fine and you will probably notice it early enough if abuse starts to become a problem.
For the long term though, I do think some sort of secure zero-confirmation technique is needed to bring enough reliability to the system.
@_date: 2015-03-16 17:34:59
Glad to hear that you had a positive experience! The Bitcoin Box also has a QR code display, so that always remains as an option.
My prediction though is, that NFC will become increasingly more relevant over the next months/years, as more devices start to support it. I'm fairly sure that Apple will also make NFC accessible to its apps soon rather than later.
It's of course a subjective thing, but I find scanning QR codes fairly clunky. In bad lighting situation, it can take a while to get a proper scan. NFC has the advantage, that you don't even need to open an app. Touching the phone on the box will automatically open your wallet. And NFC opens up the possibility to pay with a smartwatch.
@_date: 2015-03-15 22:52:00


Would you mind elaborating how the hedge works? So I send bitcoins in and since Abra - as far as I understand - uses bitcoins behind the scene, my funds are stored on my phone in the form of bitcoins (even if the UI shows 'USD'), is that correct?
Am I the only person that has the keys or is that a multi-sig setup with both me and Abra holding a key?
If only I have a key: Then it seems I can exploit the hedge. Should the exchange rate fall over the next days, then I can request a payout and should get more bitcoins back. If the exchange rate rises, I extract the private keys from the app (somehow, jailbroken device etc.) and initiate a transaction directly, bypassing the hedge which would return fewer bitcoins. So it's a chance at free bitcoins with each try costing only 25bps.
This could be avoided with a multi-sig setup, where Abra always needs to sign off on each transaction and can therefore make sure that I only get paid out the exact USD value. But then Abra is part of each transaction (even if just as a co-signer), which might make things more difficult compliance-wise, as soon as regulators catch up to the whole multi-sig stuff.
@_date: 2011-06-22 20:22:17


It uses Pythons OS-specific randomness source which, according to the documentation is "suitable for cryptographic use". So not much to figure out there.
If you are saying that you think online wallet services in general are a bad idea, then I totally agree. You shouldn't store your money there! Again, it's merely meant as a way to lower the barrier for entry to the Bitcoin world. I hope that nobody stores their Bitcoin wealth on Instawallet for a longer period of time.
@_date: 2011-06-13 14:19:59
The FAQ entry is of course simplified. But the nonce is just a number and typically a miner will simply start at zero and increment. You are free to try numbers in a different order, but that doesn't really improve your chances.
Also note: It doesn't matter that all miners starts at zero and increment and thus effectively all trying the same value for nonce. Because every miner works on a slightly different payload: The payload will include a different address for where the 50 BTC should go. Therefore the nonce that one miner finds, won't work for another and so you don't have to worry that you might be somehow "behind" the others. It's all luck and everyone has the same chances. It just helps to buy lottery tickets really fast.
@_date: 2011-07-26 21:51:59
This will be more of a demo on how something like this could look like. The backend will be minimal and not interface with any existing systems.
But it'll be open source, so re-using parts of it in an existing system is of course an option.
@_date: 2011-06-11 21:05:10
It doesn't. The exchange had this name already before Magical Tux became the current owner.
@_date: 2011-05-10 08:26:32
I'm personally not worried about that much, as I think that the set of all criminals and the set of all people creating awesome stuff like this has a very small intersection. But more "crypto magic powder" would probably still be a good idea; don't disagree with that.
@_date: 2015-03-16 17:25:31


I don't think selling these devices will be a viable business. It's commodity hardware with open source software, so profit margin will be thin. And if one would sell a few hundred of them world wide it would already be a great success.
But I don't see the end goal as having this device in every store. The end goal is to have every major POS vendor already provide a Bitcoin module out of the box. But how do we get there? I believe a great accelerator is to provide a reference system like this and in the process make sure that all the standards are worked out. So I consider it a stepping stone. I think the stepping stone will not be all that profitable in itself, but - I believe - it's helping the ecosystem as a whole and that's why I think that a Lighthouse campaign is a good fit.


Fair enough, thanks for your feedback!
@_date: 2015-03-16 14:34:55
I will provide the software for the Raspberry Pi (as an image, for example) and provide instructions for putting together your own device. Basically just: Buy these components and plug them together like this. There isn't any overly complex assembly required.
However, I might additionally offer the service (for an extra fee) of putting the box together and delivering a complete unit, for those people who don't want to do any tinkering.
@_date: 2011-12-31 18:59:47
Also:  (for when mtgoxlive.com is down)
@_date: 2011-06-07 11:39:41


Ripple requires trust chains between participants. Bitcoin could be used as a bridge in those instances, where no trust chain exist. (Because Bitcoin doesn't require trust between participants, only trust that 51% of the hashing power is honest)
Bitcoin could be used to close a "missing link" in a Ripple trust chain.
@_date: 2015-03-16 15:44:38
But maybe you shop at a merchant, where you would like to see Bitcoin accepted, no? This gives them another option to make that switch more easily.
@_date: 2015-03-16 14:23:11
In theory a web wallet could add support for pledging for Lighthouse projects, but so far I am not aware of one that does. So in practice, the Lighthouse app is currently the only way to do that.
@_date: 2011-09-27 05:50:03
I would take Flexcoin much more serious if they wouldn't have this gimmick interest system. What they basically do, is charge fees for basic stuff (0.5% on every withdraw) and then redistribute funds earned through fees to customers again.
Obviously this isn't some magical way of generating Bitcoins. It's just moving Bitcoins from those who pay more in fees than they earn in interest (people who use the system a lot, but with small amounts) to those who earn more interest than they pay in fees (people who rarely use the system, but have a large deposit).
@_date: 2015-03-16 16:08:16


We already have a few of those and they can definitely be an option. But I feel by targeting a mix of devices, they usually end up with a mediocre experience on all of them. Right now, that is usually QR codes and listening for unreliable broadcasts of Bitcoin transactions via the Bitcoin network. I think by committing to one specific hardware platform, we can better achieve a polished payment flow. Also: So far NFC isn't accessible from a web-based system.


I'm not doing it from the ground up, no. I'm making use of existing pieces, as far as they are available. It isn't really "heavy lifting" I would say, but certainly a decent chunk of work that needs to be done. 


I think QR codes aren't the greatest UX. And between NFC and Bluetooth, I prefer the NFC interaction of "I touch what I want to pay" rather than "a payment request comes to me through the air and I figure out whether it is meant for me/is legitimate".


Andy Schroder has been working [on a related system]( Besides that, I am not aware of any hardware NFC POS solutions for Bitcoin. On the software side, a number of solutions support it, for example BitPay's Android checkout app.


Personally I am interested in the combination of NFC and smartwatches. Once Android Wear provides NFC APIs, it should be fairly straightforward to complete the payment at the Bitcoin Box by just touching the watch there (and confirming it in some way).
@_date: 2015-03-16 20:33:30


I have a mostly functional prototype to show, as seen in the video on the linked website.


Indeed, I dare to try and make a living working for the Bitcoin ecosystem. The core of 'my project' is really something that benefits the whole ecosystem. Just like BIP73 for example, the Bitcoin payment protocol, which I consider a very important standard, which still needs to be deployed more widely. A bunch of people, many of them volunteers, came together to make that happen.
I have volunteered a lot of my time to build even further on things like BIP73. All I am saying now is: At this point this is too much for me to do just as a side project, I'll have to shelve it for now unless the community would like to support some additional work. Maybe someone else will come along and do that work as a volunteer - probably will eventually. But I think it's still legitimate for me to make this proposal, since there are many Bitcoin stakeholders, who would like to see the ecosystem mature more quickly.
@_date: 2015-03-17 07:40:25
Cool, very nice! The case for this one needs to have a cutout for the display module though. Would you guys be able to do a custom case or is that associated with a lot of preparation costs?
@_date: 2015-03-16 21:32:18


There is a mostly functional prototype, as seen in the video on the linked website.
I believe I have already addressed some of your points in my other reply to you. But it seems we have in general a different understanding of what I am proposing here. The funds are not for me to buy Raspberry Pi, no. I am proposing a project, which I believe will be beneficial to Bitcoin as a whole. I don't think it will necessary be a great business (see [this comment]( ) or otherwise I would try to get investors for it.
Instead, I am trying to sell this as a software project where I'm quoting the cost of completion to a client and the client is in this case the Bitcoin ecosystem, as it would be the one - hopefully - advancing from it. Maybe someone who is more "committed" would do the whole thing for free instead, and maybe someone will at some point. But I'm afraid I also have bills to pay, so I'm trying this experiment and see if I can make a living working to improve Bitcoin. If you don't like this proposal, that's cool, but please keep it respectful.
@_date: 2015-03-16 15:34:10


I'm afraid I can't speak to that much. Here in Germany there are regulations regarding the cash register itself, for example to make sure that records cannot be tampered with afterwards in order to prevent tax evasion. And then there are security guidelines if you are reading credit or debit cards. This box is definitely not designed to replace the whole cash register, but needs to work in tandem with one. In that setup, the box itself doesn't need any specific certificates, as far as I am aware.


No, as per above, this box only deals with accepting Bitcoin payments. In fact, one plan would be to later have the box act like a standard EMV chip and pin terminal from the perspective of the cash register. This way the cash register doesn't need to specifically support Bitcoin, it just delegates to the supposedly-EMV-chip-and-pin terminal, which in reality lets the user pay via Bitcoin instead.


Yes, the box will make use of BitPay on the backend, which supports various export formats.
@_date: 2011-10-29 07:18:27
Good luck with your project! Just two quick comments:
You are listing "Save time and impress your customers" twice on your landing page - not sure if that is intentional.
And in your FAQ you write "Due to the fact that exchange rates are only calculated when withdrawing funds your per-transaction exchange rate risk is very low." I'm not sure what you mean with that exactly. If the exchange rate at the time of my withdraw is used, I actually have more exchange rate risk this way. Because I'm exposing myself to all the exchange rate movement that happens between my sale (where I might have set prices according to the exchange rate at the time) and the time when I withdraw. If you want to minimize exchange rate risk for merchants you should be converting to local currency as quickly as possible.
@_date: 2015-03-16 16:36:36


Two reasons why I decided against Android phones as the platform: First, I would like to have this plug into existing cash registers at some point. RJ45 is something that's used for this here in Germany and the Raspberry Pi provides that out of the box.
Secondly, I feel that if you are targeting a mix of Android devices, you usually end up with a mediocre experience on all of them. I think by committing to one specific hardware platform, we can better achieve a polished payment flow.


Agreed, therefore I am considering to provide that as a service later, to essentially put together "the whole package" for someone who doesn't want to deal with the DIY stuff. That service could also be provided by someone else, as all the parts will be available.
@_date: 2011-09-20 07:45:30
Is it showing up as "0/unconfirmed" on the first computer or on the second? Or on both?
And did you send all 6 BTC from computer A to computer B or just parts of it?
Are you running the standard Bitcoin client or some zero-fee-patched client?
If the transaction is indeed "0/unconfirmed" then you won't see it on blockexplorer, as you can only see transactions there that are already in a block. You might want to check this list  which shows currently unconfirmed transactions.
Another thing to check: How many active connections do you have? (lower right corner).
You most certainly have not lost any Bitcoins as long as you make sure to have backup copies of all wallets involved. It might just be tricky to get them "unstuck", although the first step would be to better understand why they did get stuck in the first place.
@_date: 2011-09-21 14:02:50
Depends on what you mean by a "fake transaction". You can't move other peoples money around (you can't create the proper signature, which means other nodes can recognize it as as fake right away) and obviously you can't create new money out of thin air (would not be accepted by the other nodes).
The only thing you can do is move your own money and there you can pull this double-spend trick, where you say you move it to A and at the same time claim you moved it to B instead and now the network needs to figure out which of those conflicting stories it should believe.
With 5 % of the hashing power you get a good chance at deciding which story will probably make it into the block chain by laying the first block for it. Whether or not you can do anything mischievous with that depends on whether there are people out there who had believed the other story and acted in that belief.
But those who only look at the block chain can not be fooled this way. For those you will have to rewrite the block chain (create a conflicting, but longer chain). You can also attempt that with 5 %: You just need two blocks in a row to replace the last block, and your chance for that is 0.0025 %. But now the economics change, because if your attack fails you risk losing blocks which costs you a hefty 50 BTC.
Edit: The upside is, that the only thing you need to worry about is double-spending and that double-spending in turn can only be done by the person who owns the coins. So if you know that the person who is in possession of the private key won't do any such thing, instant transactions are no problem. This is why I suggest the use of "green addresses" (  ) as a way to identify senders so that you can then decide, whether that person or entity is likely to perform double-spend attacks on you. And if you think they won't, you can accept it right away, no fancy double-spend heuristic or anything necessary.
@_date: 2015-03-16 18:15:28


I agree, it's a big challenge. The easiest way to get there is that existing POS solutions simply add Bitcoin support. But if an engineer from one of those big boys look at the space today, they see a bunch of unresolved open questions. Like proposed BIPs that specify how Bitcoin and NFC plays together, but is only half-implemented at this point. Sure, maybe that big boy company is going to step in and push the process forward themselves. But what I'm proposing is that a Bitcoiner (me!) explores the space with a solution like this, makes it work from top to bottom and puts it out there as a "best practice" example.
Once we have that, it becomes so much easier for the big boy engineer to estimate what it will take to integrate Bitcoin into their big boy POS solution. It's all a process, no? I'm just proposing that the community supports me in pushing things forward a few more steps. Jumping directly to the final solution might sound great, but isn't all that practical in my opinion.
@_date: 2015-03-16 15:04:29
Thank you, much appreciated!
@_date: 2011-10-12 07:30:04
This is pretty cool! Thanks for providing these useful tools!
I'm sure you have no shortage of features to work on, but here is one addition that I would love to see: check for conflicting (i.e. double-spending) transactions among the unconfirmed transactions. So compare the inputs used by those transactions and see if any inputs are used by multiple transactions.
Combined with the propagation rating that would be a very helpful metric in deciding how risky a transaction is. So you could wait for a couple of seconds, then query this information and get something like: 90% of all nodes have seen my transaction (or maybe even combine that with your pool knowledge and give a number like: roughly 70% of the hashing power has seen my transaction) and there are no known double-spend attempts at this point.
I know that for example the guys at Bit-Pay would be very interested in this kind of information.
@_date: 2015-03-17 07:35:58
Yes, it's compatible with all wallets. The more advanced features, like offline payments, are implemented in a backwards compatible way, so they will only be used if there is support on the wallet side.
@_date: 2015-03-16 14:21:15
Germany - I live in a town called Oldenburg, in the northern part of the country.
@_date: 2015-02-22 17:05:26
My proposal: Donations go into a pool. Based on the current burn rate (monthly expenses for all machines) you calculate how long the reserve funds will last. If the estimate is above something like 6 months, you increase the burn rate (i.e. add more machines), if the estimate is below some threshold, let's say 3 months, you reduce the burn rate by shutting one or more machines off.
I think that would reduce the amount of unnecessary churn and instead tries to provide long-running nodes, but still adapts to the actual amount of donations available.
@_date: 2015-03-16 17:49:16


We might be talking past each other here, but accepting Bitcoin payments is still a somewhat unusual thing, that you usually need something specialized for it, no? Or what general small and cheap POS system do you have in mind, which would also accept Bitcoin payments via NFC?


I'm talking about the user experience of the customer that interacts with the device to pay with Bitcoin. We are being compared here with things like Apple Pay and Google Wallet. If the Bitcoin solution is: Well, just load this website on the merchant's tablet and then scan the QR code then yes, it sort of works, but in comparison it feels outdated and clunky.


I'm also confused a bit now. To clarify: Let's assume the merchant has an Android tablet with NFC capability. What I'm saying is, that if you load a website on that tablet, that website cannot interact with the NFC hardware, as there aren't any HTML5 APIs for it (yet). You asked why a web-based solution isn't an option and I pointed out this problem.


No, the merchant announces the Bitcoin address where they would like to get paid via NFC. The customer then creates a transaction and passes that back to the merchant. Private keys are not sent via NFC at any point.


Making Bitcoin payments via a smartwatch requires the Bitcoin Box  (or something like it) on the receiving side. So no, I won't be abandoning the project, as it's an integral part to making Bitcoin smartwatch payments work.
@_date: 2013-08-12 16:53:02
Hey LOLLOLOOLOL! ;-) I didn't expect this thread to be about Bridgewalker - thanks for the nice surprise! :-)
And thanks for taking a leap of faith and beta-testing the app! Some comments:


You are right, I need to put in a preliminary backup option for guest accounts. It's on the top of my task list. The long-term idea is to be able to upgrade guest accounts to "proper" accounts, at which point the user is asked to create a backup of his login credentials and also optionally set a PIN to protect the account further. But until that is all in place, I will hack something together to be used with the guest accounts in the mean time.


I will probably open source the Android client at some point. The server component will stay proprietary for the time being, sorry. I can't give away everything for free. ;-)


Maybe I am not very good at marketing? (Thanks for spreading the word!) .. I guess a service like mine has a little bit of a tough time with the Bitcoin crowd. Because the Bitcoin community likes their services decentralized and want full control over their bitcoins. And I can understand that, it's one of the amazing features of Bitcoin!
But it shouldn't blind us to the potential of centralized services leveraging the Bitcoin network. I don't really compete with other Bitcoin wallets. I compete with the Dwollas of the world. I don't know how many merchants accept Dwolla payments at this point, but probably there are already more who take "Bridgewalker payments" (aka Bitcoin payments). And everyday more merchants and more funding options are set up without me having to do anything. I can just focus on providing a pleasant mobile payment experience. That's the power of a neutral, decentralized network.
So I guess one challenge for me is to find the right target group. Bitcoiners will continue to demand "Bitcoin and nothing but Bitcoin", whereas the rest of the world just wants to move arround their local currency online and don't see why they would need some funny Internet money for that. I hope that it will become clearer to everybody, that their is a middle ground, where Bitcoin is used as "money over IP" and that this can coexist with the pure Bitcoiners.
Anyway, thanks again for giving it a try!
@_date: 2013-01-03 10:17:54
I think that was mostly bots downvoting everything in this thread, as their owners thought it would help them win the bounty. So in that sense, it's the neutral comment, that shows how many additional upvotes every comment should have. ;-)
@_date: 2013-01-09 07:49:58
The difference is, that in the case of changing out Bitpay (for a different Bitcoin payment solution), nothing changes for my customers. They still scan a QR code of a Bitcoin address and pay to that. If I change away from Paypal, I lose all my customers, who are not willing to use anything else. You do not see a difference in that?
Put differently: The service of "accepting Paypal" is only provided by one vendor: Paypal. That's vendor lock-in, if you decide you need that service. If you decide you need the service "accept Bitcoin", Bitpay is just one of several solutions.
@_date: 2013-11-15 13:47:25
Thanks! I hope to support multiple currencies at some point and then bring back USD as well! For the moment I have focused on Euro, as it is my local currency and makes it easier for me to experiment with typical use cases.
@_date: 2013-12-20 14:16:10
I wonder, if these discussions would go differently, if Satoshi had implemented it in a slightly different way: Have all 21 million BTC exist on day one, but locked up in a "bootstrap fund" or "miner fund". Then have new blocks be paid for out of this fund. Same effect, but maybe (?) a different perception.
Either way, it's surprising to see, that even these financial reporters get hung up about where the "free money" is coming from. There is no free money! The whole Bitcoin network is valued at some amount X. Each bitcoin holder owns a fraction of that network. If you print more "shares" i.e. bitcoins, the value of the network doesn't change, instead everyone's shares are just worth less as they just got diluted. So it's a redistribution, a tax, on everyone who holds bitcoin.
We will continue to have this "pay for holding" tax, until we transition completely to "pay per use", i.e. will only have transaction fees. Someone please explain this clearly in these interviews! =)
@_date: 2013-01-05 13:06:52
I think this is where the current proposal lives: 
This will not be in any way "in the blockchain", as MineForeman seemed to have misunderstood. It is just a discussion on deciding on a standard way of requesting a payment from someone. It would be a piece of data, that you receive through clicking on a link, scanning a QR code, directly connecting to a server or even as an attachment to an e-mail and a compatible client can read that and see "aw, this person X wants me to send Y BTC to address Z.. let me go ahead and ask my user if I should proceed". So it's basically the current "bitcoin:1abc?amount=42" links extended further to support more features (also refunds and instant acknowledgments) and more communication channels.
I think it's great that Gavin is tackling that, as he is in a good position to get a number of parties to agree on such a standard.
@_date: 2013-06-27 16:29:37
From  :


@_date: 2013-09-22 09:02:41
Thanks! :-) Sure, feel free to do that!
@_date: 2013-03-11 18:29:41
A few people have suggested something with "trusted", but now it's me who finds that misleading. Whether or not someone or something is trusted, is really not up to them to decide. So if Mt.Gox would go and and say "Our Trusted Address is xyz", it just sounds presumptuous to me. They are merely publishing a way to identify them, a way to "mark" their transactions, and then it's up to me, whether I trust those transactions more than others.
@_date: 2013-12-10 23:09:40
And for comparison a clip from March 28:  . 
He is joking around, asking "how do you actual buy [Bitcoin]? [...] Is there a Bitcoin site? [...] With certain tasks? If you get the magic pulse sword...?"
This experiment really seems to have changed his mind. Pretty cool to see!
@_date: 2013-09-21 14:40:09
Not sure which part of mining interests you, but first some more general comments about mining:
Because Bitcoin is a decentralized system, you need a decentralized workforce to keep it running. Miners are this workforce, which help to keep the infrastructure running and are paid for their services in newly minted Bitcoins. This essentially just means they are paid by inflating the money supply, i.e. a tax on everyone who has Bitcoins.
If you decide you have the skills and resources to help run the Bitcoin network, you can become a miner and get paid for it. But it's also fine to just be a user of the system and enjoy a very cheap "crowd-sourced" infrastructure for digital payments.
Now, regarding the often mentioned "math problems": A miner takes a bunch of recent Bitcoin transactions and bundles them all up into one "block". This is essentially a kind of vote, where the miner says: Hey, I propose that these transactions should be accepted by everyone (they still need to follow certain rules, he can't just make up arbitrary transactions - but he can, for example, pick one of two conflicting transactions, essentially deciding which one wins over the other).
This bundling action is the "math problem", but I find that description fairly misleading. I think the following analogy is more helpful: Imagine all the transactions being differently shaped puzzle pieces. The miner tries lots of different combinations of putting theses pieces together to form a nice even, let's say, rectangle. If he succeeds, he announces his solution to the rest of the network.
The advantage is, that it is very easy to check a solution: You just look at it and see, whether it forms a nice rectangle. But if you want to change some of the transactions and put different ones in, you need to do the whole puzzle again. This slows down would-be attackers, who want to vote for a different set of transactions, as they need to solve their own puzzle first.
Each puzzle always refers to the previous one, linking them all in a chain (the blockchain). Think of that as the previous puzzle being shrunken down and acting as an additional, unique puzzle piece in the next one. Now if your transaction is part of a puzzle 6 puzzles deep into the chain, you can be pretty sure that no one will doubt it going forward. Because to change it, an attacker would need to supply a new solution for that particular puzzle with your transaction missing and then also re-solve all the other puzzles after that. Meanwhile the rest of the network is producing new puzzles, which typically means the attacker has no chance of ever catching up. This is the basic idea behind "proof of work".
Because producing these puzzles is an essential function of the network, we allow anyone who solves one to award themselves some new Bitcoins out of thin air. 
I hope this can be helpful as a starting point.
EDIT: typos
@_date: 2013-10-17 21:51:44
I find it annoying that their FAQ does not clearly spell out how the encryption works.
It says:


The way it specifically says that they are encrypted *before they are saved to disk* and *in transit* makes me think that they are probably clear text on the server. So just the connection is encrypted - simple SSL - but not the messages themselves.
Disappointing, because it would be nice if it actually did the proper thing and do end-to-end encryption. But even if they did, you would still have the problem that you could be MITM-ed, as you only have other people's gliphs and would have no way of verifying that you are using the correct encryption keys.
So all in all not really more encrypted than Whatsapp, which uses encrypted client&lt;-&gt;server connections these days as well. It is of course nice though, that Gliph has Bitcoin integration!
@_date: 2013-05-10 15:04:57
I have actually been wondering, if it would help Bitcoin ATMs to be vending machines instead, where you buy some inexpensive item with cash and get your "change" in bitcoins. Could that help with easing the FinCEN pain? Might be a too blatant attempt at circumventing regulation though.
@_date: 2013-07-07 12:58:36
It's an often repeated myth that the mechanism of secret links was somehow responsible for the hack or made it easier. The hack was completely unrelated to that and would have happened the same way if traditional accounts would have been used.
And what exactly is questionable about the trade-off? It was exactly that, a trade-off. There were many use cases where this exact trade-off was a good fit.
@_date: 2013-03-27 23:21:25
And those warnings were misplaced as much back then as they are now. There is nothing "idiotic" about using secret URLs in this way, which is why other Bitcoin sites like Bitzino, Bitcoinvideocasino and Bitfetch have gone on to copy this approach.
Instawallet URLs showing up in the Google index is not a problem by itself. It can happen for two reasons: a) the spider visits the site and gets its own fresh and empty Instawallet, which will then appear in the search index or b) people make the mistake of publishing their Instawallet URL somewhere and it gets crawled. But just because _some_ Instawallet URLs show up in a search result, does not mean that _all_ of them do. Of course they don't, or otherwise the site would have been robbed a long time ago. A robot.txt could be set up to prevent spiders from doing that, but that would just be an optional improvement to keep search results clean and not strictly necessary.
I am no longer involved with the day to day operations of Instawallet, so I do not know what exactly happened here. But it is certainly not a fundamental problem of the URL approach.
Oh, and great job on editorializing the title, jimgolian. Not giving a tip is now "screwing over" someone, huh?
@_date: 2013-03-25 14:00:12
No failover plans as of now. If Mt.Gox goes down, so does Bridgewalker. But honestly, while reliability is of course a concern for me, some kind of elaborated setup with a second exchange on hot standby is not a priority for me. If you want that level of robustness, you are better off with "standard" Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-07-07 12:13:06
That's about right. I am in touch with lawyers to sort out the legal side of things, so I won't comment on it much at this point, but running a legal operation is of course a priority for me. The fact that it's bitcoin in, bitcoin out and all accounts are Bitcoin-denominated makes this different from, say, a Bitcoin exchange.
I'm currently using Mt.Gox as the partnering exchange, so most of the funds are held there. As far as guarantees go: About the same as your guarantees that money at Bitstamp, BTC-E or CoinJar won't vanish - i.e. not many. I guess it comes down to reputation in the end. I have been involved with Bitcoin since early 2011 and did Bitcoin Monitor and Instawallet before this.
@_date: 2013-03-11 15:04:41
Aw, and quick summary of the concept: Marker/Green addresses are a proposal for a simple method of allowing a Bitcoin sender to identify himself to a recipient, to be used in cases where two parties have a trust relationship and want to recognize each other's transactions for special treatment (usually instant confirmation).
@_date: 2013-06-28 14:29:08
If you allow yourself the use of a clearing house, lots of things are possible. You can even do it with PayPal then: Your software client records which artists you want to tip, at the end of the month it sends a PayPal payment to the clearing house for the total amount and transfers the tipping list. The clearing house combines all PayPal payments and - using the tipping lists - sends out a PayPal payments to the artists. So that's c+a payments as well and you didn't really need micro-payment channels.
The reason we don't have widespread use of these clearing house solutions is not because we were missing some important technique, but rather because it is hard to get everyone to use the same clearing house (for good reasons, as it puts them in a very powerful position).
@_date: 2013-08-11 18:49:49
Thanks! I'd like to support iOS at some point, but it seems a little unclear at the moment whether Apple would allow it. So I'm reluctant to invest much effort into it until that clears up a bit.
@_date: 2013-12-29 09:04:06
Are you willing to pay a bit extra and have your funds held by a third party? Then you might want to have a look at [Bridgewalker]( It offers euro-denominated wallets, from which you can spend bitcoins at a moment's notice.
You could buy some extra BTC and use that to load up your Bridgewalker account. Afterwards you can essentially spend fiat wherever you see a "Bitcoin accepted here" sign. It will cost you a bit in fees, but those fees will be predictable, rather than risking to lock in a big loss, if you happen to spend your bitcoins on a day where the market turns south.
Disclaimer: I'm the developer of Bridgewalker.
@_date: 2013-10-29 09:39:35


The point here is, I think, that it's not a "money-only" transaction. All sorts of transactions involve Canadian dollars. Yet you are not limited to buying or selling no more than $3000 worth of Playstations per day.
@_date: 2013-08-27 07:52:39
It's not quite ready for prime time, but if I may plug [Bridgewalker]( here, it could be a piece of the puzzle down the road. It's an exchange rate adjusted Bitcoin wallet. Your customers would still need to buy bitcoins to fund the wallet, but they could do that beforehand and keep it exchange rate protected in Bridgewalker. At the time of payment it's just a few clicks and a Bitcoin payment is on the way to you.
Disclaimer: It's my project. Feel free to get in touch if you are interested in discussing these kind of "Bitcoin as glue between traditional financial systems" use cases. I'm always interested in feedback!
@_date: 2013-06-27 17:15:01
This is pretty cool indeed - and awesome job on the documentation and code samples!
But I feel it's also important to keep the limitations in mind: You set up a channel to a particular person, locking up some funds for a while, and can then send micro-payments to that particular person. So it's a good fit for: a small number of people each make a lot of small transactions to each other. But not a solution for: a lot of people each make a few small transactions. The latter case is what most people think of as "micro-payments" - for example thousands of people each paying a few cents to an artist - but that's not possible with this solution.
A better way of thinking about it might be: It's a way to make normal-sized transactions, but in micro-sized chunks.
As far as applications go, I could imagine payed Bittorrent could be done with this: You initiate a channel to each peer you are downloading from and then pay per megabyte received. Might already be problematic though, as you would lock up funds for each peer, so would need quite a bit more "working capital" then you actually end up paying in the end. 
@_date: 2013-07-07 20:25:35
Are we arguing semantics now? :-/ I would ask you to please not call my work "questionable" unless you have actual reason to question it. That's why I asked what is questionable about it - so I can hear the reason and try to refute it.
If it's just "other people questioned it, therefore I call it questionable" then ok, fine, but that applies to many things, including Bitcoin itself.
@_date: 2013-11-11 13:37:21
Also to keep in mind: Unencrypted traffic that might be manipulated by an attacker along the network path. Think unencrypted e-mails, unencrypted webpages (always serve your Bitcoin donation address via https), unencrypted chat message, etc. I haven't seen attacks like that yet, but in the long run all these channels need to be encrypted or you need to employ signatures, before you send Bitcoin addresses over them.
@_date: 2013-05-28 14:23:12
[Their website]( says:


PS: Great demo, btw, OP - short and to the point, looks like a great product!
@_date: 2013-09-22 09:11:08


The service they provide is to bring consensus to a distributed network. To have everyone agree on the same "world view" (in respect to who has how many Bitcoins). The problem with a distributed network is, that you cannot trust anyone. You can't just ask your neighbors "Hey, how many Bitcoins are currently at address xyz", because they might lie to you. So instead we all agree on the convention, that we believe whatever is written in the longest blockchain. Now it becomes harder for your neighbors to lie to you, as they would need to be able to show you a version of the blockchain that contains their lies and is longer than the real one. Having all those honest miners working on the real blockchain makes that very hard or hopefully impossible for any attacker.
@_date: 2013-01-08 13:42:01


Aw, but wait! Now I'm surfing this Bitcoin online shop and buying something from them - completely with their own Bitcoin payment processing - but now some of that money goes to their hosting provider! No, bring the servers in house!
Bitpay is not a middleman. It's outsourcing some technical details. Usually a smart move, if you don't happen to be an IT company. They might look like a middleman, as they are currently taking a cut from each transaction, but don't let that fool you. That's just the current fee structure. They don't have a middleman position, as you can just switch to another Bitcoin payment processor. Maybe someday the competition will force the fee structure to be more like hosting: Pay a monthly fee, to have a Bitcoin shopping cart with unlimited volume (although some merchants might not even want that).
@_date: 2013-08-06 07:27:07
How do you envision this to work? If I send a micro-transaction to a person, how do I find out whether they are with a 'Bitcoin bank' and whether there is an agreement between their 'bank' and mine?
This is by the way a major use case for Ripple, which has answers to these questions today. (I know the Ripple hate is strong in here, but you guys need to keep an open mind.)
As to Coinbase's feature: Good to improve their service, but fundamentally this is just a change of two database entries in your user table. My current project ([Bridgewalker]( had that from day one.
It's not a solution to the micro-transaction challenge. What are merchants going to write on their website? "Buy this article with Bitcoin, but only if you are a Coinbase user"? That becomes only feasible if a majority of your customers are Coinbase users and you still shut out all the other Bitcoiners. So you are back at a centralized payment network like PayPal or Dwolla.
@_date: 2013-03-25 14:03:15
I answered your PM, but just to follow up here as well: It works on Android 2.2 and newer and is currently only available on Google Play. But I could make the APK available for direct download, if there is interest.
@_date: 2013-10-12 10:01:35
They did change their website title to "Bitcoin ATM Machine" though - probably for SEO reasons, I'm thinking. On the website itself, they still call it a "Bitcoin Machine".
@_date: 2013-03-24 14:19:33
Some more discussion over in the forum: 
And as I wrote there, I am very sorry if you see "communication problems with Mt.Gox" frequently at the moment. I am unfortunately dependent on their streaming data source, which is not holding up well under all the new users they are getting.
@_date: 2013-08-12 16:59:58
One advantage that Mt.Gox has, is their streaming API. I'm pretty well integrated with them and have real-time trade data etc., which definitely helps speed-wise, which is crucial for user experience. As far as I know no other bigger exchange provides that at this point. So while a switch would be possible (and I have considered it many times), it would basically be a bunch of work for me to change my push-based architecture to an inferior poll-based architecture. Not a very attractive option for me at this point.
@_date: 2013-12-13 09:47:42


Other posters have focused on the technical details. I don't think that's the important distinction at all. Bank systems are also sometimes compromised.
The difference is insurance. You cannot build a perfectly safe system. What you can do, is build a very secure system and then insure against the remaining risk that it is breached anyway.
Coinbase will be as safe as a standard bank deposit, once we have Bitcoin insurance companies, that - for a fee - will insure all Coinbase accounts up to some limit.
@_date: 2013-08-17 18:33:06


If you load assets over unencrypted connections, they can be tampered with. So if you serve a page over https, you really need to serve all the assets over https as well, or otherwise the page might potentially be compromised. That's why Chrome, for example, typically warns you if a site does that ("The site uses SSL, but Google Chrome has detected insecure content on the page.").
@_date: 2013-10-19 09:31:37
This one only does cash -&gt; Bitcoin.
The one from Robocoin also does the other way around by printing out a receipt and then sending you a text message when the deposit has confirmed and you can come back to the machine and use the receipt to get your cash.
@_date: 2013-07-30 21:05:13
I don't know... the guy interviewing him has a similar button.
@_date: 2013-05-14 22:10:23
Thanks for the heads-up.
Might be on topic for r/bitcoin after all - the exploit code linked on Hacker News has a Bitcoin address in the comments. =)
@_date: 2013-10-12 17:51:57
My question wasn't so much "is it nice to have an instant buy feature?". Sure, fast is nice. The question is more: Why is this feature so important and people getting so worked up about it?
It seems to me, you could just buy a bunch of bitcoins from time to time and then use them: Instantly, without middle men, what it's all about, like you said.
But it seems people prefer to hold little coins on hand and instead buy just in time. I think that behavior is worth discussing. But this whole thread isn't really going anywhere, it seems, so I'm out. Thanks anyway!
@_date: 2013-04-15 14:33:26
A quick note: The white border of QR codes are part of the QR code, a valid image should not leave it out.
See 


@_date: 2013-03-02 23:03:24
:-) Thanks!
@_date: 2013-03-24 14:28:37
As far as Mt.Gox is concerned, they are having a business relationship with me/Bridgewalker and I am verified with them, if that is what you are asking.
@_date: 2013-01-09 09:39:23


Many comments on the recent Paypal-account-freeze-thread (  ) seem to differ:








Just imagine that thread would be about Bitpay instead of Paypal and how much of a non-issue it would be, to just switch to a different Bitcoin payment solution. That's why I'm saying there is a huge difference between PayPal and BitPay.
@_date: 2013-07-07 12:16:16
Are you referring to the hack? That was after my time. I ran Instawallet from April 2011 to March 2012 during which it remained incident-free.
@_date: 2013-12-11 15:34:51
Arbitrage opportunity for Chinese factories: Take payment in bitcoins and pass on the premium you get on BTCChina in the form of a discount to your western clients.
@_date: 2013-02-07 23:18:05
I would keep the client running for a while (48h) and see what happens. Whatever you do, keep a backup of your wallet.dat . If anything valuable is left, it should be possible to extract it from the file one way or another. 
@_date: 2013-10-29 09:46:52
Previously BTC Global, by the way.
@_date: 2013-10-28 17:19:13


I think there is definitely a need for a machine/solution/app that integrates with existing POS setups in terms of accounting and book-keeping. It's not as easy as just receiving bitcoins to some QR code. A merchant also needs to reconcile that against their inventory and update their accounting and whatnot.
So I think it could be smart to speak some kind of legacy protocol there and - for example - pretend to the POS system that a credit card transaction just happened, if that makes it easier to integrate into legacy systems which understand how to manage credit card transactions.
That said, I don't know if Coinkite's solution actually does these things (does ist, rnvk?). I would be interested to hear what kind of protocols/standards are common place in the area of POS systems.
(I agree though, that it would be even better to have a solution - maybe based on a low-end Android device or a Raspberry pi - that would speak those legacy protocols and be more affordable at the same time.)
@_date: 2013-11-15 15:32:47


I launched Instawallet in April 2011 and ran it until March 2012, during which it remained completely incident free. It also featured a warning that said: "Instawallet does not aspire to be a Bitcoin bank and as such can only provide a medium level of security. Please do not store more than some spare change here."
That said, it was of course very unfortunate that Paymium was less lucky in this respect after they took over. So I'm sorry for your friends' loss.
Ultimately though, I certainly do not feel that I did anything wrong. I ran a free service and managed to keep it safe, while at the same time making clear, that it is intended for spare change only. Some people chose to ignore that and got burned.
How do you feel about it? Would it have been better, if Instawallet had never existed and therefore hadn't tempted your friends into storing significant amounts there? I did in fact consider shutting down the site a few times, seeing the largish amounts that some people were depositing against my wishes. But ultimately decided that the site was a net positive for the development of Bitcoin's ecosystem.


Regarding Bridgewalker: Security is a top priority, I am not cutting corners. But again, I urge people on the website to use it with small amounts, especially during the beta. A free service like this will never be able to provide impenetrable security (still though, none of my servers have ever been hacked). So it's not a place for your retirement savings. It's for your day-to-day spending - like the cash in your actual wallet, which also does not have bank level security.
Regarding Hive: Since that is a standalone wallet, security is mostly up to the user. But we strive to support the user in that regard as much as possible and enforce or at least highly encourage best security and backup practices.
@_date: 2013-07-07 12:30:32


That's true. Don't get me wrong, I hope that one day a service likes this will be unnecessary and holding Bitcoin without counterparty risk is all you need.
But let's be realistic here: The current volatility of Bitcoin is a huge problem for short-term adoption and usability of Bitcoin. If I got a friend of mine started on Bitcoin two weeks ago by paying him back $20 for lunch, his purchasing power is now only $10. I have a feeling that having cryptographic control over his money will be little consolation for him.
In my opinion the most promising way towards mainstream adoption is to market Bitcoin solely as a payment mechanism, as glue between traditional currencies, as "money over IP". This will then hopefully pave the way for Bitcoin, the currency, being more stable as well.
@_date: 2013-02-19 13:25:19
I like the whole "Money over IP" angle, so maybe something goofy based on that could be done? How about:
Is an Internet tube big enough to squeeze a coin through?  
( Image of a tube with a (Bit)coin stuck in the middle)  
Find out in @_date: 2013-06-08 10:48:39


That is not how it works: Everything is fully hedged (by entering BTC short positions equivalent to the amount in Bridgewalker wallets). I do not take on any exchange rate risk, and in turn do not profit from any appreciation.
@_date: 2013-03-25 14:12:07
Thanks for your feedback! A couple of comments about that:
* Android applications are actually quite isolated from each other. I haven't studied in in detail, to claim that is not possible to mess with your Android Bitcoin wallet, but it would certainly not be straightforward.
From  :


* A browser-based client might follow at some point, for desktops. I do not consider it an option for smartphones at this point (if you were even suggesting that), because there is no supported standard-compliant way of using the camera to scan a QR code. A very important feature, in my opinion, for mobile wallets. Stuff like WebRTC is interesting and might change that at some point.
* It is still a bit off, but I might open source the Android client at some point. Hopefully that would also help in raising the trust in the client.
@_date: 2013-12-11 15:54:21
Hi Matt, thanks for doing this experiment and reporting about it in an honest way - it's fun to watch!
The topic of mining is probably one of the more tricky parts of Bitcoin to explain in a few seconds, but FWIW here is my three sentence mining explanation, that I like to use:


More fledged out here: 
@_date: 2013-11-11 22:42:41
Just one example I came across recently:  (cool to see though, that he accepts Bitcoin!)
@_date: 2013-09-05 11:41:06
I believe that PayPal probably lives in fear of the "chargeback" as much as the typical Bitcoin seller. What happens if - assuming worst case - this project mismanages the funds, accomplishes nothing, goes dead after a couple of months and leaves a pile of angry supporters? A lot of those will probably try to pull their payment back and PayPal might end up in a position where it eats the losses.
So PayPal is now effectively in a position where it has "invested" in this startup and needs to make sure everything will work out fine. And as every other investor, they want to see a business plan.
It seems to me that this ridiculous situation is mostly caused by very broad consumer protection.
@_date: 2013-02-15 18:05:48
A similar idea was brainstormed here:  .
@_date: 2013-02-22 15:17:17
These numbers seem to suggest, that Android is already at 30 % market share among mobile operating systems (and rising) in Kenya:  . 
@_date: 2013-01-08 13:29:38


There is a crucial difference between Bitpay and Paypal (which many in the Bitcoin community don't seem to understand). With Paypal, you have vendor lock-in - you cannot switch to something else, without losing all your Paypal customers. With Bitpay, you can switch your payment backend around, to Coinbase, to someone else, or to doing it in house if the volume justifies it, without your Bitcoin costumers noticing much of a difference.
This means there is actual competition between Bitcoin payment processors that drive innovation and keep fees low. And for merchants it makes perfect sense to outsource some of the technical stuff in the same way that they outsource their server hosting or whatnow.
It's fine to use Bitpay, in the same way it's fine to not run your own e-mail server and still benefit from e-mail being an open system.
@_date: 2013-07-07 12:38:36
As others have pointed out, I partner with a Bitcoin exchange (currently Mt.Gox) and essentially maintain BTC short positions equivalent to the total amount of BTC deposited. So everything is fully hedged.
@_date: 2013-11-15 10:31:40
Looking very much forward to what the future holds for Hive + Bridgewalker! :-)
@_date: 2013-03-02 19:16:54
The locksmith profession always gets me thinking  - essentially professional burglars that help you break into your own home, when (almost inevitably it seems) you lock yourself out some day. I wonder how a world would look like, where houses could be secured and protected perfectly (sort of a real-world equivalence of cryptography). Lots of empty houses everywhere?!
I'm not sure what that means for Bitcoin, but I have the uncomfortable feeling that it will be a costly learning experience as we figure out the safest/most human-proof use of this technology. :-/
@_date: 2013-01-02 17:48:47
Bitcoin is starting to become a viable way to pay online _without_ any risk of identity theft. Any other widespread form of online payment requires you to protect credentials, that can be misused to impersonate you (e.g. credit card details). Bitcoin is true digital cash. Related to that, the reduced friction of identity-less payments make microtransactions much more viable:
+tip 0.01 BTC
@_date: 2013-03-30 21:29:41
Agreed, I also thought that she did a great job. That was [Arwa Mahdawi](
@_date: 2013-08-11 18:51:53


That's correct - in most cases the trade on the exchange happens just before bitcoins are being sent out.
@_date: 2013-07-07 12:36:14


Turns out Mt.Gox has fees as well! ;-) Seriously though, that's exactly where the fees are coming from, as Mt.Gox is currently the exchange that I use. 0.6% on each trade (selling and buying) plus some market spread and you end up at around 1.5%. During beta the service runs "at cost", so you pay pretty much the same as if you would do it manually.
@_date: 2013-07-19 14:01:21
This is probably the transaction you see in the video: 
It sends 1 BTC to the spending wallet and the rest back to the paper wallet.
@_date: 2013-01-29 15:23:42
It's mentioned here, for example:  (July 2011). Seems like CNNMoney uploaded some archive material.
@_date: 2013-03-24 13:34:34
It is Bitcoin in, Bitcoin out, you cannot get at your Bridgewalker-USD in any other way. The system is setup such that there is a single Bridgewalker Mt.Gox account which holds all the funds in USD and you deposit and withdraw from that in the form of Bitcoin transactions.
@_date: 2013-03-25 11:33:57
Just to clarify: While you are using some of the existing hardware infrastructure, it is a separate thing that merchants have to sign up to and specifically support, for the customer to pay this way, correct?
And furthermore: If, as a customer, I only had plain Bitcoins (let's say on my phone with BitcoinSpinner), I wouldn't be able to pay at a merchant like this, correct? I would need to get that card and deposit my coins somewhere in the cloud, so that purchases can be withdrawn from there?
I have to say, it seems to me like it would be very hard to get acceptance for that. A merchant that decides to accept Bitcoin already has few Bitcoin customers to begin with and would now limit himself to even a subset of that: People who pay in some specific way with their Bitcoins. In my opinion a very important aspect of Bitcoin is a standard way of paying and currently that is paying to a Bitcoin address, presented in text or QR form. Nevertheless, I could be wrong and I wish you good luck in making it work!
@_date: 2013-10-24 09:27:50


The foundations for that are there however. It has not been fleshed out though. See: 


This would actually be enforced on the protocol level. The various Bitcoin Kickstarter clones should really get onto that - there is much left to be done though, as clients needs to provide interfaces for these features.
@_date: 2013-02-07 21:56:34
I am not exactly sure what is going on here. It is however not entirely impossible, that they might confirm. If for some reason the rest of the network forgot about some of your transactions before including them in the block, your client - apparently still having a copy of them - should now start rebroadcasting them.
Although it's not clear to me, how you ended up in this situation. What was the last thing you did a year and a half ago? Send all your coins to yourself and then quickly shutdown your client for a long time??
@_date: 2013-07-07 12:47:03


For the moment, yes. I would like to support iOS as well, but am reluctant to invest the effort to create such an app, if there is a considerable risk that it will not be approved. I hope to provide a Desktop version or web-based version at some point.


Not quite. Actual exchange activity only happens on deposits and withdrawals to save on trading fees. But the end effect is, that your balance stays the same in respect to the counter currency USD.
@_date: 2013-11-07 11:41:01
Respect for presenting Bitcoin in a very calm manner! FWIW, here is my three sentence mining explanation, that I like to use:


More fledged out here: 
@_date: 2013-02-14 20:48:28
Guess how that has been paid for? ;-) Exciting times for Bitcoin! :-)