@_author: javaavajjava
@_date: 2017-11-01 20:43:26
Spend what? Fiat that is inflationary and whose value lessens when held as fiat, but not bitcoin, whose value hypothetically keeps increasing, right?
That's kind of the point, how can bitcoin be a currency when it makes more sense to spend anything but bitcoin, while it's value keeps increasing? 
Which would mean bitcoin would always only be more suitable as a store of value, rather than ever as a currency? 
If the bitcoin price stabilized, then there would be nothing to gain by simply holding it, and people would exchange it freely for clocks and tawny port and shoelaces, but until that happens, why would anyone spend it?
Is bitcoins actual worth as a store of value, rather than a currency, and if so why is it touted as a threat to, or replacement for, fiat currency, which serves as a poor store of value over time due to its inflationary nature?
Is the idea that bitcoin could serve as a genuine currency people would gladly and freely trade for goods and services, AFTER it experiences mass adoption and therefore the adoption driven demand levels off and stops driving the value upward? But how is mass adoption hoped to be reached in the first place if no one wants to buy the Hawaiin shirts I make with their bitcoin to begin with as they would rather hold them while they increase in value and use their USD or whatever to purchase the shirt? 
It seem like bitcoin never stands the chance to achieve any kind of mass adoption as it is not worth mass adopting until after mass adoption and therefore makes sense to spend on Hawaiin shirts as their is no penalty to spending it rather than holding onto it.
Or am I missing a piece of the picture?
Is perhaps the place of bitcoin as an alternative to a savings account, versus say, a current account? Just as a place to keep your money you have no intention of spending in the immediate? This I can see it's advantage in - no fees, no risk of seizure, no (apart from lack of available internet) obstacles to access etc. 
But as an actual fiat replacement, which is how I keep seeing it being described, it doesn't seem to have an avenue to achieve this?
Like I say this is all new to me so maybe the answers are out there? But what are they, if so?
What's the projected path of events for bitcoin going from something people use to store savings (or accumulate as a hopefully appreciating investment etc), to something people use to buy soup?
@_date: 2017-11-10 19:23:25
Like with all the silk road style website busts, it's usually because some idiot has an email address like 1642evergreenterraceistolebitcoinsfromacaseiwasworkingon11thnovember1974ismydateofbirthhimynameisjoemurray that they can't stop using to tell everyone everywhere exactly what kind of illegal things they are doing, while suddenly wearing Armani suits to the park to play with their daughter.
People aren't getting busted because autistic savant half human half machine hackers are cracking encryption, they're getting busted because they have vanity license plates on cars they can't afford that say "1STEELTINGS" and tell random fuckers they don't know on the internet all their deepest darkest secrets.
@_date: 2017-11-02 00:17:42
Holy fuck!? The same question has been asked more than once on Reddit!? And wait a second... I'm pretty sure I saw a meme the other day I'd seen another time too. Dear Jesus! There's a glitch in the fucking matrix!!!!! What will we do?
@_date: 2017-11-02 00:20:59
Is that why it keeps going up? People are reading an article saying "you can now use bitcoin to do X"? Is it not just because the price keeps rising and people buy in because of that because they are hoping to profit?