@_author: javionics
@_date: 2013-07-29 09:16:36
The thing is, and I considered your suggestion, is I liked the gradient to have the subtle grid. What browser are you using? Does the text not turn green when you hover over it? Originally, actually the website was designed to just have clickable text. I figured most internet users would know it was a link, but maybe they wouldn't. I was debugging and I found I really like that shade of green into which the links changed upon hover. I'll think about ways of cleaning it up, but I think it's rather clean already. I wanted it simple and clear, which I think I was successful at. Most front end design involves lots of pictures, flashy elements, and lots of text. Since it's a music website, I didn't think that was necessary. However, I am planning on implementing user-choosable and possibly custom themes. Perhaps I'll give people an option. 
Thanks for your kind reply and I appreciate your thoughts on it :) Have a great evening/morning/night or whenever it is. :)
@_date: 2013-07-29 08:24:01
It was a personal project. I thought I could help some people out. You can post music everywhere, but you can't just donate easily to something you enjoy. As an artist myself, I realize there's a lot of marketing behind music and visual art, too, that's not really in the realm of music. I realized the background is fairly large, but I figured you're streaming music anyway, so the background shouldn't be much of an issue. I lowered it to 800x600 for you. Also, I didn't like using a "href" attribute because, and I suppose this goes back to being an artist, I didn't like the mouse cursor changing into a hand over the links. I thought it was bad taste. I also wouldn't claim the website is bad. It's a few thousand lines of php, actually, with some sorting algorithms and management scripts to help promote equality and an unbiased approach to music. Sorry you didn't like it :( I'm really happy about it, however, it took a lot of work and the php sorting and management logic is a bit convoluted. Still, I hope this can help some people. Also, I really want to support Bitcoin. It has a lot of potential.