@_author: jaydefyre
@_date: 2015-04-20 08:52:06
I don't want to give my SSN, physical address, drivers license number, and every other piece of identifying information about me out to yet another company.  In case you hadn't heard, Sony, Microsoft, and Adobe have all been hacked and user information was lost (just to name a few).  Home Depot and target were breached and credit cards/debit cards had to be replaced. 
I'm tired of my personal information being low hanging fruit due to incompetence or technical limitations because companies have the gotta collect it all mentality for my personal info. 
But I'll make a deal with you.  If you sign a legally binding contract to assume all financial responsibilities for my life + 20 years after I'm dead, for any charges that stem from my personal information that is stolen (this includes lawyers fees to get items removed from my credit record)I'll be happy to start handing it out again.  
I'm tired of having to watch my bank account and credit score like a hawk, knowing that if my identity is stolen, it may just be cheaper to pay than fight the credit bureaus and courts to get the fraudulent charges removed. 
I'm trying to get into bit coin because of irresponsible companies that will not protect my data because it costs a little extra for them and the government refuses to make these companies liable for the risk they expose their customers to every time they skimp on security measures. 
@_date: 2015-04-27 09:54:14
There is a huffing ton post article that talks about the waste as well, but people seem to prefer NPR.  This article references the NPR investigation.  It seems mismanagement and grand standing for PR are an issue.  Research the report on Haiti relief and the Red Cross. 
I donated when Australia had the wild fire problems.  I was told that the Red Cross will not guarantee the money you donate will go to the people who need help that you intend to help. 
This one is about hurricane sandy. 
@_date: 2015-10-13 22:27:33
There's a site called 419 eater that is a scam baiting community.  They may provide you with ideas. 
