@_author: jaydigital76
@_date: 2017-09-11 01:09:45
I live in rio, want to buy bitcoin at good price, as we all know, bitcoin price will come down in November. I am in need to buy 6 figures of dollars worth of bitcoin. A partnership with a bitcoin exchange company will be ideal or price of bitcoin close as possible to United States Value. I already lost a shit load of money transferring funds from us to brazil. I had no other option due to obtaining my visa. Central bank are motherfuckers!!!. Anyhow, the owner of Bitcoin to you or anyone else who wants to sell me bitcoin for reas. Let's make a deal. Another issue, Brazilian banks have limitations on transferring funds due to central bank. Is there a way around this?
@_date: 2017-09-22 20:31:00
What the fuck is wrong with foxbit? I wanted to buy R600,000 worth of bitcoin. I made a test deposit of R8,000 and the shit was pending for an entire week. I finally got a response from them that I initiated on Facebook. They asked me for more information from my company after I was already accepted. Uploaded more info then received an email saying that I will get my money back. What the fuck is this? No explanation in why I am not able to purchase. Went back on Facebook message for clarification. Same shit, I see the person on the other end reading my questions and concerns. No response!!!!. I find this crazy behavior across people and business here in Brazil. I love brazil, don't get me wrong. The sociological behavioral shit from people IS DRIVING ME CRAZY. Majority of people here have no confidence in shit. How can there be growth in personal and business relationships. Sorry for the rant, but every fucking action i take to conduct business or personal matters, there's bullshit complications. No wonder people are leaving this country and foreigners do not want to conduct business here. Shit is crazy. Yes I curse a lot but does not mean I am an idiot, kkkk. I am actually a successful person in many aspects of life and able to speak in many forms. I just had to write this in any case any one of you dismiss this rant due to bad language. I'm too frustrated and pissed to elaborate effectively in appropriate conduct. Fuck that!!!!! Anyhow, I don't trust localbitcoin in brazil, just look at the news, you'll see the reasons why. Anyhow, suggestions is greatly appreciated. 
To the person who owns bitcointoyou. I went to your site but unfortunately there is no English translator. The reason why I went to foxbit is because of this feature, they have multiple languages. I know, is not an excuse for my improper knowledge of Portuguese. Please introduce language features or contact me directly for I can join your site. I look forward in doing business. Thank you 
@_date: 2017-09-01 19:02:55
I am an American who has my investment visa for brazil. I live in Brazil and have a bank account. I just opened an account at foxbit.com.br to purchase bitcoin. Fuck, this shit is expensive as fuck in brazil. Bank has my cash and I don't trust Brazillian banks. I need to get my money out of the banking system. What is the best strategy to buy bitcoin or any other strategy to withdraw funds out of brazil bank.  Thank you