@_author: jaymdee
@_date: 2013-04-10 15:09:24
I used bitinstant to load the funds to mtgox and then transferred funds from there to a blockchain wallet, but then ended up having to move it back from blockchain to mtgox, where they currently reside. I think the biggest chunk lost was my own miscalculation of the amount bitinstant/mtgox would take on the funding my account/filling my buy order side. As you point out, the transfer fees are pretty minimal.
@_date: 2013-04-10 15:28:55
I had a small amount on blockchain that it wouldn't let me send (kept getting invalid amount errors), so I consolidated on blockchain but then decided I wanted to keep it on gox for ease/speed of divestment. At least that's what made sense in my head. As an aside, I just noticed your username and your posts have been particularly helpful in my learning process, so thank you for all your very informative posts on this sub!
@_date: 2013-04-11 13:55:27
Absolutely. But if you can time every sale and purchase perfectly, might I suggest a more lucrative field? Psychics make a killing. Also, the lottery has a great ROI if you can determine the future with certainty.
@_date: 2013-04-10 14:53:32
Completely fair, but my interest was more academic than practical, really. I have just enough skin in the game to make it a little interesting, which was my goal anyway; I was just curious how it could be done if that was the goal.
@_date: 2013-04-11 14:44:03
Ok, fine, I'll give you a real answer. Others have already commented on the lag/missed orders issues, but even assuming 100% stability on your exchange, the orders only fill if you have sufficient currency to buy and bitcoins to sell. This means your trading volume is limited by the amount of capital located in your account at the exchange. Since you want the ability to capitalize on the highs and lows no matter the order in which they arrive during the day, you would need to start the day with enough BTC in your account to sell if it hits your guess at the peak and enough money to buy if it hits your guess at the low. 
This leads to one of many reasons your plan wouldn't work. You start the day with 100 BTC and $1000 in your account. BTC is trading at $100. You expect a $50 swing, so you put in a buy order at $75 and a sell order at $125, and you wait. BTC drops to $74. Your buy order triggered at $75. It then climbs to $122 before settling back to $105 for the day. You now own a larger number of BTC, have sold nothing, and are depending on the price to rise again (and your guesses to be correct) in order to realize any profit. You know what else depends on holding BTC in order to profit? Just buying them and holding them.
Day trading stocks is risky as well, but it has a number of advantages which are unavailable in the BTC day trading context you propose. It utilizes a near flawless system to handle trading on the various stock exchanges, it offers the ability to hedge bets by engaging in multiple speculations per day, and it offers the ability to sell on margin (selling prior to ownership of the asset in question), which means you don't have to keep your funds tied up in an asset overnight. Even with all those advantages, day traders have huge swings and most go broke. That's why everybody doesn't do it- it's hard, risky, and requires massive capital to be accomplished successfully, and that's in a regulated market with decades of history monitored by the entire world. 
**tl;dr: read my original answer**