@_author: jaysone
@_date: 2014-05-27 23:03:42


The Fed controls the money supply available to repay these debts.  It is very unlikely to be defaulted upon.  However it is also likely the debt is repaid in the future with dollars that purchase much less than they do today.  
@_date: 2013-11-26 21:09:31
It is a totally fascinating [topic] (  The linked article talks about the Strauss Howe generational theory.  It claims there are 4 different types of generations, and they are repeated sequentially throughout history.  
I have always found it ironic that even though I look just like my father, our thoughts/values could not be more different.  This theory helped me understand some reasons why we may be programmed to develop differently then our parents.
@_date: 2013-11-30 00:58:58
Is it possible to by bitcoin locally?  In the US there is always people on craigslist that will sell bitcoin for cash.  I have met up at a Starbucks a few times.
@_date: 2013-11-29 18:21:50
That's awesome, I love to hear stuff like that where the good outdoes the evil and the result is net positive.
I am a sucker for the canned food drives.  I have noticed that if I put in a can or two, almost everyone starts to donate once they see it active.  If you can't afford a lot, you can go to Big Lots and get large jars of peanut butter for $2/each.  That stuff rocks when you broke. We filled three boxes up this week at gym already!!  Try it next time you see a box empty, put something in it.  The crowd will follow and you will feel like you made a difference!
@_date: 2013-11-03 16:42:54
These are really, really wise words.  If they lose money on their investment, they will hold you accountable for the rest of your life.  If they make money, they will take all of the credit.  It literally is a no-win situation.  Akin to giving advice at the blackjack table -- you just don't do it.
@_date: 2013-12-16 06:00:13
It sounds like you are really upset that you bought a miner instead of investing in bitcoin only.  It is OK, we all would have preferred that in retrospect.
But is that really BFL's fault?  I am upset my stock broker did not buy Microsoft/Apple/Google stock when they were brand new.  I am not blaming this on my stock broker. This is the way investing goes.  Risk and return.  Tangible asset (low risk) vs speculative currency (high risk).
If you are new to the investing game, I understand the emotions and frustration.  But no one can make perfect decisions.  The best advice I can offer is to learn from your mistakes and take responsibility.  Learn not only from your good decisions, but also the bad ones too.  Read advice from people you respect, but also their critics.  This will help you make the most informed decisions possible, and be prepared for the next investment opportunity.
@_date: 2013-11-25 17:05:23
That sucks and I hope you get your money back.  Please let us know if you make any progress.
Respectfully, could you answer tedjonesweb's question?  Anytime you import/export money or goods, the description should be exact.  I have had shipments delayed in customs for ages over an incorrect description. 
Also one more thing to check.  Addresses overseas are often quite a bit different looking.  Check to make sure that the street numbers, address, zip code, (state/province/region) is correct.  I had one time I put the address in incorrectly and it turned a 24-hour wire into a 2 week debacle.  I hope everything works out positively for you.
@_date: 2013-11-27 19:29:46
If you ordered 20 years ago, they should be delivered this Friday (according to Josh)
@_date: 2013-11-25 19:10:38
Really tough and frustrating.  It sounds like you have done everything correctly.  I am hoping they are just overwhelmed right now.  In the US, some of the exchanges are a little backed up.  It could be even more difficult in Russia where the language barrier adds an additional challenge.
After verifying the address, routing number and account number I am not really sure what your options are.  **Also check the way the currency is sent (in your home currency, USD, or Russian currency)  If they are looking for USD and you accidentally sent the funds in Swedish Krona, the funds could be there, but the bank is looking in the incorrect currency.
Oh and I would refrain from posting any names, account numbers, screenshots on the web.  That information should remain private.
@_date: 2013-11-18 20:58:33
[Additional video feed from Senate website] (
@_date: 2013-11-15 15:12:21
Plus when has the governments of the world ever been good about deciding which businesses are "good" and which are "bad"?  That idea would give all the power and control to the current in charge entities. Isn't absolute control more indicative of dictatorships and socialist/communist values? Instead of a freely-accepted currency for all, we accept a government-mandated psuedo-version of bitcoin? The coin validation website is a slap in the face to bitcoin.  All America is doing is hastening the decline of the dollar if they don't take this shit seriously.
Goonsack, thank you for sharing your comments.  History repeats itself and this was a good, relevant post.  To me your argument is clear and concise.  Now we can only hope the bureaucrats is DC think with logic and reason in deciding the future of the US on this critical technology.
@_date: 2013-12-14 18:45:52
It took three weeks to get around to my response, but they honored everything at the original prices.  Keep hanging on, these are good people that will help you out, just very busy.  You may get an email asking if this ticket is still open.  I responded to that and got an answer same day.  
@_date: 2013-11-03 16:22:08
While I agree bitcoin, namecoin, and litecoin are speculative by nature,.  I do not see how diversifying 10% of your investment would ever hurt.  Obviously if you sell everything and pile into bitcoin, it would be very risky.  I see people get paid in USD, have all their money in USD, and own only USD stocks, bonds and investments.  To me, they are missing the entire point of diversification.  If the USD crashes, all of their assets and incomes will be destroyed.  If the goal is risk management, it is best to diversify into multiple currency bases ($, euro, yen, bitcoin, gold, etc.)
Also if you are young even better.  You can better tolerate the riskiness of a currency investment.  It might be too risky for an 80-year old that relies on the dividends of a bond to pay the bills.
@_date: 2013-12-29 02:09:45
I have always felt that giving a Nobel Prize to Krugman, cheapens the award for all of those previously rewarded.
@_date: 2013-04-06 17:18:41
Are you sure Tucker left the Mises Institute?  The interview was filmed in Auburn, Alabama (Home of the Mises Institute).  He is one of my favorite economic speakers.  I saw him in Phoenix a couple of years back.