@_author: jaywellll
@_date: 2019-06-26 17:34:34
What can 41 Million Colombian Pesos buy you in Columbia?
@_date: 2019-06-26 17:45:21
Yeah it's pretty crazy.
If there's anything to know about BTC, is that the best time to buy is when it's steadily growing at a slow pace, and time to be wary when it's as volatile as this. Probably going to be more volatile in the future, then a major downward parabolic effect. Right now, BTC is bouncing ~11k-13k a day, probably will see this trend in the next few days before we are in unchartable waters.
BTC back then at its peak at 19k was bouncing between ~13k-19k, so 6k volatility on a daily basis. But back then there were also institutional money getting involved. This time, it's different this time that the price driving this seems to be more geared on the general public and people who really believe in the BTC tech, so it can really go both ways.
@_date: 2019-06-26 19:25:46
Alot of the shorters already got killed from short squeezes lol, they helped drive BTC to the 8k buy in and it took off ever since.
@_date: 2019-06-26 19:22:18
Not that much news coverage on bitcoin right now other than savvy articles geared towards eyeing bitcoin. Seems like Libra's announcement alongside with central banks easing rates and other world economy news are fueling the drive for bitcoin's rise. Also, very similar parabolic trends from back then as well, but this time, the rise of bitcoin is from retail investors that are buying in as a larger population of the market share. Not that many whales spiking prices yet, so this does visualize a very uncomfortable, but seemingly organic growth, thus the hype for BTC hitting 30k soon, and even 100k in a few years time (based off of trend analysis). 
One thing's for sure is that within the next few days, it seems to be unstoppable with no sign of slowing down, unless there's a HUGE sellout for whatever reason, an unknown factor if you will, which is something nobody can account for. At least I see more reason for BTC to rise rather than drop.
TLDR: No whales dictating prices, news buzz regarding Libra/World economies, a lot of "real" support/belief that BTC is the future, retail investors buy in FOMO, short sellers getting killed by short squeezes, no new news about regulating or hindering BTC.