@_author: jb_19
@_date: 2014-09-13 02:08:09
Why not both a bad password and a brute force attempt.  Seems to me like the most logical answer, also working in IT, is that she had a weak password that was cracked by brute forcing via the find my iPhone api. 
I really don't understand all the blame being put on her, certainly she should have been more cautious given her celebrity status, but, as secure as Apple pretends to be it's mostly behind closed doors so we really don't know for certain what weak points there are until it's probably too late.  Is it really reasonable to think the average consumer would know that all their stuff is backed up on Apple's servers regardless of having deleted it on their device.
@_date: 2014-10-18 14:57:09
Not only known but how long did it take for them to be fixed after being found. I think that is the point that everyone decrying open source as just as bad as, if not worse than, closed source software is missing. 
    
How long does it take for ie security updates to be released? When a bug is found in open source how long until you can start to fix the problem?  To me, at least, that the biggest benefit to open source.
@_date: 2015-07-21 10:52:19
I see what you are saying now but I'm not sure I agree entirely.  Again anecdotally my wife fits into the category of users who wouldn't use Linux were it not as easy as it is.  Because she didn't install the OS her security practices were pretty terrible (hmm I wonder what this link does level) but I've since taught her how to be safer online in conjunction with her new operating system.  She's now one of those employees that IT loves as she's caught a couple phishing attempts and stuff like that.  I think the major difference is that now she has been exposed to an important aspect of computing that she was before completely unaware of.
It's the introduction to a system that allows freedom that promotes discovery and learning in my opinion.  With systems that "take care of that for you" or your only option is to but since service then it's easy to understand why the user isn't all that inquisitive as there is virtually no impact they feel they can have on their security, which is pretty wrong on its face.  I always heard things like "why didn't this antivirus with better" and stuff life that, not "how can I change my browsing habits to prevent infections?"
Again this is just my opinion so take it for what it is.
@_date: 2015-07-21 10:55:27
Not entirely, but mostly yes.  What percentage of Linux users do you think didn't install their own OS relative to Windows?  Even those who had someone else do it probably can got a little tutorial about the OS and some security practices from the installer.
@_date: 2015-07-21 15:35:58
I'm sure there are plenty of those on windows too, but he at least showed the initiative to follow a guide for getting Arch running and apparently was capable of doing it -not that it's really hard to do.  He just hadn't gotten to the point of knowing what he's doing on the command line but I'm sure he'll learn in pretty short order.  
Just by virtue of knowing what an operating system is I think he's surpassed the average windows user.  Again, I'm not saying everyone but there is a large group who think that there are Apple computers and the rest are just Windows.  If you ask most people what kind of computer they have they will respond with "Windows %version%".
@_date: 2015-07-21 01:25:33
Funny how that works.  We have a couple major issues which are resolved pretty quickly and suddenly Windows users think these are comparable to what they deal with all the time.
Just for the general populus who may come across this at a later time/date:
* Linux is open source so when bugs are found - yeah it's bad as everyone who knows how can potentially exploit it; however that also means that anyone who knows how can potentially fix it and we don't have to wait for a single huge entity to get around to patching a bug.
* Linux is modular - 99% of the time you can just turn off whatever is broken and replace it with something else comparable.  Heartbleed was bad but you could just roll back the version until a fix was released.
* Linux has sane security policies.  It was built with multi-tiered authentication so even if you get someone's account, assuming it was properly set up, it's a whole other level to be able to break out of that account.  Also, SELinux.
* The average user on a Linux based system is generally much more aware of safe security practices and more tech savvy.  I'm not saying that all Windows users are incapable but there is an initial hurdle to get into Linux that doesn't exist for Windows anymore.  
Remember, code is by it's very nature imperfect.  Is Linux Perfect - not at all.  Is it better than other alternatives - mostly yes.  Is it the best out there for security - [nope]( and we all know that.
@_date: 2015-07-21 02:41:22
MInd you I'm specifically speaking to desktop systems.  Yes Android has taken over the market for smartphones but as the vulnerability and the discussion on hand don't really deal with that segment I was omitting that aspect.  
You really don't think that someone who has to install their own OS, sort of as the base minimum to get Linux up and running, doesn't automatically put them a step above the average (I'm including all desktop users - not just a segment)?  It pretty much eliminates all the uninitiated right from the get go - thereby dragging down the average technical knowledge of all those who chose to advance on their pre-installed OS.  
Anecdotally I've seen far more Windows admins who don't understand what's going on during 'common' tasks, for example domain authentication  sending and receiving email, than Linux/Unix though I attribute that to having to actually set that up on Linux instead of having it all wrapped up in a pretty little program on Windows.  Of course this is just my personal experience so take that for what it is.  
@_date: 2015-07-21 03:04:18
Maybe I'm just being daft but I don't know what you mean or are referring to.  Please elaborate.  I could guess but in the words of someone much smarter than I: "Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak and to remove all doubt."
@_date: 2013-07-21 01:09:52
I must be the only one crazy enough to want both NFC and a normal deadbolt.  Hello [Security](  
@_date: 2013-06-24 01:23:29
Have to admit I read Spengler and read Spangler and of course [he]( immediately came to mind.  I loved that show but nobody else I know appreciated it =/ 