@_author: jbh425
@_date: 2014-01-19 01:50:34


the problem with *barter* has always been that its only worth what someone will give you for it. The purpose of fiat currency is specifically to solve this problem. Your anecdote about your worthless Venezuelan Bolivares enforces this point. Those Boliviares are only valuable *as currency* in the Venezuelan economy. And I would add, your problem is that you don't have a liquid exchange for those bills, not that they are actually worthless.


I hope that my point about the small farmer is not being over-analysed. I understand the rigors of daily life for the vendors and farmers throughout Nicaragua. My point in saying "small farmer" was intentionally anecdotal. Even within development circles, it is well-established that economic growth is accelerated when financial tools are provided to the middle of the market, rather than to the lowest economic strata.


the economic influence of local currency is to level the playing field. Politics and international policy can cause the Cordoba to fluctuate wildly, but all players are affected evenly. One of the reasons that wealthy people prosper in developing countries is that their wealth gives them access to financial instruments that isolate their risk. 


In my time there I have not found this to be true. In fact, the Cordoba is tied to the US dollar and adjusted quarterly for inflation. But even if it is true, it doesn't change the argument in favor of cryptocurrency. Nicaragua (like every other country) needs a healthy exchange for BTC&lt;-&gt;NIO.
Look at the leapfrog of the land line infrastructure to provide cell phone service, and the development of affordable handsets. Those handsets could very easily provide the protocol for a cryptocurrency wallet, giving access to a borderless cryptocurrency to anyone with a cell phone.
The reason that Bitcoin is unstable is because it is speculative. It is like a penny stock, an internet start-up, or a new invention. Its untested.
Maybe my post wasn't clear, but I have no intention of passing donated bitcoins along to struggling farmers. That would be irresponsible on so many levels.
I decided that we would accept Bitcoin on our website as a way of saying, "we believe in the promise of this technology", not to say, "we are going to give your bitcoins to small farmers in Nicaragua."
Hope that clarifies things.
@_date: 2014-01-19 00:34:31
The technology isn't there now. The point is that the concept of cryptocurrency holds promise for people who currently rely on fiat cash and barter in an unstable local economy. If bitcoin provides the farmer with greater economic stability or broader economic opportunity than the local currency, and the cost of exchange is not prohibitive, then there is a value to him in trading in cryptocurrency relative to his local currency. This is not the case today, and there are major hurdles to getting there.  But bitcoin has as good a chance as anything of getting there. IMHO. 