@_author: jboeke
@_date: 2014-12-11 05:44:39
How the heck do you judge someone new to political office that is running against the incumbent? Answer this and you just answered your question 
Or... you can judge the performance of your current representative by the performance of your state and general satisfaction with the direction of the country as a whole. How does the environmental record or educational ranking or financial stability or transportation infrastructure or &lt;something you care about&gt; of your state compare to other states? Better than average? Then maybe your representative is doing a good job. 
Better yet, talk to them. Go to a town hall meeting. Ask them open ended questions about the issues that matter to you. How do they respond? Don't like their answers or solutions to the problems you pose? Don't vote for them.
@_date: 2014-12-11 04:59:37
I think there is at least one small bit of encouragement in the task that lies at hand. I would hope that politicians are like most people in that they do not want to be controlled by anyone. They don't want to be forced to vote along their party lines if they disagree with something and they certainly don't want to be whores to lobbyists. 
Maybe it's the optimist in me but I think that, at least in the beginning, people get into politics to make a positive change in the world. Reversing the 1970 legislation gives politicians an out to vote their conscience. They would be, for once, on the same side as the citizenry on this issue.
@_date: 2014-12-11 04:39:36
Colorado resident here. Seems we've got a double edged sword of participation vs. integrity. The mail-in ballots are certainly going to help participation but challenge the integrity. The good thing is that I still have the option of taking my ballot down to a polling place and using a booth the old fashioned way. It really puts the onus on the voter to protect themselves from the intimidation and vote buying threats. If I feel that those are threats, I can just take my ballot to the polling place. Then again, maybe my abusive spouse steals my ballot and mails it in for me. It's a tough balance for sure.
@_date: 2014-12-11 21:53:48
Oh, the culture needs to change for sure. I was mostly responding to your 'bit of a tall order that will take decades' comment. It seems to me that a cultural overhaul of congress is a much more extensive undertaking than merely trying to convince a majority of congress to repeal certain provisions of one bill. Pragmatically, it's a great place to begin the sea change.