@_author: jbuzolich
@_date: 2017-12-09 19:16:56
This coinbase to gdax transfer process seems to be posted everywhere but it never hurts to see it again and help others.  I'm in learning mode myself and laughing that I didn't buy anything years ago when I was first curious about it.  Probably thousands of people in the same boat.  Anyway as I'm learning it does feel like the fees are one of the largest risk factors to me which will hinder broad adoption.  I see I can transfer from coinbase to gdax and then say out to a hardware wallet for free.  When I was looking last night at trying to learn what a transfer would look like sending from my hardware wallet out to an address the lowest fee was about $10!  Didn't matter the value transferred, that was the fee if I was pretending to send $3 or $1000 worth.  $10 was the lowest fee.  I have heard about the transaction backlog impacting the fees but personally I can't fathom even paying $1 when I need to move funds from account to account or person to person.  All of my regular everyday banking accounts or retirement accounts are free.  Once every ten years maybe I'll need a wire transfer for a $20 fee when buying property but that's rare.  Hopefully the fees will get down.  I can't see success unless fees are extremely low.  
Just my thoughts and yes I've read about alternate currencies with lower fees.  It's exciting to learn about.
@_date: 2017-12-13 21:39:40
I agree completely.  The stuff I share or ask questions about is literally throw away money.  I'm treating the whole thing as a learning experience because I'm curious.
@_date: 2019-04-28 14:33:06
Interesting to watch that video but all I'm thinking is how cumbersome it looks.  I might do something like that while sitting around with a friend relaxing but can't see going through those steps to buy some groceries.  I do really like the Walmart app for payment.  Now that they are taking away the savings catcher where you could get refunds on items you bought if there are better prices at other stores, I'm not sure I'll continue bothering with the app.  Using my card with a chip or contactless is faster than unlocking my phone and then again also unlocking the app.