@_author: jcadem
@_date: 2014-08-27 21:36:45
I don't think the idea is terrible at all, I think it's great.  A casual environment for both buyers and sellers; I'm in.
If anything, I'd say that the website could use tweaking (which comes with time,)  right off the bat I'd suggest a big link at the top asking if you're a buyer or seller.  From that, I'd just solidify the UI and promote.  
Anyway, the only experience I have selling some of my art online is through society6 which does all the printing and mailing for you which is nice, that being said, if you want some digital art on your site I'd be happy to upload some png's or whatever is best.
[my stuff that I'd give away or accept btc for](
@_date: 2014-08-01 16:42:19
It's not a useful service for r/bitcoin, but for mildly interested people (meaning people who think it's interesting and cool but don't necessarily care enough to revolutionize the monetary system) who are looking for more stability in btc before getting into it; it's great.  
This is a perfect example of accepting a new and possibly untapped group of adopters into the btc family alongside the existing ideology of direct wallet to wallet transactions with balances that (compared to fiat) fluctuate daily.
In short, the relative nobody that I am, thinks this is a good addition to the existing services although I won't personally use it.
@_date: 2014-09-04 17:51:17
Makes sense to me.
@_date: 2014-09-04 15:25:27
My thoughts on solar energy and electric cars:
There shouldn't be solar panels on every home because the current PV cells are fragile, toxic, and most importantly, there's a huge amount of embedded energy from the creation of them.  The theory behind using the sun for energy is great, I have no problems with that but I do have problems with people saying that the current system we have for using the sun's energy is an end all be all solution; it's not.  
That being said, I'm thrilled that it's popular because that drives the market to develop cheaper, more efficient, and easier / less toxic to build solar panels.  
As for electric cars, I see the wide-spread use of them as a band-aid.  Sure it makes the consumer burn less oil (a good thing) but it also does two things:  it furthers lead / chemical mining and makes people further reliant on power plants.
Neither of those are all bad, I think we can all agree that just about everything that goes on has good and bad aspects to it, so let's avoid polarity of argument.  Anyway, this widespread use will be amazing IF companies can develop batteries that require less critical input to manufacture (lots has been done on this, few results so far) or if we can revolutionize how powerplants work, which has been worked on for decades with efficiency improvements, but no major changes.  
So that's my two cents, solar panels and electric cars are great because they further discussion and research but are by no means a solution just yet.  
I wish every alternative energy was as popular right now, the active development of all options will be the only way out of our energy crises, not the 100% adoption of solar panels or electric cars. 
@_date: 2014-08-27 14:57:05
Not a single person saying "Well, I printed my thingy onto a metal wallet and then I bought a safe."
I think we're just securing a bit of money, not trying to trick Danny Ocean and his band of misfits.
@_date: 2014-09-04 17:44:46
Yep, those are kind of the reasons I say electric cars are a band-aid.  They're not solving problems but are consolidating them (for better or worse.)
Well yeah, but I don't think physical size is as much of an issue as radioactivity.  
but whatever, the future will be fine.
@_date: 2014-04-05 20:47:31
because you're items are exposed to a much larger customer base and that allows you to raise your price to cover the fee's.  
@_date: 2014-09-05 16:11:09
In my experience, the fear that prevents people from using bitcoin is not the fear of independence, it's because to them, bitcoin is unknown and people fear the unknown.  What most people understand of bitcoin is the talking points from the news, that it's an alternate currency whose worth fluctuates.  So they don't invest because of two reason:  they don't want to lose money and they still want to be able to buy bread at the grocery store.  
When people read more about bitcoin, I find that they're generally supportive of it.  Whether or not they invest (or invest heavily) is completely still dependent on the two reasons above, they can't afford to lose any money, and you can't buy bread at the grocery store.  You can buy computer parts, curtains, and artisanal coffee beans, but not bread at the grocery store down the street.  You have to go out of your way to use it (which is changing and that is phenomenal) and THAT is what keeps people out of r/bitcoin, not that they are too stupid to manage their finances or that they enjoy being peons in a system designed to mollify them, it's simply that they can't lose a hundred dollars and they don't often buy things other than bread.
(Bread in this case alludes to daily/weekly purchases and not just ironkids.)