@_author: jcaldwell1
@_date: 2017-12-22 22:01:44
I hope all of us who have lost millions because of cex.io poor business practices can form a class action lawsuit. I think the majority of victims are located in the US due to cex.io being in london uk englang it is internation they have registered as a MSB in several us states. 
MSB Registration Status Information
Date: 07/26/2017
The inclusion of a business on the MSB Registrant Search Web page is not a recommendation,
certification of legitimacy, or endorsement of the business by any government agency.
The MSB Registrant Search Web page, which is updated on a weekly basis, contains entities that have registered as Money Services Businesses (MSBs)
pursuant to the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA) regulations at 31 CFR 1022.380(a)-(f), administered by the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN).
Information contained on this site has been provided by the MSB registrant. FinCEN does not verify information submitted by the MSB.
Information provided on this site reflects only what was provided directly to FinCEN. If an error or incomplete information is detected
on this site, the registrant should follow the appropriate instructions for correcting a Registration of Money Services Business (RMSB) form.
MSB Registration Number: 31000100918094
Registration Type: Renewal
Legal Name: CEX.IO LTD
DBA Name: CEX.IO
Street Address: 2nd floor, 1-5 Clerkenwell Road, Lo
City: London
Zip: EC1M5PA
Foreign location: UNITED KINGDOM
MSB Activities:
Money transmitter
States of MSB Activities:
California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, District Of Columbia, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maine,
Massachusetts, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nevada, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Puerto Rico, Rhode Island, South Caro
@_date: 2017-12-22 20:09:43
How long did it take for them to resolve this issue for you? I have had a ticket that was escalated on 12/16   ticket  I still have not gotten a response back from them. I would imagine they are wanting to keep my account locked out till it is worthless probably using my coins on their trading platform since they have been in a deceptive business since opening in 2013 they used to offer managed mining services which is what I bought then they stop supporting coins you mine and take them from you CEX.IO is the worst company I have ever done business with. I have sent them the same information that fotiskaf mentioned in his post I feel like I have been robbed I do not feel secure with their site at all.