@_author: jciecka
@_date: 2013-11-24 22:00:43
Attempt  When Joe Miner finds X solution to Y problem, he adds his solution to his list of other solutions.  Joe "borrowed" this list from another miner because it was the longest list he found, and as such other miners will borrow Joe's list later.  If however the other miners borrow Frank's list (another miner who found a different solution at a similar time), Frank's list will be the longest one (and thus used by more and more miners), and Joe's solution will be for naught.  Whoever's list other miners build on will receive a 25 BTC reward.  Let's assume Joe's list is the one everyone builds on.
Side note: thank you so much for helping me with this.  I didn't expect Bitcoins to be as difficult to understand/explain when I chose it for a concept essay.
@_date: 2013-11-24 20:50:41


making. If the majority were based on one-IP-address-one-vote, it could be subverted by anyone 
able to allocate many IPs. Proof-of-work is essentially one-CPU-one-vote. The majority 
decision is represented by the longest chain, which has the greatest proof-of-work effort invested 
in it. If a majority of CPU power is controlled by honest nodes, the honest chain will grow the 
fastest and outpace any competing chains. To modify a past block, an attacker would have to 
redo the proof-of-work of the block and all blocks after it and then catch up with and surpass the 
work of the honest nodes


assemble more CPU power than all the honest nodes, he would have to choose between using it 
to defraud people by stealing back his payments, or using it to generate new coins. He ought to 
find it more profitable to play by the rules, such rules that favour him with more new coins than 
everyone else combined, than to undermine the system and the validity of his own wealth.
tl;dr It's impractical and damnably near impossible.
@_date: 2013-12-01 21:16:08
Just put the finishing touches on the essay today, thanks for all the help!
@_date: 2013-11-24 20:46:09
Unconfirmation: The site works for me
@_date: 2013-11-24 20:55:08
Attempt at fixing: When Joe Miner founds a solution to X problem, he sends out a signal to network that says, "Hey guys, I found Y solution."  This signal is added to a list of similar signals, and Joe receives 25 BTC.  If anyone else finds Y solution, they will not be rewarded because Y is already on the list of solutions.