@_author: jcmckenna
@_date: 2017-12-14 23:25:32
I'm not trying to be a butt-head here - or irritate anyone - but, respectfully... what the heck?? Why are you guys talking about increasing block size at this juncture? And, if you agree with it, then what is the logic in thinking BCH is some lame scammer altcoin - when the majority of all they did was simply increase the blocksize to 8mb (and plan to scale infinitely on-chain as needed - per the wp)? I don't get it... either you scale on-chain - which solves the tx and fees problems (no need for LN or SW and all their cuts/fees as well [whoever the hell "they" really are - scary enough tbh]) - or you don't (which means you choose LN and SW to handle the growing pains [one day, hopefully]). Seems to me that the fears you are expressing are a justification of the hard fork in August. A weird mixture of the two though... arbitrary block size increases + SW + LN... I dunno - totally lost on this guys. Overly complicated. Yeah - BTC is in a philosophical and technical bind right now. A sort of identity crisis perhaps. And, I have no clue what all the extreme hatred/disgust for BCH is all about, when we all got some for free in equal quantity, especially if you all decide to grow yer block size after the fact. And, why stop at 2mb? Why is that the magic number?? What about 10 years from now??? On-chain scaling was and is the simplest solution to all of it. This is all just illogical to me honestly... [and I do write this respectfully/sincerely. I wish the BEST for all BTC and BCH investors alike. We're all crypto-philes and speculators, in this together in my view (and before the herd arrived thank goodness).]
@_date: 2017-12-19 19:47:45
Scaling is already solved - turns out - there wasn't a problem!
@_date: 2017-12-20 17:34:25
If you (and others) don't realize how perfectly inverted your opinion is at this point - after all the information about SW and LN and their backers - how the side chains are designed to ultimately operate and where the fees are going - after all the info about Satoshi's clear intentions regarding on-chain scaling etc (and after YEARS of scaling on-chain)... there's no hope of getting through.
@_date: 2017-12-20 06:51:43
Everyone knew it was coming, since yesterday morning. A bunch of people discovered a new selection box for BCH, on Coinbase's API pages, buried in one of the popup menus. The chatter and screenshots propagated on the BCH reddit immediately. Combine that with weeks of them stating they'd support BCH. The announcement on their Twitter was not much of a surprise, only the extent to which they supported it right out of the gate was (full trading etc).
@_date: 2017-12-20 17:35:34
Exactly. Thank you. Some sanity at last...
@_date: 2017-12-20 07:50:45
Fair enough. And that is quite upsetting that they lied  to (or misinformed) you about the date. I would be irked as well since investment decisions can hinge on such dates. Pretty crappy. Not so sure Bitcoin Cash "people" colluded with Coinbase necessarily, not aware of the link between them, but to be fair I do see how it could be suspected. Just wanted to let ya know about the leak 24 hours prior tho, since I'm certain it could have accelerated things and moved price early (to some minimal degree at least) as we were all talking about it over on the BCH reddit. Sorry to hear Coinbase was dishonest/inaccurate with you. Best of luck to you with your investments! 
@_date: 2017-12-20 17:26:07
This is so ridiculous I can't even believe it was posted on a "major" crypto news site. And, I get (or have simply accepted) that the BTC community gets off on berating BCH and call it names and avoid saying "Bitcoin Cash" etc... but the article headline and body uses "bcash" too?? Talk about a website and collusion. Insane propaganda war. This is getting so low-level and desperate in nature that I'm actually concerned for some peoples' sanity. Just so completely transparent and asinine...