@_author: jcmoney19
@_date: 2017-11-28 13:21:27
40% neo. Got in early with antshares and it appreciated a lot. Still believe in it long term.
20% btc. Everyone should have a little bit of this when in crypto in my opinion
15 percent in Ltc and vtc. Faster less popular currency coins that could see dramatic increases if atomic swaps are enabled. Slightly undervalued in my opinion. 
10 percent mixed between eth lsk and omg. Other worthwhile projects in my opinion .  
@_date: 2018-03-18 04:59:54
He's not just saying delete the drop he's saying delete the insane rise that happened in December also
@_date: 2017-10-10 01:58:09
To be fair I believe in both titles of the articles. It will be hard for bitcoin to overthrow gold especially in market cap. We are still many years about from this. If we double market cap every year it'll still take about 6 years.  Less than 100 billion now. 200 400 800 1.6 tril, 3.2, 6.4 trillion. Still lower than gold. So yes I agree with it. 
At the same time, it's definitely better than gold in many ways. I invested my money in a backwards mammer nyinvesting in bitcoin which lead me to research gold and silver and buy these commodities as well. A reoccurring theme amongst both invrstments is fraud from banks and controlling the people that make the country run. I am yet to invest in stocks because I'd most likely be buying at a high and would lose money at the inevitable collapse over the next decade. I don't know if actually Americans money will continue to pull out and go to gold silver cryptos or something else. I know for now that my extra money will continue to find a way into crypto, and pay off my house more quickly to avoid interest.
It's important to capture both sides. In debate class both sides need argued. Even if you agree more strongly towards one side. 
@_date: 2018-04-24 03:30:37
We won't know if it'll be better until further down the line..depends on if those with the money (power) decide to use their wealth for good or bad purposes.  It's hard to tell right now what people like Roger ver, Craig Wright, the twins or any of the other major bitcoin holders plan on doing
@_date: 2018-04-24 03:07:06
Although many of these point are true to an extent, most people that believe in bitcoin have another agenda for wanting it to succeed. To give power back to the people. After learning what bitcoin it, I've learned more and more about how corrupt our government and many government's are and understand more clearly why the rich continue to get richer and the poor are fighting for scraps. It's idealistic to thing bitcoin will overtake the  banking industry and the elites but it's worth a risk of part of my wealth.
Way to many people work their life away only to have everything stripped away from them while many people hoard all the money in the world. If there is any chance that crypto curriences,  bitcoin or blockchain can at least help a little bit your damn right I as well as many others will invest time or money to see it happen even if it's not as user friendly or practical right now. Technology always has hurdles and something that can be revolutionary will absolutely have it's ups and downs. This compounded with the fact that very rich and very powerful people want to see it fail makes it that much harder to gain traction. But there is always that possibility and if rather be along for the ride if posaible. Although a lot of stores don't accept it, I've bought silver, and ive paid friends for work that they have done. Peer to peer transactions have worked fine for us