@_author: jcnmd
@_date: 2019-06-18 18:50:21
Thanks again Vertigo! I was told that they would first diagnose. Depending on diagnosis, they would either try to replace parts or extract the platters and try a different method but all options would be presented before any work was done.
@_date: 2019-06-18 19:00:00
Yeah I don't recall a seed but I do recall writing down a really long # which I of course lost.  If I did what I think I did and from my limited understanding, I should have a wallet.dat file or something like that where I can retrieve my key and as long as I have my key and passphrase if encrypted I should be able to retrieve, correct?
@_date: 2019-06-18 15:25:03
Yes but I know I’m not qualified. I would never attempt to open it much less replace any parts myself. Thanks for the response!
@_date: 2019-06-18 19:00:40
Wallet was created in Oct/Nov 2010. BTC was .33 USD.
@_date: 2019-06-27 00:04:33
Update: After a lot of thought, I sent my drive to Gillware last week. I received a phone call from them today stating that there was nothing that they can do. The platters where two badly scored from a stuck head. Needless to say, it’s not what I wanted to hear. I probably should have asked more questions or maybe asked him to send a picture so I could post but I was too disappointed and not really knowledgeable enough to think of the right questions to ask. He mentioned the age of my drive, no ramp, balancers and some others tech stuff that was over my head as causes and reasons that they could do anything.
As much of a letdown that this news is, I will say that the overall experience with the Gillware was a good one. They communicated well. They received my drive yesterday and had an answer for me today.
I am not quite ready to give up on this though. I’ve seen some video of some pretty unconventional methods of trying to read scratched and scored disk. Does anyone have any suggestions for a second opinion or method?
@_date: 2019-06-18 18:36:18
Thanks for the replies. This is definitely my fault. I don't have anything other than I know I bought it. The whole process took a while. I ended up with a strange icon on my desktop that I open to  see how many Bitcoin I had and the value of them. There may have been some options to buy/sell... I don't recall. I gave bank info to purchase, not a credit card. 3 months after purchasing BTC at .33 USD, the drive crashed and the paper that I wrote down the long key on went missing. It is my fault. I am pretty sure I encrypted my wallet and I do know that password as I made it up specifically for this. After crashing, I took it to GeekSquad who told me they would have to send it out and thats when I said, no thanks, and its been sitting in my closet ever since. I told myself at the time that the day would come. Then, i forgot all about it to be honest until BTC rose in 2017... then I was like holy !@ I have that but now what. I don't want to let it out of my site. Leaning toward Gillware or a company like that. Just thought I'd reach out to this community before I made any decisions.
@_date: 2019-06-18 18:46:44
I'm on the East coast. Thanks for the suggestions. I'm exploring all options at this point and will look into Louis as well as HDD. These bigger companies ask specifically what you are looking for and I get it. I don't want or care about My Documents &gt; My Photos here and if there is a small window to recover data I want them looking for the right files. Its a catch 22 though. I tell them and now they know or I don't tell them and my case isn't taken as seriously as I'd like it to be. My worst fear is that I place a ticket with a well-known and respected data recovery company and drop my drive in the mail. What if UPS or Fedex is having a bad day.... unlikely, but could happen. I will assume that they get the drive. A dishonest tech, who knows what to look for, because I told them it was there, is able to fix and read the drive. He/she steals my bitcoin and important BTC files, etc... or at least makes it so that I can’t get it. (I guess they would still need my passphrase if I encrypted it but they still wouldn’t be mine). Then they destroy the drive or erase any evidence of BTC, they say it wasn’t there or they couldn’t fix it and send it back broken, empty or torched for any future repair attempt.
I know it comes down to trust. I’m just having a hard time not knowing the who, what, when, where why and how questions. I normally give mankind the benefit of the doubt but when it comes to this I feel like I am justified in having the “Trust No One” mindset. I know I’m going to have to get over it. Once it leaves my possession though it truly is out of my hands. The one choice I do have is where to take or send it so just doing my diligence in reaching out to this community for suggestions before I make a decision. 
I appreciate everyones comments and insight.