@_author: jcompguy
@_date: 2014-03-20 03:01:44
I never said I didn't work in low level IT, which I do.  But I definitely know a lot more about technology than the average person.  Most of my clients are average users who's time is better spent doing other things, like making money, which is why I have a job in the first place.  So I have a good idea of how the average non-tech savvy person thinks.
Your response is a good example of the potentially impossible hurdle that cryptocurrencies face.  If the "true believers" get offended and emotional every time an "ignorant" person like myself questions bitcoin's potential, what hope does it have of ever gaining general acceptance?
@_date: 2014-03-20 02:18:14
I may be overly pessimistic, but yes, that's what I'm thinking.  Will there ever be a company, program, or system that is so secure and easy to use that it will allow bitcoins to compete with current financial institutions?  Of course I'm referring to banking in the US.
If bitcoin exchanges ever become as secure and regulated as a bank, then what's the difference between a dollar and a bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-03-20 02:45:53
No, which is why I made it clear I'm only referring to US banking.  Cryptocurrencies definitely have more advantages being used outside the western world, and that in no way determines a currencies' success or failure (although you could argue that the bitcoin's value is based on the value of more stable currencies).  However, if the measure of success for bitcoin is being able to be used as easily and securely as a debit card or physical currency, then it has a long way to go, if it will ever be able to get there.
However, if simply existing and being able to be used by a limited number of people for a limited number of applications is considered successful, then it's already there.  I can't get a burger with Paypal, for example, but I wouldn't call the company a failure as a payment processor.  That's why I am contending that cryptocurrencies will never become a widely used currency unless a lot changes.  And if those changes were made, would there even be a difference between a bitcoin and a traditional currency?
@_date: 2014-03-20 02:30:44
I agree 100%.  If "Bitcoin 2.0" ever emerges though, what would be the advantage to using it over standard currencies for the average person?  Would it even have any meaningful differences?
Also, not to be too nitpicky, but my bank doesn't actually charge me any service fees since I have enough money in my accounts.  Even though it's ridiculously low, they do pay interest on the money just sitting there doing nothing.  I'm probably just too inexperienced with cryptocurrencies in general, but I fail to see how inflation won't affect bitcoins in the future as well.  If an item costs $1 today and $2 20 years from now, why wouldn't you need to pay more bitcoins as the price of everything increases?