@_author: jcpb
@_date: 2015-07-05 17:25:52
FWIW, I'm not subbed to this subreddit.
The official retirement age for most developed nations is 65. In Greece, it's 55. That alone is more fucked up than Japan's aging population issue, and it's one of the main drivers of Greece's financial disarray. Even if it has its own currency, the Greek non-money (as in, everything *outside* of money) situation is untenable for bankers worldwide.
So the age problem in Greece can be summed up like this: you have an entire section of the population, aged 55-65, *collecting* money from the economy - rather than *contributing* to the economy. We don't live in the pre-WWII days anymore. General health of the elderly start going downhill around the age of 65, of which they're exposed to a bell curve (some folks, thanks to their living and eating habits, start having health problems earlier than 65; some others might not have anything debilitating until 70...). Most of them are still fairly fit for the workplace between 55 and 60. Yet, under Greek law, they're officially retired.
It has a very significant proportion of the Greek population imposing a drain in Greece's balance sheet, dictating its policies, etc. - none of them helping Greece's financial standing. Normally, the government could start devaluing its national currency, cause turmoil among its people, and push reforms - but it can't, because it decided to replace the drachma (which it *can* control via its own central bank) with the Euro (which is controlled by the ECB, not the Greek CB) back in 2001.
Missing an interest payment is not the same as 'default on all loans', but the knock-on effect is the same. By missing an interest payment, Greece in effect sends a warning to its creditors that it's at elevated risk of default - if it hasn't already at this point - on its debt obligations. Why would any sane banker in their sensible minds continue to extend money to a deadbeat?
**Greece's problem has nothing to do with the Euro being strong at all. It has everything to do with Greece itself.**
The EU cannot fix it for them. USA cannot fix it for them. IMF cannot fix it for them. Not even Bitcoin and all other cryptocurrencies can fix it for them. *Only the Greeks themselves can fix it - and they don't want to fix it at all.*
This ticking time bomb has been in Greece's hands for decades, but instead of trying its best to defuse it, it adds more explosive power into the bomb while removing mechanisms that prevent it from going supercritical. Now it wants everyone outside its borders to expose themselves to what is, fundamentally...
# A Big Fat Greek Problem