@_author: jcrew77
@_date: 2015-06-01 18:31:55
A point I probably should figure out on my own, but feel lazy:
The actual size of the final block is or is not determined by the max block size? Or is it determined by the number of transactions that can fit, up to the max block size?
I feel it is the latter, so large block sizes wouldn't happen unless we have the transaction rate to create them.  Someone would counter SPAM, but surely a large transaction would carry a large fee or the miners will choose to not include it.
If I am understanding correctly, can someone ELI12 why larger block sizes are bad?  Seems like they might even be more efficient in moments of higher transaction throughput. Even preferable once Block Rewards are halved a couple of times.
@_date: 2014-12-04 14:43:11
This reminded me to go buy some Alpaca socks. Thanks.
@_date: 2014-05-02 14:41:31
So an example I had debated posting myself:
I have an ex that I pay maintenance to, monthly.  The ex goes off on a trip, spends a bunch of money and claims to come home to find their Paypal account hacked and their bank accounts emptied.  I shake my head for having primary bank account connected to PayPal, but am then informed it was savings, too.  Ex has animals in kennel, no money to get them out, say will have to get rid of them....
Imagine emotional turmoil, as we have a kid and though I have primary custody, kid loves these animals.
I ask if Ex can come get maintenance check early.  Not enough gas.  I can next day a check for $20.  I can Western Union something for similar, maybe, but Ex did not want to have to deal with that, I do not know why, working maybe.  Ex has Emerald Card for some awful reasons, I can only imagine.  Asks me to MoneyGram money to it and emails account information. I call CVS, explain situation, and ask if I can send money to the account.  They tell me they can only deal with cash, I understand, no problem, I will bring cash.
I arrive with cash in hand and email of account information.  They tell me they can only send it to the card if I had the card physically in my hand.  I am polite, but mention telephone call and they still nope right out of it. I had done my research and knew that MoneyPak could also be applied to this card.  I knew MoneyPak could be purchased and then info given to someone else, I have done it a few times in the past.
So I go across the road, buy a MoneyPak and send the code to Ex.
This story seems a lot less dramatic than it felt at the time.  I had cash that I needed to get a distance away, but not even to another country or even state.  I did not have time to get it there and the person needing it could not afford to come get it.  It is my money; I should be able to do with it as I please, when I want and on my own schedule.
If only Bitcoin was accepted everywhere. If the Ex was setup for Bitcoin, I would have done that, but the Ex has no clue. So I found the cheapest means to resolve the situation.  Animals are home and life goes on.
Maybe planning could have prevented this.  Certainly on the part of the Ex, but I have no control over that situation. I do not know if PayPal will attempt to resolve the situation or cover some of the losses.  It isn't my problem, but it did make me think about all the people who try to claim that the problem with Bitcoin is how much of it has been stolen.  These people seem to be blind or ignorant of history and the Dollar, Pound, Deutsche Mark, etc.
TL;DR: If Ex knew about Bitcoin and Bitcoin was accepted everywhere I could have potentially saved two hours, $5 and probably 3 months of my overall life.
*EDIT: Words, Tense, homophones and such.
@_date: 2014-01-28 21:01:11
You can sigh at me all you want, but you did post a WashPo article from April of last year.
GDP by year, adjusted for inflation, so no whining about the value of the US dollar:
The same site also offers a nice long view of growth:
If no one shuts down the government this year, we might actually see a little more growth, but people are stupid, so that is doubtful.
Please go after David Woo and sigh, sigh, sigh:
Honestly, GDP is a shit metric.  There are less jobs, as we need less jobs.  We had a major boost of efficiency in the 90's and everyone did better.  We had another major boost in the 00's and a bunch of jobs went away, never to come back.  We won't ever need those people or their jobs back.  We will require smaller and smaller workforces in the future.  The old economy is dying.  Unfortunately, large corporations are making record profits as people search, hopelessly for jobs.  Though, if you are looking for one, let me know, I cannot seem to find people to hire.  Again, perspectives.  You have yours, and I have mine.  My head is in a lot prettier place.
@_date: 2014-10-27 14:48:00
You have a point, but I think the general consensus is that the two authors likely know less about the topic than they let on.  I might be overstating there, but a number of posters have said, they are great programmers and great minds working on Bitcoin.  They likely understand that centralization is more efficient in theory.  The world would be super efficient if we all wore the same shoe, drove the same car and ate the same meals, etc on and on.  That does not make them experts on comparing the costs of the systems involved.  I am not an expert on these individuals, but that has certainly been my take from a good number of the posters' comments.
It is a possibility that OP picked them, because they are key figures in Bitcoin, but tell a story that is not agreed upon by everyone, or even a large portion of those, involved in Bitcoin.  Someone who might not be involved in or is new to Bitcoin, might dismiss Bitcoin based on the framing of OP's statements and the appeal to authority.  
I think talking about the real efficiency of the existing payment networks and the real costs of a single Uber Alles Bitcoin payment network are not outside the scopes of this discussion. For if someone knows more on the subject than the two quoted authors, why should they not share it?
@_date: 2014-10-10 14:06:45
Ok, I do sometimes.  I have both bin and source versions installed at times, because sometimes my source compiled crashes and I want to see if the bin does the same thing, in the same scenario.  Nicely though, the binaries are labeled chromium or chromium-bin, so I can.
@_date: 2014-05-01 15:24:01
That or use a tumbler, if you can trust the implementation to be perfect and provider to not be compromised.  If you are really concerned, you will have to setup multiple wallets, and split the change being sent through the tumbler to multiple receiver addresses in the different wallets, in random amounts.  It all depends on your level of paranoia, warranted or unwarranted, and how far you want to try and bury your tracks.
It would seem to me, based on my knowledge, that if you are doing things that you fear legal reprisal for, you should use a separate wallet for those things and never perform a transaction with it that would tie personal information back to it.  In addition, take extra obfuscation measures, VPN, TOR, proxy, etc.
A large part of me feels, if you are doing things that do not interfere with the rights of others, we should push to remove the legal barriers.  I do understand, or believe, that civil disobedience is a step in successfully removing those barriers.
@_date: 2014-01-16 17:24:58
I ordered pillows from Overstock on Saturday, using Bitcoin.  They arrived yesterday.  Maybe not surprisingly, undamaged.  That was my first purchase from Overstock in two years, but I imagine there will be more.
That said, I do want to support the little guys, as well.  There were a ton of small merchants accepting BTC before Overstock.  If I missed one selling bedding, I apologize.
@_date: 2014-11-18 19:44:15
So when all of my fellow holders decide to jump to another currency, without notifying me, you are concerned I will be left holding the bag? Like when the famed BearWhale unloaded a large number of coins on a single exchange? I wonder who all of these holders will be selling to?
@_date: 2014-08-25 18:06:37
Me.  I am a weirdo though.  I like Bitcoin because I like the idea of cutting out the middle-people.  I am not a fan of the stranglehold banks have on the economy. I believe that people can be empowered with their money, direct transactions can occur and we can still collect taxes through some other means than income.  I feel that with a single global, crypto-currency, the need to bomb people different than the primary currency holders, would greatly be reduced and therefore, the amount of taxes needed to be collected, would be reduced.  Not to mention, without a Central Bank, the rent seeking attached to every dollar, would be eliminated.  I do not have a complete plan as to how it would all work and how all of the players would be kept from creating the same schemes in Bitcoin.  Right now it is sort of:
1) Bitcoin
2) ???
3) Utopia
Which I know sounds stupid and naive at that level, but I feel Bitcoin is step in the right general direction.  Also, I have grand hopes of semi-intelligent, automated devices bartering for goods and transportation, while running most of the economy in the background, and I do not see PayPal/CC's/Cash being an ideal way of making this happen.
@_date: 2014-09-03 18:28:39
Your failure at a comparison, is that the people at MtGox only lost what they had in it.  Sort of like those people swindled by Bernie Madoff.  They chose to put money there and they lost it.  It sucks.  I don't know if Mark/MtGox is a Bernie, an Enron or a Target/Home Depot, but I do know that the losses were limited to what was placed in MtGox.  Now I do not know and I know that you do not know, that those people affected by MtGox, will never see all or any of their money back.  To be honest, my experience had nothing to do with them or their situation.  Your comment is the same as commenting on every pro-nuclear post, "Oh how are those affected by Chernobyl getting on? I guess they all got their homes/land/lives back, eh? Oh wait..."  MtGox and fraud protection not being 100% all that is claimed to be have nothing to do with each other.
@_date: 2014-02-13 22:00:21
Idiotic is probably harsh. Naive may be more the appropriate word.  There are plenty of places in the world where Anarchy has reigned for a very short time, but it never is in equilibrium.  Anarchy is as much a dream as Pure Communism or Pure Capitalism.  All of them are great on paper.
I do not know if one has to be an optimist to vote, but one does lose their right to complain about the outcomes of elections if they refuse to be involved.  Granted, better choices to vote for would be nice (I am taking a very US approach to this as our voting system lacks the merits of many other countries, though it is superior to many countries as well).
Your point is not lost on me though.
@_date: 2014-04-30 21:08:45
I am not an expert.
Depends on whether the other receiver address is known or not.  If they are known, it will be pretty clear what is change and what is spent. If "they" can tie that known transaction to your identity, "they" can pretty much track how you spend the change.
My understanding is, if "they" can track one transaction, to personal identifiable information, in a chain of spending, "they" can trace the life of that btc.  So go buy btc from someone doing KYC and spend it in on some known service.  "They" know who you are and what you are buying.
Ideally, and I may be outside my realm of understanding here and above, every receiver address is unique.  Like the receiver, of your Bitcoin, generated a new address, tied to your order.  That information and your personal information is handled and transmitted in a secure manner.  Obviously, if no goods are being shipped, there should be little to no personal information. Maybe an email and use a throwaway if you are concerned.  With IP addresses and fingerprints on packets, it is still very hard to conduct anonymous transactions on the public Internet.  Use a proxy and a VPN, to further dilute the details.
My general belief, is that if you exchange Bitcoin for goods not exchanged face to face (Basically anything shipped to you), anonymous is not guaranteed, if even possible.
*They = Some entity that cares enough to tie this information together and has the resources to do it.
@_date: 2014-01-28 15:09:39


Can you source this? I am not sure reality aligns with your claims.
@_date: 2014-08-27 13:18:12
And... I think I missed how this comment plays off of my comment of your previous comment.  Because, to this retard anyway, you used it in one sense and have now come back and tried to backfill that by claiming it is entirely something else.  Clearly I was not commenting on how it is used in the legal sense of deciding intent.  Or I think that is clear and I think it is clear you were not using in such a sense when you were cloudy with Pinot.
That said, I completely agree on guilty mind, as you have used it above and its purpose in law.  I cannot think anywhere in any of my comments in any of my posts in the history of such things that I argued against it or thought it was a bad idea.  So I will pass on your suggestion to degrade myself with a law degree to argue something that I do not feel a need or desire to argue about.  It is not what you were arguing about before nor is it what I commented on your argument about.
As for calling immature people retarded, you should know that retard is also a technical term used by professional and using it as a derogatory, hardly makes you a better person than those chuckling over 'zipping' things up, in my estimation.  That said, we are all entitled to opinions, and you can attempt to make your arguments seems coherent or superior by filling them with something meaningful, or you can go your route. 
@_date: 2014-12-21 00:11:04
I appreciate your perspective here. I went out to look at how fast PayPal ramped up and came across this:
This was very enlightening and especially good at 2/3 in.  I recommend everyone read it.
@_date: 2014-04-30 21:25:44
How rural are we talking? In a county of 19,000, I know of 2 other people with Bitcoins.  I do not live there, so I guess it is =&gt;2 out of 19,000.
@_date: 2014-02-13 14:17:10
I am with you.  99% of those that say Statist need to look up a dictionary and realize they are talking about themselves.  It is the fool opening their mouth and proving themselves an idiot.  Educate yourself.  Unless they are an Anarchist and then they are even more of an idiot.  Good job. (This is not pointed at the comment I am replying to. I agree with jgrad.)
@_date: 2014-03-17 17:33:18
I use Lastpass with a Yubikey.  True, I trust that the Yubikey is not already compromised.
@_date: 2014-04-25 19:51:56
Where my BFL hardware, that arrived much later than I hoped, runs at about 20% higher hash rate than sold and has been doing so for nearly 7 months without being down a second.
@_date: 2014-11-17 15:26:24
Thank you kind stranger.  I appreciate it.
@_date: 2014-11-11 17:25:51
I agree.  You could really have an ATM like interface, where you select your destination/currency, input the amount of local currency you want to send, and it gives you the conversion rate, etc.  The back end of it could all be Bitcoin, but the user itself never has to see it. Bitcoin could also be a destination option.  It could generate some token or key that could be communicated to the receiver, that the receiver could use to identify themselves to collect the funds.
I imagine, you will run in to issues with regulations.  If someone is sending thousands of dollars, in value, a month, to another country, you are going to have to get ID and KYC the individual.  And that is where the costs and hassle come in.
Still not having to build your own network, being able to put one of these access points anywhere with an Internet connect and being able to offload a large part of the security of it all onto the blockchain, has benefits.  If you are funneling enough value around, you could distribute it across exchanges to try and lower your conversion costs.  There is a lot I am not thinking about and there is a lot I am thinking about, but do not want to write a book.  I wish I was in a position to try and make it work.
@_date: 2014-11-17 15:25:09
Now if only someone will make this a meme and run with it.  "Bitcoin - The Universal Currency"  Or if that is not the part you were calling catchy, make your own.  Someone should get it on a t-shirt.  People could go do that over begging for tips, I am thinking.  
@_date: 2014-11-18 18:03:20
So the stock market? Or any investment?
@_date: 2014-08-23 21:41:16
Well throwing out retard does you no good when you obviously failed to read what I have written.  You make some good points, but I never said someone had to be shot for a crime to be committed, you went and made that up on your own.  Arguing against some fallacy, makes for a lot of pointless drivel.  
Still, "guilty mind" is in the arena of thought crime, is it not? I am guilty of it all the time.  I should be waking up to a bunch of AR15's in my face any day now, just because I thought about offing some douche that couldn't use their turn signal.  I am pretty sure I said it loud enough for at least a few other cars to hear me.  Yes, have to go buy the gun(s) and ammo, still.  In a truly free state, and no I do not run around damning the state or the government as much as the average one should be able to do whatever they want unless it interferes with another's rights.  I realize this and most nations/states/pointless, imaginary dividing lines, are not truly free and that it is merely some chest beating, hand waving, play the awful patriotic music BS to get the sheep to fall in line and commit horrible acts in the name of said Freedom.  That does not mean that I have to like it nor should it prevent me from saying that I do not like it, I mean unless of course it is even less free than we all like to pretend it is.
Now, call me retard and then write a bunch of words on a premise that you will not find in my comments and maybe you should have left the Pinot out of this.  Or at least picked a Syrah, but I am a retard who prefers dry and oaky wines, so what do I know, eh? Lawyers are some of the worst things to happen to society. Just another retard opinion for you. You are free to be dismissive as you want, but if you want your argument to mean something more than dog sick, you should have at least based it on something I wrote.
@_date: 2014-02-13 17:57:47
That is why I put next to every one that says "statist" - "Needs a dictionary".  Do you want me to give you the definition and break it down or would you prefer to continue on in gross, ugly ignorance?
Oh and if I offended you on the "Anarchist" comment, sorry, but does your mother know you are on the Internet unsupervised, again?
@_date: 2014-08-21 16:42:06
To add to pogey a bit: How many websites are handling my private key? How many are handling your credit card information?
Yes if an Exchange is hacked, a bunch of people may lose coins, but there are likely 10,000 websites with credit card information to every exchange. Further, people make a choice to leave their money on the exchange and there is not 100% proof that a hack will cause them to lose all of the money in the Exchange or an ability to positively state that it will/can never be repaid/recovered.  For sure, the coins/fiat they did not have in the Exchange, are still safe.
There are huge differences you are avoiding or ignoring.
*Edit to try and be more clear/distinct. I may still not be writing what I intend to say.
@_date: 2014-09-02 19:46:16
Right, because getting that fraud protection to actually cover your losses is as simple as snapping your fingers.  As well, the money to cover the losses is pulled from thin air and upper management bonuses.  My point is, having had a credit card defrauded and having had the credit card company notify me of it, it was still months of phone calls, paperwork and arguing to get most of the fraudulent charges removed. I say most, because the charges occurred while on a trip, and the charges occurred around the area that I traveled.  I am rather sure the perp swiped the card for my charges and then slid it through a reader under the counter.  I am sure there was another accomplice in the scheme, and those charges the CC company seemed to get rid of relatively easily, compared to the other less obvious charges.  I was still stuck with $200 that they refused to believe were not my own.
@_date: 2014-01-29 14:58:58
OK, if I understand you correctly, then maybe we are closer than I imagined from the comment I first read.  Which means I may have taken this somewhere it didn't need to go over a misunderstanding.  Honestly, I just wanted someone to prove the economy is shit, as so many seem want to do.  It is not the roaring 40's, but it will never be until we get more liquidity in the markets.  Now a lot of people aren't fans of printing money, but they also seem to not be fans of progressive taxation, so I am not sure how they imagine liquidity will happen. Buying more houses and hiring more caretakers for those houses, maybe.  I am not able to see things from their perspective as well as I would like.
@_date: 2014-08-18 21:03:22
Add to it, the main consumers of this information are Nurses and Doctors, who already claim simple security measures are getting in their way of treating patients.  Neither of these groups are technically inclined, certainly not more than the general populace, and, from anecdotal evidence only, likely less.  I can encrypt the data on the wire, the records in the database, and the pdf we kick your patient file out on, but I cannot solve the problem of people not wanting to have to type their password in or the provider that wants to access the patient info on their cell phone, but not wanting to password protect and encrypt their local storage. People are always the weakest link, in Healthcare and Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-02-14 20:43:25
You are in luck that fortune has smiled upon you:
@_date: 2014-11-17 15:29:45
I agree that in our current understanding, we cannot manipulate the state of one photon and necessarily be able to read it far, far, far away, in another galaxy maybe, instantly.  I am not sure it will ever be possible, as C and all that.  But, in my half hearted attempt to imagine how Bitcoin could be stretched across the celestial skies, I know of no other means by with it might be possible to not have to wait 1,000 of years for your transaction to confirm.  Though it is possible, that by then, we may not be concerned about a mere thousand years of waiting.
@_date: 2014-12-10 14:32:41
In the end, we disagree on the premise that the quantity of the currency needs to expand or contract to maintain stability.  Very few moments back your claim of wild price fluctuations, when most of the history of Bitcoin actually shows a very steady price.  If Bitcoin grows in value, then the fluctuations of price will further decrease.  Many would argue that it is the market cap that causes greater instability of Bitcoin's USD valuation, versus a fixed supply.  I would be in that camp.
@_date: 2014-08-27 17:57:12
To be clear, in case anyone thinks I was being even slightly negative, I was speaking very generically and I do not think OP was implying you were a scammer.  
Me, I checked your comment history, checked the address, made a reasonable guess as to how much one might need in the situation, reasoned that with the amount in the address and contributed what I thought I would if I saw you on the street.
If I felt any of the information available to me, pointed to a scam, I would have moved on with life and not commented at all.  I don't think I need to label people or force my judgements on others.
Glad you have a place to stay and I hope you have something left to eat with.
@_date: 2014-08-23 21:47:11
I believe, and maybe I should go read my comment again, my comment clearly stated the crime began when the gun was pointed at Charlie. That is assault with a deadly weapon right there.  Not an imaginary crime, as Charlie's rights were violated.  Or at least I do not have to stand on my head and screw with my mind to imagine how Charlie's rights were actually violated.  In fact, if one of the actors had said to Charlie they were going to kill him, that is assault, do not even have to get the gun involved.  We already have a bunch of crimes that do not involve the pulling of a trigger.  The fact that we keep trying to move it forward further and further, in the process of a potential crime that may or may not actually be committed, is laziness or that desire to give up liberty in exchange for perceived security, likely some of both.
@_date: 2014-11-17 14:18:26
Universal Currency.  That is what I would call it.  Doesn't matter where you are, in the Universe, theoretically, it should work, possibly with delay. Maybe someone is working on the blockchain and quantum entanglement.
@_date: 2014-08-22 20:30:03
While I agree with your assessment, this is one thing that gets me upset.
In a country that claims freedom, I should be free to do anything I want that does not interfere with the rights of another.  Which, I think means I could talk about killing someone, buy a gun and barrel, even drive to the person's house with gun and barrel, and I have still not interfered with the rights of another person, therefore no crime should have been committed.  The moment I threaten the person, so that they can hear/witness me, there by affecting their rights, whether using the gun or not, I have committed a crime.  But if I even pulled my car up to their street/road, got out, and walked around, before getting back in and driving off, I do not see how any reasonable entity could claim I had committed any crime against another.  Certainly I had denied no other being any of their rights. Which is why I would agree that a conspiracy charge, is a charge that proves you never actually committed a real crime, only one that has been imagined possible in the mind of someone else.  It is as close to thought crime as we can get, without psychics or behavior prediction algorithms in play.
I do not argue that the police would have to wait until Charlie is dead, but they should have to wait until Charlie actually has a gun to him, before making an arrest and charging for a crime.  The fact that they try and create a fictitious crime before that point, is laziness, or at least intellectual laziness.  These are the issues I have with at least this Nation and possibly others.
@_date: 2014-09-03 18:35:30
AT&amp;T Universal Platinum Mastercard.  There was no online claims in those days, that I know of, all phones and letters.  I did have online account management, but I do not know that dispute was an option.  I am sure the AT&amp;T aspect of it all did nothing to make the situation better.  I could go on, but I feel just naming the card already narrows me way down in the possible identities I am.
*edit: And I have not been impacted at any other time by credit card fraud and never by identity theft. Now my former significant other, if you can believe her, many a time and often loss of personal funds without restitution. I take it with a grain of salt.
@_date: 2014-07-07 17:12:23
I have never tried it, but I intend to, some day.
@_date: 2014-01-26 03:31:36
They will join BlackBerry in adding a handful.  I use Andreas Schildbach's Bitcoin App on BlackBerry (I love BB10, btw).  I know it is a port of the Android app and I hope Andreas gets the credit, I should go find an independent place to tip him.  It does have some quirks, like I cannot click an OTP link and launch the app and if I switch to another app to copy the address or amount, it will lose anything I already entered.  Still it lets me use Bitcoin on the go and that is awesome.
EDIT: Missed a c in Schildbach.  Probably still have it wrong.
@_date: 2014-12-09 19:51:28
Bitcoin will have 2.100.000.000.000.000 units, once all are mined, unless they change the integer type.  Or 1 whole Bitcoin is divisible 100.000.000 times, without modifications to the system.  So what is your exact concern? That a milliBit or a Satoshi is going to cost too much? Or that there is not enough for everyone?  I guess I feel that your concerned was solved from the very beginning.
@_date: 2014-11-04 14:12:40
As in A wrote a check to B. B cashed the check.  Then A wanted to get their money back? You could be correct, but I have doubts.
I had a situation where A forged a check to B.  Forged check drew on my account.  I went to the bank, contested it, signed a document stating it was not my check, they notarized it and the debit was reversed. I am pretty sure B lost that money.  I do not know what became of A.
So I guess, if you know A well enough to know that said check is not forged.
Also, I get there was legal action and, likely courts, in my situation, but it is streamlined.  Also, if you are A and you claim the check was forged, you have a chance of being caught.  Not sure that will solve B's issues, though.
@_date: 2014-12-09 22:47:31
As of July 2013, there was about $1.2 Trillion in physical US cash.  About $10.5 Trillion in cash and electronic bits representing cash.  That is 10.500.000.000.000.  Or roughly 1/200 the value Bitcoin could hold, with the current number of decimals, if each Satoshi was worth $1.
I just do not see this being the actual problem you try to claim it is.  I am more skeptical because you seem to be out to pimp a new altcoin on claims it solves a problem, that I doubt exists.  Maybe you should go on touting how the limited supply of US dollars makes them volatile and will never be stable until there are more printed.
@_date: 2014-08-27 17:22:21
I would say always check the address:
See how much is in it. If you feel that the amount sent exceeds what someone needs for the situation, don't contribute.  Just one more benefit of a public ledger.
@_date: 2014-10-08 14:54:57
Usenet crashed in usage? Do you have some stats on that? My 2 seconds Googling got me this:
In 1997, I went to a bank and asked for a meager loan to start providing Internet Access to an area in need of it.  I had everything pretty well setup that I was going to be able to this on a shoestring, which in hindsight would have presented issues.  The bank President said, straight faced, "This Internet thing is a fad and I do not feel that this would be a good investment for us to make."
So no, not everyone had a clue that the Internet would not fail, even in the late 90's.
@_date: 2014-11-18 21:13:08
So, a bunch of people throw money into a pile, then someone dives in and pulls out less than they put in, and the party dies? Did I get it correct?
I am sure you are a nice person that knows a lot about a good number of things, but I think there is a reason you get downvoted and it is not because no one wants to hear the truth.
I am not sure you understand Bitcoin. Or you have a different understanding than I do.  You value things that I do not.  Other people have different valuations than either of us.  Bitcoin is far more than a currency, that is only one of its uses.  The value of it is based on its usefulness.  One player exiting the market is not going to end it.  
You are getting into conspiracy level talk without even speculating how that conspiracy would occur.  You act as if what you do not know about Bitcoin, is the failure of Bitcoin and not yourself.   You seem to act like your prognostications are the only possible outcome.
Your truth is not my truth.
@_date: 2014-01-28 19:19:53
We are obviously reporting on different economies.  Your economy may not be, but the US is doing pretty well.  Not as well as many would like, but times have changed and most complaining have not accepted reality. 
So make claims of where my head is buried, it is in a lot prettier place than most people who share your views, though not all share your perspective.
@_date: 2014-05-13 16:39:21
So you, or some family member, sets up a service in Country X. This service accepts Bitcoin and cashes it out to the person with the right private key or verification of ownership of other part of a multi-signature or something along those lines.  Now, you can send anyone, that can walk, drive or get a cab to this location, Bitcoin and they can get local currency.  You compete on a lower cost to send the money (it costs you nothing to receive the Bitcoins) and exchange it for the local currency.  If you cannot do it cheaper than Western Union, etc, then your business ceases to exist.
Bitcoin enables new businesses and competition with entrenched businesses.  You or someone has to create the services that uses Bitcoin.  Navigating the regulatory waters and dealing with all of the sharks that prey on these situations, is not an issue with Bitcoin, but an issue that users of Bitcoin will have to find novel ways to overcome.
We are still early in this development. Not all of the services that make sending $3000USD to someone in another country, to be collected in their local currency are smoothed out, but the basics are there. People need to identify the demands and offer services that meet them.  Seems you just identified some issues, you believe, exist in the current services offered by companies working with Bitcoin.  You can profit, if you are clever enough, to find legal ways around them.
@_date: 2014-01-26 04:13:57
Wish I could get this in Vietnamese.  Wonder if they would care if it was in Chinese.  I only know they exchange them, I need to look at the one that I have. Love it.
@_date: 2014-11-19 14:20:26
It is probably on the fence between, intentionally dumb or not assuming I understand where he is coming from.
I get that a bunch of people can invest in something and then start bailing out.  In those situations, there will be winners and losers.  There is no such thing as a sure thing.  The early adopters are merely people who believed in something enough to invest in it.  They may win big, they may just as likely lose their entire investment.  Investing is a gamble, even on something with fairly proven returns.
We can look back on the early adopters, now, years later and see that they won big.  The people that got in a year ago, they may still win big.  I do not know. I do not know what the future holds, but like those who choose to put a lot of money into Apple, I feel Bitcoin has a future. the technology, the blockchain, is sound.  That is my opinion, but I do not go around telling people they are going to get screwed because they do not share it.
The guy I replied to, likes to claim he thinks Bitcoin might be around for a decade or two, then be replaced by something superior. Which is fine, except that he acts like that is a problem of Bitcoin or a reason not to invest in Bitcoin now. This honestly stinks of not understanding a lot, and I can extrapolate it to make a whole lot of unkind generalizations about his age, life, bed's proximity/relative location to his mother's, etc. I am trying to be a little bit kinder, not assume he is mentally impaired, and suggest that he simply may be espousing on topics he does not fully comprehend or know about.
A skeptic that has knowledge about the topic, would merely say, "I am not sure about this. I would suggest not investing more than you can afford to lose." I mean why does one go around telling people what to do and what not to do with their money? If someone comes to me with their latest penny stock, pumped up by some $800/yr stock suggesting service, I tell them I would be weary of putting a lot of money into and that I will pass.  I do not tell them about how some people, including the maker of the newsletter, might be pumping it up, just to dump it.  I do not tell them that they should not put their money into it or that they would be dumb to put their money in.  Maybe they get up a little earlier than the other subscribers.
@_date: 2014-12-03 14:47:18
Like provide defense, roads, schools, police, fire fighters, ambulances, disaster assistance, consumer protection, regulations for medicines and healthcare, social safety nets, care for the elderly, etc.  I am sure I am missing some of those and I put in some of them that people that do not know what it was like before we provided the very little that we do now, would baulk against.  I take issues with some of them, myself, as I do not like everyone else trying to tell me what I need to be safe and who I should fear.
@_date: 2014-01-29 20:00:50


Unless people are buying things. Do we agree the current monetary system is based on always going into debt? That money (The US Dollar for my purposes)  is constantly being devalued, more debt is constantly being created to pay the old debt and keep the system capable of affording the same things it bought yesterday.
In the 90's we had a boost of efficiency and lots of capital, that had not been circulated for some time, poured into new companies. These new companies had a tendency to be very inefficient in how they spent.  It created a lot of liquidity and most everyone's position improved. (I feel I am being very generally and glossing over much of the detail, but my point is there was a recent time that a lot of capital, not fresh, but old capital, was put back into the system and well distributed.)
That was an exception to what we have had for most of the the last 40 years.  More and more capital is locked away and not circulating in the system.  So now the system (The Fed) creates more money to pay the debt and continue buying the things that it bought yesterday.  It also has to account for the fact that there is less liquidity in the system, because more money has been removed from it (Offshore accounts or invested into non-liquid assets). In the last 40 years, most of us have been playing in an ever shrinking pool.
Some people will argue that markets create liquidity and I would say that was true 50 years ago, maybe.  With today's high speed buying and selling, it is more about extracting capital from the system than creating liquidity within it.


You can say that.  We cap it at a level that encourages cheats and get rich schemes.  To be fair, cheat is more, taking morally questionable, but legal, advantage of others that may have one or many disadvantages.  Think large banks making, packaging and reselling subprime mortgages.  If the multimillion dollar bonus you were getting for taking advantage of a thousand people, at the cost of their income and home, was getting taxed at 90%, maybe you would find more constructive ways to handle it.  True, in the days when we did have that high of a tax rate, and had much better market liquidity with less capital locked away from the general pool, we also had more tax evasion.  We have laws about that.
Now I am not an economist, not that that has any credit around here, nor am I Economics major.  My understanding of this is largely based on what I have read and gleamed from many different corners. My interpretation fits my general beliefs and observations. I may not know shit, but the shit that I think I know has a general comfort about it.  I also will not swear that my terms capital and liquidity match the technical definition by which everyone else swears by.  In short, I may be a total dumbass, but I have attempted to gain some understanding of things and it may be all incorrect.
@_date: 2014-08-22 21:14:10
Until someone's rights are violated, there is no crime.  I mean we can pretend there was a crime, but what is it? I know, we make up victimless crimes all the time and pretend that we are doing justice by convicting people of them.  Granted, if person A pays someone to kill person B, that is a crime, not a conspiracy.  Murder for hire is a crime and hiring someone to commit murder is a crime.  This making another crime, because we are too lazy to gather the evidence for the actual crime is something I have an issue with.


So there should be no charge, either get the evidence to prove an actual crime occurred or stop making up other crimes, that are victimless, to just try and get someone in jail.  Honestly, if they had an agent taking the money, I do not see how they could not prove it, unless it is parallel construction or someone's rights were violated in the process of trying to gather the evidence.  Too often, this is what is happening.  They violated rights, they know they cannot present all the evidence in court, so they have created "soft crimes", that are mere thought processes, so we can all stand on our heads and pretend like justice is served.
I am not saying you are wrong in your interpretation or application of the law. Merely I am saying that I have a real problem with this application of the law and the creation of these laws.  I know, ranting on a website does nothing to change it.
@_date: 2014-12-23 16:22:34
Mosaic was released 20 years and 2 months ago.  Yahoo was a list of links.  Harvest was the closest you could come to a Search Engine.  I had to download Trumpet Winsock and Mosaic from a BBS that took 12 hours and cost me $$$, because of Toll charges.  
In early 95 local internet access, not through a University, became possible.  Making Trumpet Winsock work was not for my parents or grandparents, nor most of the people my age, older than me or younger than me.  
Even Technical companies did not have much more than an FTP site in 96.  I downloaded drivers from companies, but getting information about current/former/future products was rare.  I was involved in the creation of a non-technical companies marketing website in 97.  The same year, a bank refused a business loan for starting an ISP.  3 years later an ISP in the same place sold out for $3 million, right before the dotcom bust.
I am sure that in some coastal region, or metropolitan city, the timeline was moved forward 6 months, to maybe even a year, but no AltaVista did not exist until the end of 95 and did not have great popularity until late 96, when even then you had to type altavista.digital.com to get to it.
I am not saying you are horribly wrong, but you are pushing forward the timelines a bit.  At least in the reality that I exist in.
@_date: 2014-01-29 21:17:08
And on this we agree.  I mean you can keep making debt.  It isn't real and the people "creating" the money that is this debt, are collecting their profit in the interest they charge everyone for it.  True, their money also becomes worth less, but as the debt grows, so does their take.  It is rent seeking at its top level and it is the basis of every central bank scheme.  We could go on this way, but why would we want to? If you are an American, this is why your forefathers went to war with the British Empire. It is why we now go to war so often, as we need to keep our dollar in circulation so that its value is propped up. The entire system is held up by the sweat of the blue collar worker, the people actually creating the wealth that the rest of the systems seeks to profit by exchanging.  It is a horrible, infantile, backwards system.  One that cannot go on indefinitely without violent oppression and coercion.  In the end, the system we have, in the nicest way I can put it, an enlightened form of slavery, where the slave doesn't feel the shackles as long as they stay in line.  The incentive to stay in line is social acceptance.  But you only have to witness the things that go on in societies where people start stepping out of line. 
And I can go rambling in to tin foil hat area here real fast. I do not want this system to exist and I do not want to replace this system with one almost exactly like it, but better in some ways.  I want to replace this system with one without middle men and rent seekers at every level.  That is why I am here, which isn't the same reason as every other person, I assume.  Some of them, seem, or in my interpretation of their words and actions, to just want to get around the current system, avoid the obligations of it, remove from it, but fully support the goals and aims of it.  I cannot point a finger at each and every one of 'they' or 'them'.  I just know that we are not all the same nor here for the same reasons.
@_date: 2014-10-23 18:00:53
I just tried Circle for the second time, and was denied because they had detected me using a VPN or anonymization service.  We will see if they are as good as Coinbase about responding and resolving it.  I am not an apologist for either service, but claiming one is superior because their efforts to deter/prevent fraud/theft slowed down your buying by a heartbeat seems overly dramatic.
Update: Circle still swears I am using something to hide my identity.  Now they want a front/back scan of a government issued ID.  I guess I should rant on about how they are in trouble. 
@_date: 2014-11-17 15:25:40
Thank you.  You are too kind.
@_date: 2014-10-16 13:45:43
You are right that "because we always have" is the worst reason to continue doing something.  Even slavery, which is still practiced in parts of the world today, has been around for tens of thousands of years.  But it is getting a little better, generally, with time.  The comment you replied to was not saying that we have to stay this path.  Maybe they did not expand on their thinking, but it does not make their response worse than yours.
We have to move to a cooperative paradigm and away from a competitive paradigm.  The fact that most people have no clue how their environment has shaped their view of the world and what can/will and cannot/will not work, is one hindrance in changing everything with the flip of a switch.  Largely, because the average person cannot imagine things being any different than they are.  If we eliminate Governments, is the greed of man going to go away too? Governments are just large conglomerations of people, trying to get a little for themselves.  How do we change society so that it does not always form into clans, gangs, families, or states? Or at least do so cooperatively, so investment can be in improvement versus offense and defense.
Even if, a big if, Bitcoin were to allow everything to be changed, there are a lot of people, with ideas just as good as yours, at least in each individual's mind, that are not going to sign up for your vision of the future.  How do you expect to get them to?
Unless you choose to do so with violence, which only makes you as bad as the thing you are trying to replace, you will have to create a competitive society, based on your principals and win people over.  That will take hundreds, if not thousands, of years.  It also has a good chance of being like most every other dreamer, failing or being subverted for other people's causes.  Maybe in two thousand years, people will kill each other in your name, while thumping your book that said to do the opposite.
The idea that there is good or evil and right or wrong is infantile.  There merely is.  Your way is not going to work for every living creature.  The best our species can hope for, is that the majority continue, or start, working to making life better for each member of it.  Maybe Bitcoin can help improve the lives of everyone.  I don't know, but I am here because I want to find out.
@_date: 2014-10-23 17:32:19
I have to imagine that President in some language means asshole.  Or in another 100 years, given the consistent associative trend, it will.
@_date: 2014-05-02 18:51:38
Well there are many reasons that is the 'Ex' and no, I could not just call some kennel and pay their debt.
1) I would have to trust that this story is all true.  I don't.
2) I could reverse search the phone number and if it proved to be a kennel, I could get a pre-paid card to use, pay the person that answered the number and then send the Ex a check for whatever amount remained between what I owed the Ex and what I paid the kennel.  I would still have to rely on screenshots of text messages as proof I had transferred value.  I guess you can pretend that is easy and safe.
3) My goal was to not give the Ex any more money than I was legally obligated to.  I used to play that game.  Give money for clothes for our child, money to cover gas to attend events for our child, etc.  The Ex attend 20 some concerts in this time period and still did not make an effort for our kid, so I stopped. I wanted to get the Ex what I was sending the next day, via mail, sooner, as the story was that the size of the debt was increasing $50/day, while maintaining a boundary on what I would offer.
Bitcoin clearly has features to solve some problems.   Transmitting value across distances with low overhead is a solution, provided by Bitcoin, to many problems.  Bitcoin also does not rely on trust.  Sure there are Bitcoin services and transactions that do, but as a protocol, it does not.  It is not a solution to every problem and no it will not solve most of the Ex's issue.
I checked your comment history.  I feel bad for you, too.
@_date: 2014-12-21 01:10:03
The point I took away, was not that PayPal is evil, though the author sort of made that case, but that it was PayPal set out to make Bitcoin and could not swing it.  Bitcoin might be in the same phase as PayPal started.  
PayPal went on to become what 90% of people, that do not care about privacy, or the extra they have to pay, want, because it is easy.  Even when your bank accounts, attached to their service, get wiped out and neither PayPal or your bank care.  
The average person won't ever use Bitcoin as you see it now, but anyone who thinks Bitcoin is the end product, probably does not know enough to be throwing their 2 cents into the discussion.  Just as PayPal went through several changes, the services that will exist on top of Bitcoin barely exist today.
I get it not making sense, but I think that is because you are trying to think of it as something it isn't.  Or comparing what you think it is with services that have yet to be made to run on top of Bitcoin.  I am not in your head, so I do not know exactly how you see it, but I am doing my best to understand how someone can utter "Shit just doesn't make sense to me." and that is the best I can come up with.  Two types of people in the world; Those that look at something and say, "This is broken." and those that look at something and say, "I do not understand enough to get this."  I would rather approach the world from the latter perspective than the first.
@_date: 2014-10-27 14:16:51
I think it all depends on how you want to compare these things.  For me, inefficiency = people.  When most processes are made more efficient, they require fewer people/jobs to perform.  Bitcoin can do what the traditional networks do, without people in many cases.  As we move to the Internet of Things, with machines and software programs, negotiating and paying each other for services, can we do that with traditional payment networks?  Possibly, but the overhead is far greater than with Bitcoin. For one, how can I reconcile systems that use competing payment methods? Why would I standardize all of my systems to use, say PayPal or Visa? What happens when the service we need to talk to, talks only Amazon? I am sure we can make a new API, to be maintained, but why not Bitcoin? No one owns the network.  No corporate overload that has to feed its shareholders.  talks of the people cost of the networks themselves, but for every company involved, there is another take, a tax for their investment.  Ultimately, you get to the fractional reserve banking.
I think a lot of people think of People to People and Business to Business payments, but we are moving to things paying things.  Trusting things and reconciling those payments is a massive burden on moving in that direction.  So maybe Bitcoin is more expensive to do things the way that we are now. I just do not know that that claim holds up, when you take it all into account.  Some of what I think Bitcoin enables, is still more imagined than real.
We just got on this ride and we have a long way to go.
@_date: 2014-02-13 21:52:50
"Statism is effectively the opposite of anarchism."
- 
It is very clear what Statism is.  The belief that you need a Government to handle some, be that few or many, aspects of society.  The belief that you do not need a Government is Anarchy.  I think I have made it clear my feelings on Anarchy.  If you believe we need roads, fire stations, or military, you would be a statist, too.  Yet, people who desire these things and even believe the Government should deny others equal rights or limit the travels of others, not themselves, call others Statist in a derogatory sense.  These people have no clue what they are talking about.  
You are a Statist or you are an Anarchist.  We can agree that these are just are opinions, man, or we can stick to our slightly different definitions of it.  I do understand that some, possibly including yourself, prefer to refer to Statism in merely an economic sense, I just fail to understand how one expects a Government to provide universal services without taxation of some sort, thereby involving itself in the economic sense.  I'm sure we would all prefer living in an anarcho-syndicalist commune.  I for one do not support The Fed or the Corporate Ownership of our Government, but I do support the Government being around for some things.  If that makes me a Statist in your eyes, I am all the more happier to be one.
@_date: 2014-09-23 15:25:35
I have two I could sell you.... But that would be like taking candy from a baby, yet somehow meaner.
@_date: 2014-08-08 22:21:25
This reminds me that I need to order again. I am going to start putting the bars of soap just around, because they make the place smell so good.  I mean washing with the soap was awesome, but the smell was heavenly.  I wonder what a good smell for my office would be.  Like if there is a scent that would keep me alert, awake and productive. Might be a lot to ask for, beyond something that just smells good.
@_date: 2014-11-17 14:34:12
I will vouch that this was some great hot sauce. And it is time to reorder...
@_date: 2015-05-19 21:19:48
The Internet is a thing which many other things exist on top of.  Without the WWW, the Internet was doomed to exist in University Labs.  The Internet, needed its killer App, because otherwise, it was too complex and unfriendly for Parents and Grandparents to comprehend.  Now with Facebook, YouTube, Spotify and such, so many people can hardly imagine life without it.
Bitcoin is a thing which many other things exist on top of.  Without its killer App, Bitcoin is doomed to exist in Dark Markets and the hands of Libertarians.  It needs to become that which Parents and Grandparents can use without having to comprehend it.  In the future with the Internet of Things, Rule Managed Corporations and Automation of everything, people will hardly be able to function without Bitcoin or something very like it.
I like Frankeh, though we do not always agree.  There is a very good reason people latch on to the Internet/Bitcoin comparison. In my opinion, the arguments that make it a good comparison are better than his arguments for why it is a bad comparison.
@_date: 2014-11-04 14:53:51
It is splitting hairs, but I assume you are not a native English speaker.  I half agreed with your point.  Your comment, which I was referencing in a way difficult for you to understand, was implying, at least in my perception, that it was a difficult and costly process.  It is not difficult or costly. It is inconvenient. I would assume that if we are talking large sums of money, it would be more costly (say $35 small claims court filing) and more inconvenience.  It occurs quite regularly, but it is a legal action, it does involve a court and it does not require fraud.
I'd imagine that if I bought US$2,000 of Bitcoin from you, paying by check, I could file the $35 fee and get my money back without much effort.
@_date: 2014-11-04 16:12:50
"Small claims court is a special court where disputes are resolved quickly and inexpensively. In small claims court, the rules are simplified and the hearing is informal. Attorneys are generally not allowed."
(California as an example)
I do not believe the courts are up to speed on all of this.  Theoretically, If I was set to scam you from the get go, I would minimize the trails of evidence and I would totally frame all the evidence to put you in a negative light from the start.  Your only evidence, a transaction going to a Public Address, that I will ensure you cannot tie back to me in any way.  I am not saying this is a likely scenario or that you would be one to fall for it. I am not arguing strongly against you, but I do find that the veracity of your statement is misinformed.  It is possible, it can be done, and it does not take a lot of effort or cost.  It is a good idea? Well no, screwing people over seems generally like a bad idea, to me.
Yes, cash = check up to a point. Cash is anonymous and a check is not. So it is not an apple to apple thing.
@_date: 2014-01-17 14:43:06
It is my opinion, that asking for source repeatedly without making the slightest attempt to educate one's self is rather sad. Here is some reading. You can just skim the Descriptions and likely increase your awareness 100 fold.
@_date: 2015-05-18 17:51:05
Where on this Timeline of development would you put Bitcoin?
I would say about equivalent to the 1972 period of the ARPA/Internet.  Now I do not think it will take 20 more years for Bitcoin to reach some level of awareness, but I would say it would be fair to put it on your calendar for 10 years from now to stop comparisons.
@_date: 2014-10-17 16:48:10
I do not agree completely, but I agree with you enough that I am giving you my upvote.  There is nothing worth quibbling about in your response.    Largely, I agree that people should be able to take what is theirs and leave to form their own system.
@_date: 2015-01-15 14:17:48
So you know about the stupid people?
@_date: 2015-01-29 20:45:26
Let's see if it pays off.
@_date: 2014-05-02 19:41:10
Eh, relationships do not generally end positively.  Even the ones you would like to. Dissolution and dividing of assets is hard and tends to erode any remaining trust.  I would be a liar if I claimed I was not happier now, but bust your ass trying to keep it all together and then have someone walk out on you.... I am not looking to be patted on the back.  I am just a soul trying to maintain a civil position and do the best I can for my kid given the situation at hand.  I do not always make the best choices.
Anyway, Bitcoin, yes it has uses and solves problems.  Not every single problem and, likely, not every problem that people claim it does solve.  If Bitcoin was everywhere and I had eased this situation with it, there would still be other problems, even with this situation.  Hopefully, if Bitcoin was everywhere, I could show a Transaction ID and a Verified Messaged signed by the first Payment Address and a judge would acknowledge I had fulfilled my legal obligation.  As is, even if I could send it via Bitcoin, the legal world is not up to speed with that scenario.
Maybe I judge you too harshly. Some of your posts seem good, some seem like trolling. I do not know if you just have a beef with Bitcoin or someone who associated themselves with Bitcoin in some way.  Maybe I am way off on all accounts.  Have a good rest of your day.
@_date: 2016-01-07 16:18:49
If only this was enough of a signal for me to sell, so I could buy back lower.  Do you have some history of always buying in at the high point?
(I am joking, here is to Bitcoin continuing to rise)
@_date: 2015-05-18 18:40:42
What adoption comparison would you choose to use? Telephones, cars, computers, cell phones, calculators? Everything that we take for granted today had some starting point and growth.
Bitcoin's barrier to entry is services.  I cannot go to the corner ATM and get Bitcoin.  Sure Circle, Coinbase, etc make it easier, but the same reason the small minded spew that Bitcoin is a failure is the same thing that Bitcoin needs to become mainstream.  Because it is not yet there, does not make it a failure.
The Internet is a good comparison because it had a long up ramp.  in 1995 Clifford Stoll said the Internet was just a fad.  That may have been one man, but do not imagine he was alone in this or harsher beliefs.
If Bitcoin was competing on one thing, it might be done or it might be ubiquitous.  Bitcoin is so many things, most people cannot even conceive it.  For most people to use it, they need to not worry about those things.
And finally, what is your definition of floundering? 
@_date: 2016-01-15 16:09:23
I do not believe in ignoring things until they are smoldering on the ground... But are you new here? On the 26th of December the price dropped to $400.  We are above the price from the beginning of December.  Anyone who thinks this is a major cause for concern, probably bought in at the highest point and does not understand market corrections.  The price of Bitcoin will either be huge or nearly worthless, but to get huge, it will be many repeated bubbles and corrections.  So what is wrong?
*Edit: I was too happy with ?'s
@_date: 2017-08-10 21:04:22
The "Centralization is bad, let's Centralize!" Plan?  Oh and a fixed, non-free market, to boot?
@_date: 2015-04-15 20:13:04
Had to zoom that in before I realized it was not '"Grasp a Red Rocket" shaken 11 Billion times.'  My arm was getting tired just trying to imagine what could have been meant.  I am still as clueless as to what "Grasp a Red Pocket" as Google only gives results about a Go Red Pocket mobile plan.
@_date: 2015-04-16 17:50:27
Thank you!  That makes a lot more sense.  I get and give the "red envelope" so that puts it all in to context for me. 
@_date: 2017-05-08 17:41:33
Reference to the playground.  Do not complain about how the game is played or the rules that have existed before you came.  If you do not like it leave, and take what you brought with you.
@_date: 2017-05-08 15:49:26
Why are developers more legit at deciding where Bitcoin goes, than miners?
Whose greed is driving this train?  Who has the most to lose?
That is why miners decide, not developers and not users.  You want a say, pick up your ball go to a different coin.
@_date: 2015-03-17 14:55:35
I buy a lot from buy.com and now Rakuten.  Rakuten is a bit much to deal with, but I still shop there.  I was just thinking how much nicer it is that some mega-ecommerce sites do not email me everyday, or multiple times a day. Or that their affiliated shops do not also email me constantly, because I bought a thing from them, that one time.  So there is a lot to not like about Rakuten and Overstock, but I have Bitcoin, I use it and I buy from these stores, whether they used Bitcoin or not, despite the amount of ads they email.  What I am saying, is that few places outside of Amazon seem to pull off this eCommerce thing as well as Amazon, but the fact that some of them now accept Bitcoin, just makes my life easier.  Before this, Google Wallet was likely the best payment method on Rakuten.  Sorry for this nearly incoherent jabber, but I tried to keep my numerous, tangentially related thoughts, short.
@_date: 2015-02-11 19:46:59
If I was clever enough to arbitrage without converting to fiat, I would probably give it a try.  I think what we have learned from past experiences, is that exchanges that are more difficult to get fiat out from, tend to have higher BTC prices.  There may be other factors, like volume, too.  I just remember GOX prices being a good $100 higher than other exchanges, as the only way to get fiat out, was buy Bitcoin and move it to another exchange or other venue for converting into fiat.
Again, I am sure someone more clever than I, has done it.  It is possible you could move the value around using an Altcoin that either improved your profit or at least did not dilute it below the point of positive return.  Largely I believe, if it was possible, clever people would already be doing it and maybe even selling you the bot to do it, once they had milked the greatest returns.
@_date: 2015-02-09 14:14:00
I am pre-mining some Methacoin, right now.  I just do not have a good wallet set up and it is not digital...
@_date: 2013-12-13 16:59:21
I for one say, let them come charge me with whatever crimes they want.  If I must leave this country to be free, then I will do so.  I get Regulation and I do understand that there may need to be some regulation for those that exchange Bitcoins for Fiat, but the mere act of buying and selling does not demand the oversight implied here.  If only Fincen spent a little time cracking down on the Stock, Bond and Derivative Markets, but then why would the US Government ever bite the hand that feeds? That should be some clue as to why this is happening.  If Bitcoin can bypass the banks, then the Banks will sick their dog (USGov) on Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-07-16 14:40:17
Is anyone doing a pre-Paid card that you load with Bitcoins? I know there was a Visa/MC type service that had high fees, but would convert to local currency, at the rate of exchange, at time of purchase.  I wonder about a card that has enough smarts to be able to display the current exchange rate (Wifi access required) and work in any device that currently takes debit/CC.  It is a halfway point, and maybe the wrong direction.  I am just thinking outloud.
@_date: 2013-11-25 20:28:26
I imagine they have something like this:
But they are running it only a few feet (1m) and they are cutting the pairs to the absolute length needed.  There would be so little cable with the covering it would be pointless. The covering would add bulk, as well, increasing bend radius.
Just me thoughts.
@_date: 2013-08-09 22:14:26
I just want to say that the checkout process is amazing.  I think a lot of major retail sites could learn something from you. Of course paying with bitcoin might have something to do with it, but even the follow up was very impressive.  I am looking forward to trying the products.
@_date: 2013-12-18 14:37:53
I did, as well.  Though my next buy point is much lower and I am optimistic we will see these values again, though maybe not for another year.  I won't predict what the future holds, but I am holding for the future.  If the future is $0.000001/BTC, well I will still be doing just fine. I hope everyone else can say the same.
@_date: 2013-07-17 16:24:46
That is actually close and likely relevant.  No worries though either way, as it was informative.
@_date: 2013-12-16 19:04:07
I am hoping to buy at a good price today, maybe tomorrow.  Maybe my ridiculous bank actually helped me, by messing up my buy ~$700.
@_date: 2013-12-16 15:52:11
I setup the Watchdog on the ARM.  If you cannot find it by googling "minepeon arm watchdog", let me know.  It handles most of the issues I had with it locking up. 
I also tried taping the 5VDC pin on the USB cable, from the powered USB Hub, which if someone was actually able to make it work (maybe scotch tape would do it), please let me know what you did.  
I also tried cutting the 5VDC wire, in the cable from the Powered USB Hub. Despite everything saying that it is the Red wire, it did not work after I did so.
If my lock up issues return, crossing my fingers, I will try putting a non-powered hub between the Pi and the powered Hub.  I have also purchased a used APC 9211, but have not had time to get an IP address assigned to it.  The idea there, is that I can power cycle the PI/Miners, remotely (through SSH tunnel with port forwarded, on my phone, if need be), when it stops.  This should be a higher priority for me than I have given it.
@_date: 2013-06-25 14:17:51
This is sort of shameless self promotion and of course my first post, but I had so much issue getting money into Mt. Gox and luckily found CampBX.  I am sure it is not the only alternative, but if you would like to give it a shot, here is my affiliate link:
I believe you get a discount on transaction fees with that.  The odd thing is that CampBX always trades at a lower $ value.  Not sure if it is due to lower volume or what.
I apologize if this is bad form, but I felt it relevant.
*Edit:Clean up grammar. I am sure it is still awful.
*Edit2: I get it, this is very likely unwelcome.  It is hard to judge how much is being helpful and what point that helpful attempt is just spam. I could go on about my API access, the positives and negatives I perceive with CampBX and how I feel they compare to Mt. Gox, but I thought that might be too much like a sales pitch.  It so happens, I was introduced to CampBX in just this manner during my trials with Mt. Gox.  I hope that me passing on this information could be helpful for one soul.  I accept the downvotes and wish you all much success in your travels.
@_date: 2013-12-09 15:44:27
My experiences buying Bitcoin were a little rough, too, and why I am a small time miner.
I started around the time that Mt. Gox had their account seized.  I was on Gox, signed up with Dwolla and was about to purchase Bitcoin that way, when it all fell apart.
I tried to buy a Bitcoin from "The Bitcoin Ranger", who I believe to be a scammer and now the main force behind some GLDCoin, but he claimed Dwolla shut down his account before he got the money. Dwolla claimed he got the money and closed his own account.
About here, I bought into mining that will never ROI (in Bitcoins, not that I could reliably have bought any at the time), but it at least seemed like a good way to get Bitcoin, then. That was a gamble that could have, in another universe, paid off really well.  I have recovered my fiat investment.
I signed up for Weexchange and I am sure several other websites.  I finally managed to get money in to CampBX using Dwolla and purchase my initial Bitcoin Investment.
Now days there is Coinbase and it seems really easy after everything else I went through, but I did have to buy a little coin and let it sit for 30 days, before I could do more.
Honestly, setting up a new bank account is easier than getting started purchasing Bitcoin, but I do understand the reasoning.  Live and learn, hopefully paving the way for the future.  It is better, but it can get a lot better.
That is my 2 Satoshis.
@_date: 2013-12-09 15:21:19
I am confused how that is worrisome to a decent developer.  The OS, of recent, handles screen differences.  So really, it is about the OS.  Yes, the Handset lock in does seem to stagnate the update of Android.  That would be the real concern to a developer.  Still, if you are writing a Bitcoin app, you are probably looking for &gt;4 (or API 15) and you will hit the largest part that should concern you:
