@_author: jdamb
@_date: 2016-08-15 16:38:41
That depends on the governments ability to bull shit the people.   Our money system is a church and as long as people believe they will participate, that participation is the economy. 
Our economy is a religion.    
If an event happened that completely contradicted our current beleif system then everyone would be looking for a new system at the same time and bitcoin could do well.  
If an event happens but the "church" is able to explain it away or effectively cover it up like they did last time then once again they will get away with huge theft and we will stand holding the bag as usual, fully committed to our faith in the system.
@_date: 2016-08-28 16:59:19
Bitcoin stayed the same.  The value of the US dollar dropped by 200 units of measure. 
Get used to that.  It's going to happen more and more.  
People don't understand that it's not that Bitcoin is going up,,  it's that the dollar is going down.
@_date: 2016-04-12 05:07:24
Totally agree.  It's all about China.  Stocks are going to get crushed. 
@_date: 2016-04-09 00:02:55
Congrats.   Hold it.  Forever.   
@_date: 2016-08-02 01:31:46
Check the price action of other real money,, gold, silver and oil.      It all makes sense to me.
@_date: 2016-04-14 04:00:14
Good point.  Good attitude. 
@_date: 2016-04-17 16:37:00
Wouldn't it be fair to say that money and trade networks were the invention of the productive? .  
Maybe your barking up the wrong tree.  
The purpose of money and trade is to reward production and efficiency. 
Your trying to be fair and that has never been the function of money. 
Money is not and can not be fair. 
Fairness is handled on the market layer of money.  Markets can be made fair.  You can tax and tariff and manipulate markets to be "fair".  But the free market is the only true fair market because any persons participation in a free market is voluntary. 
Bitcoin is a money layer.  Let it be money. 
The next layer is markets and contracts, that is where you can create a community of people who wish to burn their extra production after some amount of time. 
You are free to burn all your excesses anytime you like,  and I am free to save mine. 
Now this is the part where you have to admit that you want to eat someone else's lunch.  Are you wanting me to burn my excess as well???   Are you going to try and impose your idea into me?? 
Why is it that "fair" always costs me something?? 
Because "fair" is really another word for weak.  
Only the weak want fair.  
How does nature reward fairness and weakness in the wild?? 
We are already living in an idiocracy,  and the weak majority want to reap the benifits of the strong.  
That sounds like the life cycle of a parasite not a man. 
I produce.  I reap an excess because I sew more seed than my neighbor.  That makes me stronger and able to survive and breed better.   That is nature.  
You go ahead and burn the wealth you could hand to your kids and I'll hand my kids everything I have and everything I know and I am literally betting it all on the fact that the kids who inherit knowledge and wealth will always survive better than yours.  
Rather than ask "how can we be fair to the weak" why don't you ask "how can I be strong". 
The answer is simple,  production and effecency.  
Those who produce and who are  efficient will always end up on top.  
We invented money to reward ourselves and fairness was not the need that mothered the invention.   The need was to find a way to hold wealth and promote trade, production and effecency.  
That is what money does.   
So you can't make money be fair like you can't make a gun fair.  
It's the people who make those decisions.  
Fairness has to happen on the market or "agreed upon rules" layer. 
You can't make a money inherently fair,   You can however make a money inherently unfair,,, like the dollar.   
The smart, productive members of this planet are working and saving and realize the dollar is weak.  We save silver and gold and land and we farm and produce goods and services and own businesses.    
And we will hand it down.    And it won't be fair to those who had lazy or stupid grandparents.  
There is no barrier of entry to this highly productive lifestyle.  
I work 80 hours a week and save and invest more each year than most people make.   I own and operate 3 diverse businesses focused on making profits in all economic conditions including the dollar melt down.  
I plant trees.   This year so far about 150 of them.  In 5 years each of them will be producing 1,000 pounds of fruit.  
Is it fair that I give that away to someone who only works 40 hours a week and doesn't plant any trees????? 
Stop trying to make money fair.    It's a catch 22.  
A gun is a gun.  The man who holds it decides if the gun kills in a fair way.  
Money is the same.  
The beauty is that in this limitless cyberspace you are likley to find others who share your views on fairness.   You can create a money with time decay and be sure your kids inherit nothing.   That is your right.  
I will bet however that you and your group of non savers ends up by total coincidence to also be a bunch of non producers.  So good luck finding a fair way to split up a big pile of nothing.  
Meantime me and my crew are going to be living fat and happy with the best most productive assets in the land and working less and less for more and more.  
Anyone who works 80 hours a week will agree with me.   The less you work the more likley you are to believe that "fair" is somehow your right.  
It's not.  Money isn't fair and can't be made fair and still be money. 
@_date: 2016-04-24 12:12:23
Your coins could still be lost over enough time in a Trezor.  Corruption can happen.  
Take a bar of silver and punch your keys into the metal and burry it in your front yard. 
Zero fire or water risk and unless your an idiot no one is going to find it.   Burry it under a tree or bush or something that would die if dug up so you know as long as that plant is alive your wallet is safe.  
On your death bed you just tell the kids to dig up that bush for their inheritance.   
@_date: 2016-04-08 02:45:08
Just save it if you get any. 
@_date: 2016-04-19 23:02:09
@_date: 2016-04-03 16:26:40
Bitcoin is honest money.  The current system is exactly backwards.  The kings have long since figured out how to steal from the economy without anyone even knowing it. 
If I produce thing 1 and you produce thing 2, and we trade there is tax and constant debasement of our currency and no one gains. 
Honest money rewards every trade with added value for all parties including the network itself and the gains are huge and they compound. 
Example.  I produce grain and you produce chickens. 
I decide I have grain to sell.  The market value of my grain is 5.00.   You have a chicken to sell and the market value of the chicken is also 5 dollars.  We trade. 
Who gained???  Some would say no one gained. 
In money of old the taxes and inflation steal any gains and the market stays stable.  A chicken stays being worth 5 dollars. (For a king price stability is a good thing,, a king needs to steal all the gains to keep prices steady.  Kings use taxes and debase currency to take this gain) (the gains are huge,  the entire government and all the roads and public works are all a part of this theft,  the theft is on a huge scale) (they are not just stealing the original gain but also taking away the compounding effect of gains on top of gains) 
With honest money something different happens. 
I have too much grain so the marginal value of my grain to me is actually only 4 dollars.  You have too much chicken so the marginal value for you of that chicken is only 4 dollars. 
I trade 4 dollars of grain for 5 dollars of chicken and realize a gain.  You trade 4 dollars of chicken for 5 dollars of grain and you also realize a gain.  The value of the ability for honest trade also gains by making this honest translation possible and the value of the currency goes up a little. 
This makes the price of chicken and grain go down and the value of the currency go up. 
Both parties are satisfied and even if they have never actually met to make the trade everyone wins. Even the currency itself gains.  This is deflationary money and it's the natural result of trade. 
Kings of old could not let the peasants gain so much because it would make the peasants rich very fast because the effects compound.   Things get cheaper and quality of life goes up. 
So they flipped the system over and made it work backwards.  
Bitcoin is honest money and removes the layer of theft that currently exists with fiat. 
We will all gain every time a trade takes place.  The value of the network grows and each trader trades up.  
We all win.  We stop the theft.  
No one should need a reason beyond that.  Every civillization that was the center of trade flourished.  
Trade equals mutual benifit as long as the money is honest.  
We currently have a dishonest system.  An honest system would reward all the producers and all the consumers.  And actually the producers and investors and savers would have an advantage.  
It would also reward efficiency.   Savings would go up in value and the longer you wait to buy a new TV the cheaper it becomes. 
Any free market will cycle and that's ok.   Traders would suck up the fluctuations in arbitrage and futures etc.  
Money is not supposed to be stable.   We need to learn the art of the deal and negotiation. 
Money is deflationary naturally.  It took a great deal of effort to flip the system over to work backwards.  The good news is that it's very easy to return the system to its natural state. 
You can damn up the Mississippi River, temporarily.   Sooner or later the laws of nature will return the system to its natural state. 
Bitcoin is honest money, private and free from violence as a collection and taxation tool. 
Bitcoin is how money is supposed to be.   
Sounds fair.  
@_date: 2016-04-05 23:52:08
Sorry, English is not my first language. 
@_date: 2016-04-24 17:29:13
Go to the hardware store and buy some leather or metal punches and hammer your wallet into a 10 oz bar of silver. 
@_date: 2016-04-05 16:19:08
Why would you think it important??  Who the heck cares?? 
When a culture is ready for adoption of something like Bitcoin it will adopt it.  Only when it is ready. 
I still can't anyone to pay me in Bitcoin and I'm in the epicenter of global tech.  
We are not early adopters.  We are the lunatic fringe. 
Early adopters wil come along over the next few years.  
@_date: 2016-04-29 00:52:25
Easy but not anonymous.   
You asked how and I told you how.  
@_date: 2016-04-17 03:42:33
I've argued this for many months with my dad.  
Yes a time decay provides a leveling of the field. 
But if your more productive and more able why would you want a level playing field??? 
I'm more productive than most, and I like the idea of saving up bitcoin that will grow in value and provide me with buying power when I am old and less productive. 
Production is real value.  
Why should I not be able work twice as hard now do I don't have to work at all in retirement ??? 
I want to be able to store value.  
If I was less productive I would prefer a constant leveling of the playing field.  
The basic idea is socializim vs prodictivisim 
Production should be rewarded. 
Saving should be rewarded.  
Effecency should be rewarded. 
A constant leveling of the playing field only benifits the weak and under productive. 
To evolve, and to promote the survival of the smartest and fitest means that we need attrition.  
We need the weak to die.  
Sounds harsh,,,, but if you raise chickens you need the weak to die to promote a strong healthy flock. 
Humans are no different, if we want a strong herd we need to let attrition happen and sort out those who are most able to carry on our species.  
A store of value is important to the strong.  
It's the enemy of the weak.  
Pick a lane.   Do you want to dilute the position of the strong to benifit the weak??? 
Time decay on a money doesn't benifit the strong.  
It only benifits the weak.  
We can pretend all day that we are just, and have the moral high ground to include the weak,,   But the truth is that the weak and those who can't figure out how to earn their place in the economic jungle are food for the predators. 
A fool and his money are soon parted. 
That is fair.  It is just. 
Let the weak play their part.  
There is the story of two men in the forest who come into the path of a grizzly bear.  One man starts to run in fear, and the other bends over to lace up his boots.
The man who is running yells back.......your never going to out run that bear.   The man lacing up his boots yells back, 
I don't have to outrun the bear,   I only have to outrun you!!!! 
The weak have their place.   Although "fairness" seems just, it isn't realistic.  
Let the weak play their part.  
Production is the difference.  If you produce a good or service that is in demand your going to do fine no matter what the world decides to trade.   Bitcoin, dollars, or wumpim,  you will do fine. 
However if your produce nothing in life.  If your a useless paper pusher or cog in some financial system that must fail you will need to redefine yourself.  
We must all produce.    If you don't contribute to the GPD then know that the system itself is trying to illiminate you. 
Your fodder if you don't produce.  Fair is for the playground.  Real life isn't fair and never will non-producers have the quality of life as producers.  
Fair is that producers win and breed and non-producers suffer and die.  
That's life.  Reap what you sew. 
End of rant. 
@_date: 2016-04-28 20:12:40
Don't buy coins or use coins that have ever been linked to your identity.  Then you can do why you want.  
Pay cash for bitcoin's and use wallets that are not cloud based. 
Use Luxstack or mycelium and never link those coins to your identity.  
Using a service like Coinbase links your name
With your wallet.  
An in person purchase does not do that. 
@_date: 2016-04-24 18:34:49
Well first take some of your life savings and buy a decent property where someone finding it isn't going to happen. 
Then take your kids with you to plant the tree.  
@_date: 2016-04-07 01:55:58
Paper wallet.   Duplicate as back up. 
@_date: 2016-04-29 23:15:40
Coinbase knows who you are.  They also know each of your transactions and if to another Coinbase user they also know who they are.  
It's not that any third party could see the transaction and link it to an identity, but Coinbase could. 
@_date: 2016-04-13 02:33:09
Do the snozberies taste like snozberies??
@_date: 2016-04-05 20:48:40
That's not true.  If you don't get why your a noob.  For those of you who don't get it let me explain.  Bitcoin is a movement, way beyond the scope of Bitcoin the money you have Bitcoin the movement.  
When you understand Bitcoin the movement you see why this is relevant. 
If you do not see Bitcoin as a movement then take the red pill and wake up!!!!
@_date: 2015-12-23 21:56:27
Bitcoin is also honest money.  If you profit from our business and decide to save your profit Bitcoin is arguably a better store of value than fiat. 
I take Bitcoin just as a way get Bitcoin.  99.5% of my business is in fiat. I save the Bitcoin income as store of value and don't have to go the market to buy it. 
Good money drives out bad money.  Keep the Bitcoin and spend the fiat.   As an example I took in a few bitcoins for services back at the 220 dollar level.  I just doubled my money.  
I don't have to pay taxes on the gains until I sell the coins. 
There are tons of advantages to taking Bitcoin beyond the fees.   I pay over 1,600 a month in credit card fees.  If this was 100% Bitcoin I would pay less than 100 in fees. 
Bitcoin is way cheaper than credit cards essoecially for items that costs a lot.  
@_date: 2015-12-02 16:04:01
if you run a full node through a good VPN it doesn't seem like there is any chance of leaking data about yourself,,, 
It seems to me that broadcasting a transaction from a full node run through a VPN is anonymous.  I've never tried doing it but the more I think about privacy the more I realize it's not the broadcasting of a transaction that is hard to do..  
It's the spending that is hard to do. 
@_date: 2015-12-31 05:12:28
It's not Bitcoin that is going up and down,,, it's everything else.  
@_date: 2015-12-22 22:23:16
I have a pack of gum at the ready each time I check out to make sure I get the most out of each transaction.  My wife hasn't caught on yet but she couldn't understand why I ordered an ice cream Coke at mc Donald's.  My total was at .35 so I got a Coke to push it to low change.   
It makes me happy to pay bills because I know each check puts money in savings. 
I saved 200 dollars up in two weeks time and my wife defiantly misses the money,,, but rather than waste it on lattes it disappears before we can make bad choices.   
Plus it solves the problem of telling her I want to buy 1,000 in Bitcoin.   1,000 bucks seems like so much money.  But 100 bucks a week in our budget is never really missed.  That's 5,200 a year and maybe that's even more Bitcoin than I need.   (Ya right) 
It just feels good to know I'm saving.  
@_date: 2015-12-18 20:53:33
I tried tails and could not work through the process of confirming PGP key and get the damn thing to go onto a thumb drive.  This is really hard to do. I gave up. 
@_date: 2015-12-13 19:25:46
Why not make a room heater as well.   My wife spends 150 bucks a month in the winter on running small electric heaters. 
@_date: 2015-12-20 22:07:53
I see used bit miners on line on eBay and wonder what kind of return would I get.  I Th is about 500 bucks. 
With 1 th of minning what kind of Bitcoin income would I get???  
@_date: 2015-12-15 18:44:35
Thanks for your efforts.  
@_date: 2015-12-27 19:42:04
Where are the alternatives??? 
@_date: 2015-12-21 18:27:52
Think about man,,, if you want to know more about a steak you could stick your head up a cows ass,,,, but i would rather ask the butcher. 
You don't need to police my questions or my motives.    Maybe it wasn't the answer to the question I was lookin for. 
You assume a great deal.  
@_date: 2015-12-27 17:54:34
What an idiot.   Ever hear of supply and demand? 
When you have demand for capital the value of Capital goes up.  As demand increases so will the value of the bitcoins,,, this will demand higher return and more effecency in the projects that are proposed.  
Only the best projects will get funded and the return on capital would be high.  
You never run out of bitcoins,,,,, you simply increase their value.   It's not like a penny where you can really only cut it in half...... Bitcoin is digital and is infinitely divisible.  
Your not limited by the physical money itself. You can cut a penny in half or even into 8 but beyond that it's not practical. 
In your scenario Bitcoin will just become more and more valuable and rather than investing 1 Bitcoin you will invest .01 bitcoins for the same effect. 
You just framed up the exact reason why your crazy if you don't go buy a few bitcoins.  
As soon as you have honest money the added value that is created in every trade gets added to the network rather than being stolen by taxes or inflation or other means.  
Honest money means you have honest "real capital".  
Your return on "real capital" will come in the from of "real capital" as well as added value to the network....
And wait for it......... 
By network I mean "money system". 
When you trade within an honest system there is added value to the trade network. In the case of Bitcoin this "network" is Bitcoin the ledge and Bitcoin the tech..... And the value of Bitcoin the ledger and Bitcoin the tech is represented in the value of Bitcoin the coin. 
You've made the best pro Bitcoin argument I have seen in a long time.  
Thanks.  And go buy some Bitcoin because your correct. Honest capital will drive out dishonest capital and the value of honest capital will go way way up,,, eventually completely eradicating dishonest forms of capital. 
Good work!!!!
@_date: 2014-11-03 20:14:40
Why not?   I'm really looking for a solid reason, everyone says it's a crazy idea but no one will give up a reason or list of reasons.   
Don't you see signs of dollar deflation??  and if so, if the dollar is in deflation then wouldn't prices of all assets go down.  It would explain gold's price and many other things.  
@_date: 2014-09-08 16:47:10
Explain the value added to a network by holding................. The only real value you can add to a network is to exchange....when you exchange you trade up, and when you trade up you add value to the network.  
Example.  You have a chicken that you perceive as worth 4.50 cents.  
I have some chicken feed that I perceive a value of as 4.50 cents. 
That network is worth 9 dollars.  
We agree to trade them,  we set a price of 5 dollars,  I sell you my chicken for 5 dollars and you sell me your feed for 5 dollars and the exchange takes place.  we both trade up and now the network is worth 10 dollars........a 10% gain.  (or close sorry math guys) 
Our current dollars system works the same way,  but the sales tax is about 7 to 10%, so the government takes the gains and the dollar network doesn't gain value.   They over tax it even more and the dollar networks shows a net loss for each transaction.  hence inflation. 
Bitcoin is better than the dollar for this reason,  and to build the network all we have to do is exchange.    Hoarding effects supply, and supply may effect the fiat to bitcoin exchange rate.............but are you honestly so crazy that you want to earn dollars???    Who cares about dollars..............the goal is to build value in bitcoin and let the dollar die.    so while your motivated to horde and watch your bitcoins go up in value compared to a dieing currency those who actually participate in the market place are creating all the real value.    Speculators are along for the ride,  but only on the backs of us in the trenches working and earning and spending bitcoins.  
so get off my back,  if your not earning, or spending bitcoins your a leach.   Forget dollars all together and just focus on building the network value by making exchanges.  
Production beats speculation,   your trying to "hold" value.     It's like comparing a bucket full of water compared to a water wheel using the stream of water to produce something.  The bucket of water can never outperform a water wheel that is using the flow of the river (economy) to produce energy.  Storing buckets of water have no value,  it's the movement of the river (economy) that produces the gain.  Stagnant water like stagnant bitcoins have no value gain,  and do nothing for the network value,  they ony effect the fiat exchange rate.....and if your here reading this then your obviously smart enough to know the dollar is dead.   Stop trying to get rich in dollars and start trying to get rich in productivity.  Only production is wealth.  
be productive,  that is the answer to everyone's "how can I get rich" question.   
@_date: 2014-09-09 15:44:33
Thank you.  I learned something there.     My viewpoint was pretty stationary. after reading what you said about capital I have changed my mind a bit, and that is what this process is for, I have expanded my understanding a bit. 
what your talking about is real "capital" creation.  It's a topic worth a 200 page paper on, but I agree that real "capital" (not what we have in the market place today with banks creating capital) is really a way for the government to dilute our hard earned and saved capital.  
so with your words here I have learned.  I did understand what real capital is,  and I did understand that the FED has created a system of fake "Capital" creation.  I did not however put the pieces of the puzzle together in a way where the earning and saving of real bitcoin "capital" has a purpose.  
my gut feeling is that it's not fair to other holders of bitcoin, those who mined it or earned it, that I can take fake funny money dollars and buy real "capital" with it.  
but it's a free market, so if you mine it, or earn it and are willing to or have to sell it for fiat then thats fine.  
but damn.........I love bitcoin even more now, because when you buy a mined or earned bitcon it's real honest capital.   Capital in the true defenition of the word,  hard earned production saved in the form of capital.  
I am so used to an economy where there is no real capital that I just didn't even think of that aspect of the bitcoin economy because in our economy there is no real capital and no reason to save.   
so thank you,,,,,,,
please read this response to another reader that also sums up and makes a few points. 
There are two sets of bitcoins, those horded that do nothing and those being curculated in the economy. Your converting their value into dollars and you don't even know it. Convert it into assets, example:
If you have 5 chickens worth of exchange and and 1,000 bitcoins participating in the economy, or you have 100,000 bitcoins in the economy. It doesn't matter the value of the whole network is 5 chickens. You keep trying to value it in dollars or bitcoins.
Bitcoins are only worth the total of the goods and services offered in exchange for them.
it doesn't matter how many coins, or how many dollars, it only matters how many chickens.
So to spend bitcoins is to encourge the trading of goods and services for bitcoins, stimulating sellers of goods to accept bitcoins, and therefor increasing the value of the network or economy.
The money has no value, that is the medium of exchange, what creates the value is that people are willing to take your money for real goods and services.
to increase the value of the bitcoins your holding by taking them out of the economy does nothing to help or hurt. the economy is worth what it's worth regardless of your coins being a part of it.
what I am saying is that if you want to help,,,,,,spend some coins to encourage their acceptance and therefor increase the value of the network.
again...........your trying to argue that the value of each coin goes up if there is less supply...........but you can't value the money, you have to value only the goods in the market place offered in, and being traded in bitcoin.
(so you can see that the point I was making doesn't value money, it only values goods, and I guess that is a view point taken from the fact that I produce goods and services as my income,  so I am talking my own book a bit.  It's hard to see bitcoin as capital,  but if your right, if bitcoins saved are real capital, real honest capital, then there is a window of time here where you can take fake funny money fiat, and buy real honest capital.............
If what your saying is true.......and it is..........then "saving capital" and "hoarding coins" are diffrent things.  Hoarding is the idea that the value will go up because you are limiting supply, and that is lame........but the idea that the money has a real value of the goods and services already traded, and that you are saving that value for future use, that is real capital and the buying opportunity is huge.     
To understand real capital is hard enough,,   to understand that bitcoin is real capital is almost of leap of faith,,,,but if you make that leap of faith you realize that bitcoin is soooo cheap.  SO very very cheap.  I mean like 1 million per coin would seem cheap. 
Real honest capital would change the world and encourage saving and investing and real risk to reward.  (the current risk to reward is fake because the capital is fake) 
mind blown.............................saving capital is different than hoarding based on greed or speculation.   The action may be the same but the intent is diffrent, and the emotional response to market price etc of the speculator will always hurt them.   Hoarding is an emotianal thing, where saving capital is a well thought out business decision based on risk and reward.  
@_date: 2014-11-23 19:16:37
Sugar_Daddy_Peter here is 1 beer spread it around and tip a few people.  this is really a good idea and it will help get rid of the trolls.  Sooner or later we will be able to sort comments by tips and only read comments that have been tipped,  so the trolls will have to pay to piss people off.   Justice.  
@_date: 2014-12-01 03:11:03
Better than that,  imagine a system where you get to tell the government how to spend your tax dollars.  I forsee a future where I pay my taxes, but I take my "taxcoins" and I spend them into the wallets of the government programs I like.  
I can choose to spend my money on defense, foregn aid, welfare, war on drugs, war on imigration etc. 
these funds would be fully transparent and we the tax payers could only fund the idea we want.   
I could also see a donation drive where taxes are signifiacanlty lower due to the effeciency of honest money, and so people are incouraged to donate directly to government projects they like.  You want to save a whale,  put up a fence on the border etc you will be able to fund just that project as a donation direclty to the government. 
I think bitcoin can reduce the amount of taxes we "have to" pay but may not limit all of us on how much we do pay. 
I am happy to pay 15 or even 20% of my income,  If my taxes were lower than 10% I may just donate some money to projects I like. 
@_date: 2014-09-08 15:16:49
Part of my original frustration is that I own a company that takes bitcoin, I have offered to take bitcoin for 10 months and I have not had a single customer. (it's a local service so hard to find people).  I offer it on my website and I get about 75 people to my site per day,  I sell about 10 or 15 jobs per day, and for the past 10 months I have had no one willing to pay with bitcoins.  Those who bought at 100, saw 1,000, now feel poor because it's not at all time highs,  and those who bought at 1,000 are now cut in half and don't want to lock in a loss.  
(although locking in a loss could be a great way to cut your taxes this year,  and just buy back some other coins to hold, so lock in the loss this year,  take it as a loss on your taxes, then buy some different coins back to hold till later, a good tax strategy). 
so my frustration is that people are hoarding coins and we all need to spend some.  I have made a point to spend some coins this month.  I just spend some and buy them back right as I spend them.   we need to create some velocity of money. 
@_date: 2014-12-18 18:39:51
Further deflationary evidence in Gold, Silver, Ruble, Oil etc. 
Mike Maloney is right,,,,,,,,,Deflation is happening now, and will be followed by a knee jerk reaction by the FED.  This reaction can only be print more money, because the interest rates tool is all used up.  The only way to stop deflation is to print lots of money,  I mean lots,  making what has happened in the past 5 years look small.   Just ask japan.  
That reaction will come soon, as they assimilate these price drops across all asset classes.  
The FED is out of moves, there is nothing they can do but print money. They are the guy in the foxhole with only one bullet left, considering what to do, fire it at the enemy who will clearly overwhelm them regardless, or save the pain and point it at their own temple. 
The FED is just less and less relevant, and so is the dollar.   
You can't fight a loss of faith, a loss of relevance by being inept.  If the FED has any power at all, now is the time to show it.    My guess is they have no real power and will be as relevant as a tower records or block buster video store within a decade.  
so if that is all true, and it seem so,  then what will we be spending?? 
not dollars,  can't trade gold across continents,  what will we use?? 
I'm not blind to bitcoin's faults,,,,but there currently is no better alternative than bitcoin for transfer of funds in a free, global market place.  
if a better solution presents itself I will take it, but until then I'm afraid bitcoin is the only clear choice for spending money. 
Check list for 2015. 
1. create a good or service that demands a solid profit due to market demand.  (food, tools, clothes,shelter, services) 
2. Be ready to price adjust and be ready to sell this product for bitcoin, gold, wampum or stone rings. 
3. Create a self reliant situation where you and your community are working together to create stable self reliant sources of the things you need. 
4. enjoy your family and friends, and reap the benefits of a simple, stable life. 
5. remember what wealth is,,,,,,it has nothing to do with dollars or bitcoin, or stone rings.   True wealth is the ability of your community to be self reliant, and sustain it's needs independent of outside inputs.
Permaculture is the cure.......abundance is everywhere.....we just need to count it in a different way.    Fish in the sea currently have no monetary value...........but they should.   You can't trade fresh air, clean water, or the sun's rays, as if those things have no value.  
The truth is that those things that apparently, in today's culture, have no value are actually the foundation of all value.  
Until we realize that primary wealth comes from primary assets like water, soil, and sun then we have no ability to value anything.  
how can a flat screen TV trade for more than your next breath?? 
The system is fundamentally flawed.    
sorry for the rant,,,,,,,,but thats my 2 cents.  
@_date: 2014-12-29 22:56:35
not sure really,  the more times a dollar gets spent per day, the higher the velocity and the higher it's value.  Right???    
@_date: 2014-09-10 19:52:02
Ahhh....Bitcoin.........when you absolutely, positively got to kill every central bank in the room............accept no substitute.  
@_date: 2014-12-30 16:49:35
Thanks troll for being a troll,  I appreciate the fact that your a troll and that you spend time being exposed to my thoughts.  I take your time again now, making you, forcing you to read this reply and try your best to piss me off..........but it can't be done.   I am controlling your time, all I have to do to waste your time is post here, and suck your time like a vampire.    Your reading this now........and you will reply because that's your job........so do your job bitch,,,,,reply and let me take some more of your time..........I got all day!!   suck it troll.  
@_date: 2014-11-23 19:13:23
ok,  let me try again,,,,,,,,,,,, bit_moon here is 1 beer pass it along 
@_date: 2014-09-12 15:18:18
I think you are looking at it from that one single banks perspective.  The system is made up of several fingers on the same hand.   
There simply must be something that we are not clearly stating or understanding.  
The banks foundation of created money is limited is some way.........this limit is based on the ratio of 10 to 1 fractional reserve lending. 
The money supply is limited,  to some degree, even though the money layers on top of itself.  
Debit is what builds the layers.  One real deposit turns into further deposits as this new money moves through the system.  
So the foundation of any banks ability to lend money is deposits on hand, real cash from it's customers, on hand.   That is the foundation, but from there layers are created, and each of these layers is debit,  the more the debit, the more the created money............
so if you look at one individual bank you may say the repayment of debit does nothing to money supply,,,,,,,,but take one large balance sheet for all the banks particiapting in this system.........from that balance sheets point of view paying back the debit would reduce the layers, and therefor reduce the money supply.... 
What your saying would mean there is no limit......a 100 dollar savings account would and could turn into the whole money supply.  SO I doubt that is correct,,,,,,there must be some foundation, some limit.  
so what is the limit on banks ability to create money?? 
and wouldn't the repayment of the layers and layers of debit lead to less money..............
it's a house of cards,  if you take away some of the middle layers the top is effected right?
@_date: 2014-09-10 19:54:11
Bitcoin.....Money 2.0 
@_date: 2014-09-11 16:17:43
And now we know your worth,,,,to much time on your hands so you read this,,,and try and poke fun.   Why don't you roll up your sleeves and get to work considering my point not my grammar.    Do you see the point?    All this talk about inflation may be the wrong point when it comes to printing money.   Do you agree or not?   Pitch in some "knowledge" and educate me please.   Your claiming high ground with no contribution.   Please educate me,  I'm sure your smarter than the professor at the local community college.  Dazzle me with your witty response that includes some reasoning that is valid to the point................you can't have a good economy when someone is trying to force it on you.    Do you agree?  Do you agree that if inflation is good for bitcoin price that deflation would be bad for it?? and finally do you agree that we may in fact be experiencing deflation in this economy today??
@_date: 2014-09-18 18:43:22
Just the fact that bitcoin is honest is enough for me.  What has the federal reserves dollar done for you lately??   you work and save dollars and what do you get?? in 100 years you loose 99% of your buying power.  So the way I see it your still ahead of the dollar even if you did buy bitcoin at 1,250.   
Bitcoin is honest, it's math, it's not going to change based on bleeding heart politics or war mongering.  It's safe, honest, transparent money.  
Money is just faith.............your a smart guy,  where is your faith??  is it in the dollar???   I bet not.  You may like another coin, or gold, or own a farm,  but your not saving dollars.    Show me your savings account statement with more than 20,000 in savings in it and I'll buy you a nice lunch.   I'll bet you save very little, because you are forced to borrow and leverage and spend in this system.  Bitcoin is honest ,and it doesn't force me to consume in order to keep my buying power.  
The dollar is dead, we are just waiting for the certificate to prove it.   
@_date: 2015-12-28 02:50:16
Just convert your bull shit alt coin into a colored coin. Problem solved. 
@_date: 2014-12-17 18:24:08
Agree. I'm up 400% as it sits and invested mostly in 2013.  It would have to go down under 100 to really start loosing me money. 
One year bad, but 2,3,5 year still darn good. 
I felt rich when it hit 1,250  and I had a guy trade me ounces of gold straight across one for one for bitcoins.    Those times are long gone but the few I traded off at the top damn near cover my whole investment. 
It's pretty hard to look at a static chart and think we are all static investors.  Things move, I adjust and trade.   Even in a down market you can make a few trade and score a few coins of upside. 
@_date: 2014-09-08 16:32:07
I can see how holding back liquidity may push the price up, but the market needs liquidity, so by holding back liquidity the market will establish it another way,,,,,,,,,,,,,and in this case it will be rewarding trading, that trading will become speculative, and form a bubble.  
Real liquidity is from trading of bitcoins for goods or service, not trading on a platform for speculation where market makers scalp the bid ask spread.   Real trading volume is needed, and that comes from people like you..........so if you want to help all you have to do is go buy a bitcoin and spend it today...............I dare you.  
If all I do in convince just you to spend one bitcoin today then it was all worth it.  I plan to buy my wife a pair of boots today that cost about 200 bucks, and also a victoria secret gift card for her birthday gift.   
if you can't find anything to spend bitcoins on buy victoria secret gift cards............take it from me,  thats one speculative bubble I don't mind seeing over and over again!!  ( I buy them of gyft) 
bow chika woow wow 
@_date: 2014-09-18 19:11:18
I think we agree mostly.  The dollar is the problem and I think it's great you made some money on bitcoin.   Maybe bitcoin won't replace the dollar, but something will, soon.  So whats it going to be???  
People will use the best tool they can get their hands on when they discover they need a tool.   As the dollar gets shot down as world reserve and those billions if not trillions of floated dollars come home the dollar will die.  At that point we will need to change to something new..............so if not bitcoin then what???  
Money is faith based,,,,so it has to be something people can learn about quickly and believe in quickly.  I argue that people will value food, commodities, and will have to trade.  AT first maybe gold will win out, but as trade develops the ease of use of bitcoin or something very close to it will most likely win out.  
in 100 years we will be using a crypto currency,  it's just to logical a step to think we are going to skip it.  I don't think it has to be bitcoin,  after all whens the last time you logged onto AOL or used Yahoo for a search?   bitcoin could go that way and be replaced with something better.................so what is better???? 
in a side by side comparison what is better than bitcoin?  You know the answer because you are already long whatever you like more........
I'm just trying to wake you up if you think holding the dollar is better than holding bitcoin.    If you made some money in bitcoin buy a farm quick, and sell food, and then no matter what coin takes over you can always earn some.  Foodcoin is the ultimate investment,  people got to eat.   So i think we agree, but get those dollars working, and not just in a hope to hedge inflation,  put them into production.  Farms are undervalued right now, buy one.  Get rid of those dollars.  
@_date: 2014-11-22 22:48:42
This is my first attempt to tip,  just opened my account and wanted to see how it works.  so  here is 1 beer   
I guess that is supposed to tip you,  if not help me figure out how to tip you and I will.  
@_date: 2014-08-21 23:51:44
the trezor sounds neat, but I still don't feel like I can trust it.  I like printing paper wallets,  the mycelium people have that little entropy device that creates wallets.  I ordered one, I plan to move everything I have to paper wallets and just keep a few bucks online for daily spending. Coinbase is great to keep a few hundred bucks for tipping or buying food etc.   I have paper wallets now but I created them on a computer that is online, so I don't even trust those paper wallets.  The entropy device works offline directly with the USB on the printer so you know it's a secure and new wallet address. 
and don't forget darkwallet is almost ready,  that should make things nice and easy to keep things clean. 
@_date: 2014-09-10 20:00:55
Bitcoin........because if you want to fly drones into another country and kill people you should at least have to pay for the bullets. 
@_date: 2014-11-03 19:51:52
no matter what your opinion is about the next 5 years i'm sure I could call it delusional as well.  So your anti-bitcoin.  good for you.......but you got to be pro something.  What is it that you think will take place.  I got the guts to have an opinion, all your doing is saying it's wrong.  If I am wrong that great,  please give me some ideas.  I am here to expand my outlook, and maybe you have the missing viewpoint to convince me to sell all my bitcoins and buy something...................so what would you buy if you had 50,000 dollars is cash today.......Then lets see how it compares to a 50-50 mix of bitcoins and silver as of todays prices.   
what is your investment idea??? 
@_date: 2014-09-10 19:55:52
Bitcoin.......The financial reset button.  
@_date: 2014-09-10 20:03:27
Bitcoin.....because the joker was right........this town needs an enima
@_date: 2014-09-12 16:04:36
this video by mike maloney describes what I am trying to say, 
  
is he wrong???
@_date: 2014-11-03 19:24:51
hopefully you hit up a BTC exchange also,  gold may go up 8 to 1, but bitcoins have a much higher change to deliver 100 fold profits.   Consider it your dooms day lotto ticket.  The day they announce the revaluation of the dollar everyone else is going to be in a panic.  We are going to be booking a nice vacation somewhere tropical.  If they don't revalue then they will just print away all our debits and pump huge value into our assets.   Thanks FED,  glad your so predictable.  
@_date: 2014-09-11 17:49:21
When the bank has 1,000 dollars on deposit it is allowed to lend 10,000, right?
 So if I have 1,000 in profits, 1,000 in debit, and a possible expansion that would cost 1,000 down and 9,000 of debit............ 
If I do the expansion I create credit expansion where a bank has taken 1,000 of deposits and created the money to lend me.  
If I pay off 1,000 in debit the bank has to do the opposite.......They un-create currency when debit is paid back.......is that not correct??
@_date: 2014-09-10 20:05:06
Bitcoin........welcome to Galt's Gultch.  
@_date: 2014-12-14 04:10:52
I did see some of that history, but I can't say it's true.   I think the trolls are trying pretty hard to make him look bad.   If you think he is a bad guy at least take the time to prove for real that he has a history of unethical behavior.  
I agree that as soon as some dude has some fancy idea how I can give him my bitcoin and trust him for some paper.......or in this case not even paper, just digital credits,    I think it's going to be hard to avoid someone running away with some of the value eventually.  Either the bitcoins, or the oil or the gold.  
The whole point of bitcoin is that unlike gold, you don't have to pay someone to guard it.   Holding assets is risky.  
I think what bitreserve is doing is taking away the one thing that kills bitcoin in the minds of so many,,,,,,,,,volatility. 
They always say to solve a problem....and then you can make some money.   I say yes, Bitreserve has solved a key problem to bitcoin,  and I hope they don't GOX it up,,,,,Volotility is why 9 out of 10 people who understand bitcoin but don't own any refuse to buy in.  
if you can solve volatility you create some value,,,,,,,,,,but don't solve volatility at the price of security.  It's a fine line, and I am with them as long as they never say "Trust me". 
  
@_date: 2014-11-03 17:55:56
I never defended at those levels,  My comment is just to make people think about deflation and what that means.  It simply can't go on forever without a response from the fed.  Their response is limited, they don't have many tools left.  They could revalue gold so the value of gold equaled the money supply.  That puts gold at about 8,000.  They could also print money, and create money supply.   So if we are in a deflation that would explain why people are not willing to trade dollars for bitcoins.  There is more and more competition for the fewer and fewer dollars. Velocity is slowing down.   This can't last long without a response, and the response will be bullish for gold, silver and bitcoin.  it does't matter what the price is,  if you want to make some money buy these undervalued assets and be ready for more money supply.  
@_date: 2014-12-30 17:07:49
good point.....................I'm not trying to predict the future as much as I am trying to make sense of the present.  Most of us are here because we already made our minds up about the long term bullish ideas that will make bitcoin grow, or at least disrupt the system enough to change the world.  I think bitcoin may be the Napster of the internet of money,  and I am happy to have supported it, even if my investment gets lost,  my kids will have access to cheap, quality music at the touch of a button because of Napster.   Bitcoin could prove to be napster and disappear, but the world will be forever changed by this experiment, and I don't care if my kids trade bitcoins or not,  they will have a better, more efficient, more honest system than I ever had.  That is progress and that is worth working for.   
so will bitcoin go up............yes,  until it changes the system so much that it itself is no longer needed.  In that case we are all richer, and loosing our bitcoins or our investment in bitcoins will be no problem because the world we will live in and our kids will live in will be so much better.   
Money is about to change.........and it's going to be more efficient, more honest, and easier to use accross the largest ever set of buyers and sellers.     
again, I was mostly trying to make sense of the present price range, and mostly because so many people are asking "why".  My 2 cents is worth the same as the next guy so I took a shot at explaining it.  
@_date: 2014-12-30 18:15:10
credit card processing fees cost some small businesses, especially those just starting out more than taxes do.   I hate taxes and always have, but now I realize that at least my taxes go to pay for some good things.  The fees I pay the banks are bigger than my taxes and they don't go to do anything good.  
@_date: 2014-12-11 21:55:24
so who is left??    Amazon, Ebbay, Facebook, McDonalds, wall mart.............
The race is on to secure these big names,  a company like Mc Donalds would be the biggest news. They have so many locations and this would be a great way for them to move money around the world.  They are world wide cash register operations.  Not sure any company would be as big as McDonalds.   Microsoft is huge, but they are not cash register operators. 
I think Mc Donalds would now be the "biggest" news,  who else would make big news??  who else is important??
the day they announce McDonald's I think we should see a 20% price increase.  Microsoft is huge, but I think the biggest whale of them all is McDonald's.......
It's got to be cash register operations, with lots of locations, huge advertising budgets, and small dollar amount sales, where credit cards must really eat into the income.  Using a credit card to buy a large soda costs more than the hard costs of the large soda.   Operations like this is where bitcoin will make millions of dollars of gains to the operation.  
If anyone can think of a bigger whale than McDonald's I'de love to hear it. 
@_date: 2014-09-18 17:53:01
depends on where you get the loans.  Don't borrow from family or the mafia, but it would be funny to use credit cards.  I have a deal sent in the mail this week for a 25,000 fixed rate loan from Discover locked in at a payment of 599 a month for 4 years.   Thats pretty cheap money and it's all unsecured debit.   We are sane people having not already done this, but I'm sure others have.  Just in vision a credit card free for all where everyone you know is maxing out a credit card to buy bitcoin with no intention of paying it back.   This could actually happen.  The credit card company would react and make it harder to get bitcoins, and that would make the price go up and up and up.  The more they squeeze the higher the bitcoin price would go.  When people are getting bitcoins for free because they don't plan to pay back the cards then they won't care what they bid.  
Markets are faith driven.........and it's easy to believe in the bible because that is what we are taught,  but when a UFO lands and says 
"hello we are from another planet" it's safe to say a massive amount of beliefs would change very quickly.  
This massive change in belief is what I am talking about,,,,,,,,,bitcoin judgement day!!!!  
The only fate is what you make!
@_date: 2014-11-24 04:43:41
thanks,  I vent on these comments and sometimes I feel like no one gets me.  Glad there is someone out there that can see what I am trying to say.  let me buy you 1 beer pass it along. 
@_date: 2014-12-30 04:07:50
The answer would be simple if you owned and operated a business.  When your the producer of goods making an honest living your margins are usually 10 to 20%. This means for every 100 dollars earned you get to keep between 10 and 20 bucks.  If you sell 100 dollars worth of goods with a credit card you pay 3 to 4%,  but let's go with 3%. 
You pay 3 dollars of your 10 dollars profit......that's 30% of your profit.  
Or you pay 3 dollars of 20 dollars of profit,,,,still 15% of your profit.  
Taxes are cheaper than credit cards. 
I can't believe this is the first time I have ever put it together this way,,,,,,,seriously.........taxes are cheaper than credit cards 
Wow.   I'm stamping that,  that's my new bumper sticker. 
So why Bitcoin????  
Because taxes suck, but you get a few aircraft for them.  bank fees suck even harder and all you get is some too big to fail banksters laundering millions if not billions for drug lords and getting away with it. 
If taxes pay for the intire industrial military complex, and banks are taking more of your money than taxes then holly shit.    
(Enter trolls and point makers about how the logic here and layout is not perfect ,,,,,but the idea of my comment is to provoke a thought.........compared to taxes bank fees can actually be more expensive.) 
Wow.  I didn't even know it till I typed it.  
Thanks for the thought provoking question.  
1 beer.  
@_date: 2014-12-30 16:34:43
Don't forget that the unbanked need a safe place to store value.  I have family in the third world, a very poor country, and they have no safe place to keep money.   Offering a vurtual mattress to stuff money in, and keep it safe on the cloud is as important to the third world as anything else.  
@_date: 2014-12-05 01:55:47
good for you kid!!! back in about 1985 or so I was in the 4th or 5th grade and willy wonka has a sale on boxes of candy for 1o cents per box for gobstopers, hot tamales etc.  On day one I bought 1 dollar worth and sold them at school for .25 cents  Every school kid had a quarter because that was the cost of milk for the day.  
fast forward about 15 days, I had 3 duffle bags full of candy and recruted 3 kids to help me distrubute and made more money that final day than the principle did.  They cought me because they had to throw away hundreds of dollars worth of milk and wondered why over half the kids in school had suddenly stopped buying milk at snack time.  
I got a slap on the hand and my parents were pissed that they got the call to come to school, but my dad looked at me with respect, like he suddenly knew he had to watch me closer,,,,I was smarter than he had thought.  
so good on you kid,  I got C and D grades all through school and only lasted half a semester in Jr, College but I work from home and operate a company that generates more than 1 million in sales per year from my spare bedroom.  
I hope your kid realizes he's smarter than his teachers. 
one beer   wait till he's 21 to give it to him please.  
@_date: 2014-09-10 17:19:59
If you have a ligit business it's not like ebay or amazon where you can "simply" sell items to the masses. This place at first will be filled with the "Super freedom lovers" who will pioneer this new frontier online.  These pioneers will not want many typical items.  Much like the gold rush pioneers,  things needed in the daily lives of a pioneer would sell pretty easily,  but your not going to sell items not needed by this specific group. 
Bumper stickers that say " I bought this bumper sticker on opan bazer, paid with bitcoin and there's not a fucking thing anyone can do about it" would sell pretty good.,  
Selling a cat poster that says "we love the federal reserve" would not sell at all.  
You got to understand the crowd, the demographic who will be on the site during the pioneer phase, and pander to them specifically.    There will be some freedom lovers on there that will look for everyday items, but it's safe to say the first stuff to sell is going to be T-shirts, stickers, etc with the open bazar logo.   
@_date: 2014-10-25 19:37:30
how about a fail safe wallet.    Lets say you have two wallets. One is empty and one is not.  even if you publicly published the private key to empty wallet no one could steal anything from it because it's empty. 
so set up a fail safe wallet just in case you every loose the password or access to your main wallet, this fail safe wallet would be programmed at a specific time to dump all the coins into the second less secure backup wallet.  
so if you ever loose your keys all you have to do is wait,  at the exact moment you programmed the wallet would dump all your coins into this secondary wallet that you could pass out to many many friends and family.  Most of the time the wallet would be empty,  but on that specific date and time all your coins would move to the secondary wallet.  Giving only partial trust to your secondary wallet holders. 
Lets say you set up this fail safe wallet, and put your only copy of your private keys into a file safe.  there is a fire and your keys are destroyed.  Instead of loosing all your coins you simply have to wait.  You have many copies of this secondary less secure wallet with friends, family or in an email or whatever.  Only you know the date and time that the coins will move, so at that exact time you catch your coins and move them to a secure wallet.   
but lets say you also burn in the fire, and your dead.  Instead of loosing the coins your friends and family will have control of this secondary account and eventually your coins will just show up there.  Even if it's 75 years later. 
so not only are you using a "account number" in a way your also using a "when" as a second factor authentication.  
by being the only person that knows when, your secure, and you can always move your coins or deprogram the move before it happens,  but as a fail safe this means you dont' have to have a second copy of your main secure wallet with anyone or in a secondary location like a safe deposit box. 
you control the when, and even if you die, the coins eventually show up in the second wallet. 
you could even make the secondary wallet "Seans Outpost" or some charity just to be sure your coins never get wasted.  
in fact, it would be smart for a charity to use this as a living will.......don't donate your coins right now,  but at least fail safe them to the charity of your choice even if it's many years later.   I plan to control my coins, but if something went wrong I could set up a 75 year in the future transfer to a charity and if anything ever goes wrong the coins move to the charity even if I have been dead for decades. 
You could set up college funds for your kids, and send there. 
Another idea would be a message in the block chain that is only open able at a specific time.  this way you could will your coins to be accessible only in the future at a certain time.  Find a way to add a "when" to a transaction.  
Making living wills out of bitcoin would be awesome.  
 
@_date: 2014-09-10 19:59:01
Bitcoin......because if computer scientist, physicists, doctors, and mostly well educated, freedom loving, hard working people like it.......it's going to the moon.  
@_date: 2014-11-23 19:10:22
ok,  lets see if this works...........Demotruck here is 1 beer is that right?
@_date: 2014-11-03 20:15:40
what is GBP??
@_date: 2014-09-08 16:57:44
when liquidity is low it's easy to effect the market, so volitility is one sign of low liquidity.  Volality alse denotes speculation.   So those who are in it for the long haul aren't hurting direclty but they are not helping.    The market will bubble again and again as long as speculators are the majority of exchanges..............so we need to make more honest real goods and services exchanges to take the ability of speculators to move the market away.  
the larger the real exchange volume the less power the speculators and traders have.  
bubbles will occur when speculation takes over,   and bubbles are bad for the image and for the holders (you) of bitcoin.  
so lets work together to take the power back from the speculators and earn and spend bitcoins.  
like I said, I will spend over 300 dollars worth today......not huge but a decent % of my holdings.    If we all just found a reason to spend 300 dollars of bitcoin on real things we could ad value to the network.  
so I dare all of you.......spend some bitcoins even if you just buy them back at the same price,,,and even the same time as you spend them.  I plan to buy my wife a gift, and place an order to replace the spend coins within seconds of the purchase.  No risk there.  
@_date: 2014-09-12 15:44:11
And in addition.......... when I the owner of a company make a choice of what to do with my money, I am deciding the fate of many dollars. 
Lets say I have 1,000 dollars of profit in cash.  I can keep it cash and the banks can't loan against it.  
In the past during an expanding economy what paid best was to leverage that money and buy more equipment, creating debit and creating money supply............and creating employment, who are people who now need more money supply.  
What if I don't participate in the credit expansion........by not participating in the business as usual of expansion I stop the many layers of money that would have been created on top of my 1,000 dollars.  
so by not expanding I am effecting the money supply..  
By NOT borrowing I am effecting the money supply........
and I still think that the opposite of borrowing would also effect the money supply...... maybe not from the viewpoint of one sigular bank, but from the viewpoint of the balance sheet of all the banks in the system I would think the creation of debit expands and therefor the repayment of debit contracts the money supply.  
@_date: 2014-09-10 19:53:22
Bitcoin, the red pill of money. 
@_date: 2014-09-10 19:56:38
Bitcoin....if the banks and government hate it,  it can't be all that bad.  
@_date: 2014-12-29 22:58:04
thanks,  maybe next time I'll put the word smart in my name...........seems like your got a thing for trying to be smart.  didnt' work here. 
@_date: 2014-12-29 19:31:55
Just got to ride the tides,  you can't fight the weight of a falling tide.  All you have to do it wait and it will return in full force.  I'm a long term bull but I see so many questions as to how and why we got to 300 as if we ever deserved 1200.   I just couldn't help buy try and throw some energy at stringing together a few ideas that may make it all gel.   I'm not a writer, that is clear, but hopefully the idea was worth your time. 
@_date: 2014-12-30 16:57:54
sure.  all I am saying is that the betting all in one direction and especially with leverage creates a situation where the price action has to go against the majority.    If everyone was to bet that the 49er would win the super bowl and no one bet against them how could the book makers cover the bets????   they use a spread.   
Basically what I am saying is that there is a sort of a spread here, created by several factors, where bitcoin can't really go any higher until the bets that bitcoin would go up get wipped out,   not so much by bitcoin not going up,  but by bitcoin not "covering the spread"  
bitcoin can go up to 380,  but the bulls who bet big won't get paid on that action because bitcoin, even though it went up, didn't go up enough to "Cover the spread"   Markets are stuck in a range bacause it's profitable for a great many poeple to keep bitcoin in this range and  starve out some of the bulls who have leveraged positions.   
@_date: 2014-12-17 15:29:17
The dollar is in deflation.  Asset prices fall during this process as people are forces to sell out of investments as dollars are harder and harder to come by. 
Don't worry,  it won't last long. The hyper inflation that will send Bitcoin to 10,000 will start as soon as the FED reacts to "deflation risks" and prints more money. 
Hold the line.  
@_date: 2014-12-29 23:01:01
exactly what they are doing.....they wait for the herd to get balled up at a price.......at that points it's easy to start a stampede for the door.  THey wait for the market to naturally achieve a stall point, then spook the heard and start a stampede.  IT's easy to do,  try it with chickens or pigs or cattle or kids.  
@_date: 2014-09-10 19:59:45
Bitcoin.......because your 401k  is now a 201k
@_date: 2014-11-12 15:21:07
Derivatives are fine, in a free market where the correct amount of risk is associated with the option.   In our current market fraud and inside deals have created risk-less derivatives.  It's the removal of risk that allows the tail to wag the dog.  This is not likely in an honest currency where banks can't create capital to cover bad positions.  
With an honest foundation currency, like bitcoin, honest derivatives with correct risk, assigned by be free market, will provide liquidity and risk hedging to help bitcoin achieve world wide acceptance. 
Honest derivatives on an honest currency are a good thing.  
You can't blame derivatives for the crime, you have to blame the traders.   Just like you can't blame the gun for the crime, you have to blame the person who pulled the trigger.  
There is nothing wrong with derivatives so long as they are honest and trading on a free market.  
If there is too many contracts out in any one direction the market will correct to wipe those positions out.  In a free market balance is always restored.  It's a force of nature.   Free markets have wild emotional swings, but they are free and fair, and people will learn to be less emotional as we all become traders.   Having more people holding a volatile commodity like bitcoin will teach many people about market dynamics and options contracts etc.  It's a really really really good thing.  People need to understand the markets again.   Our culture used to haggle, and bargain, to find the best deal.  Now we are all lazy and don't even understand why strawberries cost more in December.  
Bitcoin derivatives are a sign that bitcoin is growing up. 
@_date: 2014-11-03 19:21:28
it's actually really good news that gold and bitcoin have any sort of relationship,  it sort of means bitcoins are being treated by the market, even if at a subconscious level, the same as hard assets like gold.   Very good news for bitcoin.  it shows it's growing up, and is being treated like gold. 
@_date: 2014-09-11 16:21:46
I'm sorry it's not in the terms your used to.  
Inflation good for bitcoin then deflation bad....right? 
Paying off debit instead of growing a company results in deflation right?
the FED is out of controls, intrest rates are at bottom and they are throwing money into the supply,  so what else do they have?? 
They could introduce further capital controls to force the economy into the place they want it,,,,but my point is that with all this force how can we have the faith needed to flourish into a good economy???  
is that better?
@_date: 2014-11-22 22:49:53
This is my second attempt to tip,  same as above, I just want to see it work, I think all you have to do is put  here is 1 beer  that how you do it??
@_date: 2014-11-27 17:29:26
Maybe I got a sick sense of humor, but I laughed more at this movie than any movie I have seen in years.  It's silly humor but it's so funny on so many levels.  If you've ever had a boss, or been a boss, or tried to do some sort of stealth mission with a few idiot friends it just hits home runs over and over and over.   I thought it was better than the 1st one.  Great date movie, the combination of the sex and and the humor makes for a fun night later.  My wife loved it too, and the sex jokes and Jennifer Aniston being hot and kinky just sets the mood for a good night.  It's a great movie, best comedy of the year hands down.  
@_date: 2014-09-09 15:53:49
so I got into a good discussion here below and I think it applies to your response............it's worth a read.  
@_date: 2014-09-09 15:08:50
There are two sets of bitcoins,  those horded that do nothing and those being curculated in the economy.  Your converting their value into dollars and you don't even know it.  Convert it into assets,  example:
If you have 5 chickens worth of exchange and and 1,000 bitcoins participating in the economy, or you have 100,000 bitcoins in the economy. It doesn't matter the value of the whole network is 5 chickens.    You keep trying to value it in dollars or bitcoins.  
Bitcoins are only worth the total of the goods and services offered in exchange for them. 
it doesn't matter how many coins, or how many dollars, it only matters how many chickens.   
So to spend bitcoins is to encourge the trading of goods and services for bitcoins, stimulating sellers of goods to accept bitcoins, and therefor increasing the value of the network or economy.  
The money has no value,  that is the medium of exchange,  what creates the value is that people are willing to take your money for real goods and services.  
to increase the value of the bitcoins your holding by taking them out of the economy does nothing to help or hurt.   the economy is worth what it's worth regardless of your coins being a part of it.  
what I am saying is that if you want to help,,,,,,spend some coins to encourage their acceptance and therefor increase the value of the network.  
again...........your trying to argue that the value of each coin goes up if there is less supply...........but you can't value the money, you have to value only the goods in the market place offered in, and being traded in bitcoin.   
 
@_date: 2014-12-29 23:18:33
doesn't matter the size,  bull whales just got slaughtered, and those who used leverage and are getting a margin call are going to get taken out of their positions at the lows.  Once this is finished and the market is balanced we can move forward.  The speculators take the price over it's natural balance, then suffer the largest losses when the imbalance corrects itself.  
just wait for stabilization tools like bitshares to kick in,  it will be a game changer.  we can use the major utility of bitcoin but have none of the volatility risk.   Coinbase offering dollar wallets has the same effect.  I can "use" bitcoin and the dollar at the same time.  I can hold dollars and send them via bitcoin.  Bitcoin won't solve the fiat money problem alone, it will be a fully robust set of tools that eventually does the job.   
@_date: 2014-12-10 15:46:55
My only concern is what backs this system up. 
The answer is more than likely "Derivatives" and "options". 
The problem I would like Bitreserve to address is how they intend to secure things like Oil.  
More than likely they will use a Futures contract, or option. 
These options are paper assets, no different from the paper gold most people hold in an ETF. 
When the shit hits the fan it's just paper.  
So your here reading this because you understand bitcoin,,,,how on earth can you even consider taking your money and holding a digital version of paper oil or paper gold???? 
I read that bitreserve has physical gold to back up their gold card,  do they somehow have physical oil to back up their oil card????  
who are they trusting to provide the oil?? 
are they asking me to trust them, while they trust an oil supplier??? 
Why do we have all this trust when we have a trustless system called bitcoin???? 
BitReserve does a great thing to alleviate the volatility of bitcoin,  but I would rather have a volatile bitcoin than a paper asset.  
I am a customer of Bitreserve, I love the idea of holding dollars in a digital wallet.  Coinbase also offers this to some customers.  It's the game changer to hold dollars,  and holding gold and euros is cool,,,,, but once you really understand bitcoin and you go down the rabbit hole,   why would you want to trust anyone with your "value".  
I think I like my "value" in a trustless system where I am the sole person in charge of it's ownership.  Once you start trusting these people,,,,,,,good intentions or not...........things go wrong.   For examples of this just read the headlines.  
Once you centralize the value, you centralize the security problem,, and you have to pay a fee to guards to watch the gold etc.  Fees go up, and eventually someone walks away with the gold.  
we just solved all these problems,,,,,,,,,,so for people who have no faith in Bitcoin this is great.  But once you swallow the red pill and see the truth there is no reason to take a step back and trust anyone with your hard earned "value". 
Edit.............In conclusion........Bitreserve is awesome for people who have not yet, or will never swallow the red pill.  It's a wonderful tool for those who are tempted to jump into bitcoin, want to test out digital money, and then will eventually see that you don't need trust.  Bitreserve is Bitcoin with training wheels,  and it's a much needed transition to digital money. 
So long as they don't Gox it up.
@_date: 2014-11-03 19:19:55
look into your crystal ball,,,,,make an honest effort to guess the future of the dollar over the next 5 years............what do you think will happen to gold/silver the dollar and bitcoin in relation to each other over the next 5 years.......what are you betting will happen????
@_date: 2014-08-22 02:11:29
Lets write one that is less edgy,  I just can't see it from any point of view other than my own, so every time I try and communicate bitcoin this is what comes out.  I'de love to write one that is more main stream. 
@_date: 2014-09-07 00:22:03
The purpose of live is to observe the world, see the contrast, then take responsibility for what you have created, because everything you see, you created.  You created mansion, you created hitler, but you also created the mona lisa and the cosby show.  Life is about knowing, really knowing, that you have created every aspect of your reality, and learning to take responsibility for both the terrors and the triumphs you have brought to the world.  You are god,  if you want bitcoins, or insights, you can,t ask for them online,,,,, you have to ask for them within and then grant yourself permission to receive what you have asked for.   You are all that is,,,,,,and the response I am typing now is actually from your inner self....a message from you to you.......and because I am you, you do not have to pay me anything,  I already have all the bitcoins I have given myself permission to receive..........:)  and now you have all the insights you have given yourself permission to know........... A man must equal his money,,,,if you want to be wealthy step up and be somebody, somebody awesome.  Once you learn to be awesome the money will follow.   so when it doubt...........be awesome.  Sometimes that means helping a lady across the street and sometimes that means throwing a pie.   Create awesomeness, be awesome, and seek out other awesome people......and when you meet awesome people do awesome things with them.  Legendary things.  Things that involve peeling back the layers of self, and learning what your really capable of.   You are picaso, and someone just handed you a blank canvas and the largest selection of paints and brushes the world has ever seen.   Create damn it, create, and when your done create some more.  Make a smiley face, then put a bullet hole in it's forehead, see how each makes you feel and choose the one you like the most.  Make more of what makes you feel good and less of what doesn't.   Eat ice cream,  help the homeless, pass out bitcoins to people who are feverishly trying to find a reason for life.....and may they learn from this.........the answer to life is to be awesome,  and I don't mean just the helping the old lady type of awesome,  I mean the throwing a pie awesome as well.   Every once and a while someone has to stick their junk in the mashed potatoes.....so when it's your turn you got to step up and be the man,,,,and make life awesome.    
@_date: 2014-11-24 04:39:53
1 beer ,  put that in your pipe and smoke it!!  pass it along, 
@_date: 2014-09-11 18:02:00
Thank you for your post and helping me understand..........
So your saying that when I borrow 1,000 dollars from the bank,  they have created that capital off of 100 dollars in deposits held in the bank.   
So I have used up their ability to lend against that 100 dollars......
they have created about 900 dollars out of thin air.....
This is layered several times over because if I take my 1,000 dollar loan and deposit it into a bank that bank can now loan out 10,000 dollars.  
Or if my loan goes to buy a new kayak on ebbay, and the seller takes the 1,000 and puts it in the bank when they receive it..........they can loan out 10,000
the problem of creation is layered, and you never know where you stand in what layer of the debit your in.............
but at some point if banks can only lend 10 to 1,   borrowing money and spending it into the economy has a potentially exponential growth effect on money supply.........is that right???  
so if it's the borrowing of money that expands the money supply shouldn't it be the opposite that contracts the money supply....?  shouldn't paying down debit destroy money supply???
thank you so much for your time,.,,,,,,,, I'm really want to understand how they have set up the system...........if your saying that depositing money expands the money supply,  borrowing money expands the money supply and also paying debit expands the money supply...........then we are pretty well exactly upside down when compared to a free market.   
@_date: 2014-11-23 19:11:34
got your name wrong..........cheese and rice, and swear I'm not stupid but no evidence of that here.  
Demotruk here is 1 beer @_date: 2014-09-08 15:44:40
I agree..........all we can do is be an example and show people what amazing things honest money can do.   But to be an example one of the amazing things is to profit,  and to profit we must all exchange.  
My point is that if we speculate, and encourage speculation we create a bubble, and maybe a price bubble is inevitable,  but if we do our part to create the velocity of money,  real exchanges, those are what build network value.  
So my statement is that real network value is created from thin air when you exchange bitcoin for a good or service...........compared to an exchange of bitcoin for fiat, or a robot trading on an exchange scalping the bid ask spread. 
@_date: 2014-09-19 18:28:03
I agree...............buy buy buy, and not just bitcoins, but buy all those items.  If you could make a "foodcoin" it would take off.  
think about that,  FoodCoin,  based on comodities, it would be like trading futures contracts as money.   If you think about it, Foodcoin already exits in the commodities and futures market, no one really thinks about that, and it's not easy to Joe Smoe to trade it,  but if you took colored coins and make them Futures contracts you could make "FoodCoin".  
@_date: 2014-11-03 20:00:39
no, your not.   I was trying to say that gold going down could be a sign of deflation,,,and that perhaps bitcoins price decline is similar.  There are 100 gold bugs for every bitcoiniac out there.  I'm not trying to say that I corralate the two declines, but I can say the the economy is very confusing right now..............and the answers are harder to find than usual.  One place no one is looking is deflation and when you realize that maybe that is the cause to such a weird market place then perhaps it is also the explination for other misteries.  
why is gold down??  it's been money for thousands of years and suddenly people would rather have paper??  
why is bitcoin down?? suddenly people want paper instead of bits.  
so people don't want bitcoin and they don't want gold...........and the purchasing power of the dollar in the last few months has gone up.......
pretty darn weird to have prices declining (gas, oil, gold, bitcoin) when supply of the dollar is at all time highs.  
I'm not here to argue, I want to expand my outlook.........so what are your thoughts??  
with money supply so high how can prices go down??   unless velocity is going way down, or profit margins, or something.  There has to be a reason gas is 2.99 a gallon in Californa, gold and silver are very low, Forget bitcoin for one minute and just think about the rest of the market,  then try and coralte that with a possible bitcoin pull back.  IF you find the answer for gold, perhaps you will find the same answer is true for bitcoin.  I'm not saying anything except that we should look and fine out.   DO you have any ideas??   
don't you see signs of deflation??
@_date: 2014-11-24 04:38:29
I took put 25 bucks into my change tip account and will spread it around and all the tips I get I will spread around as well.   I'll tip out all 25 bucks as fast as I can 1 beer at a time and see if any comes back.  Anyone remember this quote:
 "It's not tipping I believe in.........it's over tipping" 
@_date: 2015-05-02 20:24:24
Why are you here??   Go home.  No one wants to play with you 
@_date: 2014-12-29 23:10:46
I set myself up with a buy plan.  I know how much cash I have on hand for investments.  I take a % of each paycheck to invest because I have no retirement plan at my job.  I keep it as cash ( and now in a dollar wallet with coinbase) and then set price targets.  Right now if bitcoin hits 250 I will buy one.  If it hits 200 I will buy 2 more, if it hits 150 I will buy 4 more and if it hits 100 I will buy 16 more.   I have the cash on hand to do this, and thats my plan.   I don't care to sell any.  For me this is my retirement travel money.  If I am right about bitcoin I get to travel alot.  If I am wrong I'm just like the rest of my generation.    
set up a buy plan, and relax.  set an alert and execute your plan even when it seems like bitcoin will fail.  THose are the days to buy.  
I have said this before and people called me retarded, but this is my honest opionion so I'll say it again at the risk of being called stupid.  
I think the dollar is deflating, and that the risk of deflation is the boogie man that keeps the FED awake at night.  THey will see these little signs of deflation and over react,  and this over reaction will be to print a major amount of money,  and then you will have inflation, and thats where bitcoin will make it's move to 10,000.   The FED will be what pushes bitcoin higher.  
so when you see the FED start mentioning QE whatever, and Deflation risk, and the need to print money you'll know bitcoin's moon shot is just around the corner.  Till then happy hunting,  lets hope for 100 because thats the end game where I profit the most.  
@_date: 2014-11-23 19:19:31
see how you can judge relavance by tipped amounts??   if an article in has received the most tips in total in the past 24 hours I really want to read it.     and under that post I want the ability to sort out all trolls by only viewing comments that have received tips.     The trolls will actually have to pay to get heard.    This would save reddit in my opinion.  I hate posting things here because I really try to add something to the conversation and so many times trolls just tear up the thread and make it a worthless use of my time.    and better yet the funny trolls that actually create some entertainment will get rewarded.  it's a double wammy.  Only good funny trolls will be rewarded and encouraged, the ugly trolls will find that they are heard less and less, and therefore vanish............as a community we will self regulate the appropriate amount of funny comments as well as the depth of their depravity.  
@_date: 2014-08-21 23:43:21
This may be the link, if I did it right.  
@_date: 2014-12-29 23:22:48
Nice........thank you sir....... I am enjoying a almost freezing cold Tona, I can't figure out how to put the accent on the N.   For 3.50 I will buy at least two of them, maybe 3,,,,,so thank you very much.  (i'm on holiday in Nicaragua) no real bitcoin action here yet, but just met a couple from argentina and they were happy to learn about it.   a much enjoyed tip.  
@_date: 2015-05-12 04:27:34
Granted, but the cost.   the more hashing the more secure.  so how would you ever create a coin/blockchain ledger than is more secure??  
you would need the get more hashing power than all the bitcoin miners to get a more secure system................so really bitcoin is already secure and cheap to use.   You don't have to do anything but plug in your colored coin to represent whatever you want and your ready to go. 
There is just no reason to do it yourself.  It's already done. 
If you want to ride space mountain it's cheaper to buy a ticket to Disney land than it is to build your own amusement park. 
wouldn't creating your own blockchain and then trying to secure it, and market it as "better" be very very very very expensive????
@_date: 2014-09-17 20:54:25
glad to see some competition.  This will drive the costs down. 
@_date: 2015-05-12 04:29:48
so again...........if you want to ride space mountain it's cheaper to buy a ticket to Disney land than to build your own amusement park.  
just use the bitcoin blockchain, it's there, it's secure, and it's cheap to use.  
@_date: 2014-09-10 19:55:19
Bitcoin......contributing to the delinquency of "miners" since 2009
@_date: 2014-12-30 17:12:29
I maintain a permanent level of suspended reality.  Being somewhat anonymous on the internet, reading random opinions by people with no authority, and loving to fish for trolls emboldens me even more.  
Reddit is a huge wall, and if you want you can throw a handful of shit at it and see what shape it takes.   Sometimes it looks like a butterfly, but mostly when I throw right handed. 
............seriously I'm no more full of shit than the next guy,  at least I can admit it.  
@_date: 2014-12-13 17:27:14
The financial elite gain more from bitcoin than anyone.   The guys at the tip top are about to throw the "banks" under the bus on purpose.  They will sacrifice the banks to convince us that justice has been served. And those pigs deserve it.  The guys at the very top already have land, oil, gold, and stock.  They own the foundation of the economy, they own production (of goods and services)  This is real primary wealth.  
If you produce the food of a nation your rich no matter if the peasants trade beads or Wampum.  
That is the hard part to understand.  People keep valuing the wealth of the elite in dollars.  This guy is worth XXX billion.  
The super top people who own the production of our food, and basic needs are the ones who are super rich,,,,,,,you can't look at their wealth in dollars. 
How do you measure a farmer's wealth????  It's easy, just count his cows and his acres. 
The super rich, the guys at the very top, they measure their wealth in how many cows they have not dollars.  
They don't care what we trade, we are cattle.  They own the economy and it doesn't matter what we trade, they will earn plenty of whatever we use as money because they have a system where money flows to them, no matter what kind of money it is.  
The most basic economy to understand is that of the farmer.  
Once you can see that we are basically just cattle, and that we are being "free ranged" to walk around as we please, you can see how they control us.   They are the ones holding the carrot just inches from our faces, luring us to press on, and produce more. 
They don't want our money, and they don't care what we trade, or how we trade it.  They are farmers, and we are cattle.  All they want is a strong healthy heard.   
Sometimes you have to let your herd fight to see who is strongest,  sometimes you have to cull a herd,  sometimes you have to let harsh weather take out the weak, or even let a predator stalk your herd to weed out the sick and lazy.  
Once you understand the mentality of raising livestock, you will see that if one day your chickens decided not to trade corn, but to trade only in bitcorn, it wouldn't effect you.  You the farmer is not after the corn your after the eggs.  
The financial elite is not after the dollars, they are not trying to get rich.  They are trying to grow a strong flock, where the weak get sorted out, and the strong are allowed to innovate and evolve................but most of all the important part to understand is that we, the cattle,  are all in a race for money.
  That's like the chickens being in a race for the corn,  running around trying to find better ways to get more of the corn. Fighting, and sqwaking for it. 
The farmer is not trying to have corn............he's trying to have eggs.  
We are so blind to what the goals of our leaders really are that we can't even begin to comprehend the how and why of something like bitcoin.  Bitcoin makes us more efficient.  Bitcoin is going to take or economy and make it stronger, faster, and more productive.  That is going to lead to more eggs.  But here we are talking about how much corn we are going to have, and how we can "anonymously trade" corn from one chicken on this end of the farm, all the way to another chicken on the other end of the farm totally free, and without any traces of the transaction.  As if that matters to the Farmer.  The farmer knows that corn gets eaten by chickens........the chickens have their pecking order, and their way to doing things, but that is not the Farmers major concern.............the concern is eggs, a steady supply of good, strong , healthy eggs. 
Do you get it??   We are the freakin Chickens man, running around valuing everything in corn as if corn is the only thing that matters,,,,,,,,green corn, colored corn, bitcorn,  corn corn!!!   
They are not about the stupid corn!!!!!!!!! they are about the eggs........and the breeding stock.  They want eggs now, and eggs in the future.  We don't value the eggs the same way they do.  To a chicken an egg is just this thing pops out of your ass once a day.  You instinctively (or due to conditioning) leave the egg in a controlled place, at a predictable rate.  Chickens produce eggs not because they want to,,,,,it's just what chickens do.  
 it's our job to figure that out, what is our value to the farmer??  where do we lay our eggs??  could we get more corn if we lay our eggs in a better spot for the farmer??? 
I would love it if my chickens would stop shitting in their food,,,,that is not the nature of chickens,,,,but it would be nice.  
I would love it if my chickens would stop fighting for pecking order...........that is not the nature of chickens........but it would be nice. 
When your a farmer you realize the nature of your livestock and offer that animal food, shelter, and a healthy life in exchange for eggs, milk, or honey.  
When your chickens fight over corn you don't really care to stop them as long as they are laying eggs.  
If your chickens shit in their own food dish,,,,you don't try to teach them not to, as long as they lay eggs.  
The only time the farmer is going to change the conditions of the cage is if you create a situation where the egg production is effected.  
You need to figure out what kind of animal you are,  what is your nature,  and what do you produce for the farmer and how is it being harvested. 
Once you realize your being farmed, and start to focus on the eggs rather than the corn you will see that you have complete control of your destiny, and that the farmer needs you just like you need the farmer.  You can live a happy life, a productive life,  once you know your place on the farm. 
The farmer loves you, and cares for you, and protects you.  You have a job on the farm, and usually it's not what you think.  The chicken works everyday to get some corn,  but you can't one day offer the farmer corn instead of eggs.  The farmer only wants chickens that lay good eggs...........or that has tasty meat.  In that case I would recommend laying good eggs. 
Once you know your role, and you know the method of harvest the farmer intends to use maybe you will want to adjust who and what you are and your role of the farm. 
One thing about the farmer is that he eats breakfast everyday.  The chicken who lays good eggs is a contributor to that breakfast,,,,,,,,,and so is the pig who has the best bacon.  
The difference is,  the Chicken is a happy contributor, but the pig is totally committed.
Your better off producing something renewable, rather than something that required total self sacrifice.   The farmer needs breakfast every day,  but every day the farmer sprinkles some corn and protects you.    
You got to decide...........you want to do something renewable like lay an egg everyday......or do you want to fatten up and be bacon???  
Only strong, productive, non aggressive, and loving animals get breed.  I'de rather lay an egg a day and spend my days breeding than be a pig, think I am rich because I have unlimited slop, and get fatter and fatter, closer and closer to the harvest.  The banks are pigs, and they are about to get harvested.  
The banks are the pigs...they are about to get slaughtered.  It was a good season, and the pigs are extra fat this year, due to good production by the farm as a whole. ......The whole farm contributed to the fattening up of the pigs, and the whole farm will celibrate not having to produce to feed those pigs anymore,  and also that the Farmer is so busy eating pork that eating one little chicken seems like alot of work compared to just eating the eggs. 
Be smart, be a chicken, but most of all learn your place on the farm............and learn how the farmer uses you, and how you can help the farmer in exchange for a better life.  
wow,  weird rant,  sorry to get so far in the weeds but really we are not dealing with people trying to get rich in the same sense that little guys like you and me are.  The elite are playing a totally different game, and in that game we are the livestock, and we are totally fenced in. 
It's ignorant to measure the farmers wealth in corn, there is a much bigger picture than that going on. 
 
@_date: 2015-05-22 20:33:15
I don't think satoshi did what he did to get filthy rich, but I can say that when you do the right thing getting filthy rich is sometimes the result.  
Honest money will improve the whole world,  this is the first honest money since gold, and even gold has been faked, and hidden and manipulated.  
so let honest money prevail and if satoshi happens to get rich that is OK,  we will all get rich on the effects of having an honest currency that demands reason over force to take the value. 
War doesn't pay when you can't raid the gold vaults.   Why do you think we went island to island in the pacific???   you think we were trying to take territory??   we were looking for the gold that the Japanees had hidden.  
War pays when you can steal the gold, force pays.  
But with bitcoin you can invade a country and get nothing.  If you read the art of war one of the 13 chapters is all about if the rewards of the battle will be worth the cost.  With bitcoin the answer will always be no.  
I am willing to let satoshi get filthy rich if that means the next country to get invaded can have the choice of if it should hand over it's wealth to an invading army or simply sacrafice the value and take death.  
Bitcoin is the end of the cycle of profitable violence.  
Reason will become more profitable than violence for the first time in a long time.  
@_date: 2014-09-10 16:33:32
now replace the cost of that building for the cost of a war.  War would also require capital.  
@_date: 2014-09-10 19:57:42
Bitcoin.....it's like the US dollar was before the FED. 
@_date: 2014-12-14 04:03:15
Sorry if it seemed negative,,,,I love their service,  I just don't think we should go back to having to trust anyone.  Thanks for your checking my tone.   My point is just that adding layers that include trust is a step back,  they are going to need to find a way to secure that portion of their portfolio way beyond just options or futures. They are going to need some major proof of steak.  Perhaps a colored coin or something backed up by a contract with a major oil company.
@_date: 2014-09-08 15:34:09
I don't know what kind of economist I am.  I'm not a large view "commanding general" type.  I'm in the trenches.  ...........I'm actually a garbage man, and I don't have an education in anything but working hard.  I can say this about my personal perspective............it's the exchange in any network that creates value.  Gold is worthless unless you exchange it for something to eat or something you need.   The gold has no intrinsic value other than it can buy me a chicken. Money is only what money does.   The value of a network only goes up due to exchanges of money for goods and services.    Our bitcoin economy would be much better off if the liquidity was driven from the exchange of bitcoins for goods and services not exchanging bitcoins for fiat back and forth with a bot trader trying to scalp .oo1% gains.  
Hoarding coins is fine.......but if you want to help do the following. Lets say your hoarding 10 coins.....buy one additional coin....spend it, then buy it back again and spend it again......do this 10 times.  Now you have "spent" your whole horde without even touching it.    If everyone with 10 coins or less did this the value of the network would go up,  if people who had more than 10 coins should just still try and do this small thing.  Spend 1 coin 10 times a month.  If we all did this,  spent one coin 10 times a month the value of the network would go up.   This is adding real value to the network,  not "hope fear and greed" value but real sort of GDP type value to the market.....
@_date: 2014-11-23 19:14:26
so I think your comment actually tipped me, so I tipped you back.....
I'm not sure you meant to do that.  but good to know it works like that
@_date: 2016-01-16 00:30:04
And the 89th best time to buy begins shortly. 
@_date: 2014-12-02 02:50:54
Couldn't someone (not me) use colored coins to represent dollars and send dollars digitally to argintina to circulate??? 
I just made my own currency for fun on coinprism,  why couldn't someone just make a currency called dollars, and create a way to redeem them for actual dollars somehow.  Maybe you could use a group with a good reputation outside of the country that could back the new currency with redemption in dollars just outside the country.  
I guess at that point, when you have decided to trust bitcoin 2.0 you may as well just trust bitcoin 1.0 and buy some freakin coins already. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 17:22:58
you should have read on,  I ended the piece with "bitcoin can become the deflationary currency it was designed to be' or something to that effect.  
I must have hit a trigger of yours, and your responded to quickly and closed your mind.  
Please read the peice, then let me know what about my statement is wrong?? 
I am trying to indicate that the value of a rare coin may go up, but the encentive is to hold it.  Where are all the real 90% silver dollars that used to be in curculation??  they got hoarded becasue they were more valuable than the alternative. 
so if you have a small number of very high value coins with little or no velocity the total value of that economy is small. 
if you have a high number of highly liquid coins, that economy is more valuable.  
I am making a statement about velocity, and it's part in the determination of value.  
 
@_date: 2015-01-09 17:54:54
(In angry jock voice from revenge of the nerds from the big guy, I think it was ogre) 
@_date: 2016-03-25 04:03:20
I'll buy a small amount.  To support the idea.  I love the idea I just don't have the trust to buy 10 btc in it. 
But for small notes and paying my buddies for a beer or something it would work fine.  I'll take half a Bitcoin worth of the smallest notes.  
Where do I go and buy them??     And please post the details of your ability to prove trust and also perhaps and bounty of say 10 bitcoin's to anyone who can prove a fatal flaw in your security. 
Put some skin in the game and pay a reward early rather then get us all wiped out later down the line. 
@_date: 2015-01-02 16:34:20
I wasn't saying to confirm the block,  I was just saying that if you need 6 confirmations to say the transaction is valid then why not do that yourself,  the answer is hinted at in one of the responses above,   when you sample the nodes, and see that they are all saying the same thing, that the transaction is OK and no double spend is detected then I understand that you can't just do it yourself,  you would have only the information you have,,,,,,,,,,if you sample the network you would be more likley to pick up the double spend.  
so I get it...............it just takes time for the network to see the transaction.  
not a problem for say Amazon that takes a while to get you your product anyway.... and Target could simply ask for ID.  The problem would be for McDonalds,,,,,,,,,,,,but I guess a few double spends of a Big Mac are not that big a problem.    
basically the problem of the double spend goes like this.   If your trying to double spend a Big Mac you may get away with it a few times,,,,,but if your trying to double spend a a Lamborghini it's not likely to happen...........also,    if you have the knowhow and the computers to pull off the double spend of a big mac chances are you could use your time in more profitable ways.  
@_date: 2015-01-01 00:01:46
I really like Coinbase for its iPhone app. I have a iPhone 6 and it uses the thumb print scanner to lock my bitcoins. 
You could steal my phone and still have zero access. 
Also,  it's easy to buy, the fees are low and its old school.  It's one of the oldest plus it's located just a few miles from me so I like that as well.  
For your pocket money, 1,000 dollars or less Coinbase is great. Instant buy once your verified and dollar wallet if you want to get out of the volitility on occasion.
For more than 1,000 buy a mycelium thumb drive paper wallet generator and use paper wallets for any big money. 
Or check out Coinbase "vault" where you can set up super security on larger amounts of coins. 
It's easy, and dummy proof.  
I've tried them all and this is just plain the easiest, and most dummy proof way to get it done.  
@_date: 2015-01-14 16:43:22
if the king has all the gold, and the peasants have none, the peasants cant trade gold.  If the king only puts 5 coins into the market, the price of those coins may go way up,  but the velocity will be zero because the people who hold those coins won't trade them, they will horde them.  The velocity being zero, peasants must trade something else, and in some cases with a currency that has no intrinsic value other than it's the proof of someone elses past work, the currency itself may suffer a value drop or complete loss of value due to the peasants not wanting to trade it because there is not enough supply to reasonablely work as a money.  
If everyone in an economy has 1 coin it's hard for one person to buy lunch and another to buy a car,  There needs to be enough money supply, at a reasonable value, to promote the money as a money. 
what I am saying is that not enough peasants are using bitcoin, and therefor it's at risk of not being adopted by the peasants as money. 
The kings may want this or that, but it's the peasants at the market level that decide the trading value.  
The peasansts are simply demanding more bitcoins for their goods, and if you boil it down they are threatening to not use bitcoin as money if the price doesn't reach a place where peasanst feel comfortable using it as money.  They need to have some upside too. 
so the bitcoin millionairs and traders are all selling into lower prices, creating opportunity for peasants who accept bitcoin.  The high water mark being at 1200 even a stupid peasanst will see the upside potential and then decide to accept bitcoin for their good or service. 
so all that is happening is sort of a strike,  the people at the top who have the most to loose are having to redistribute some of their wealth to create a more robust economy where more of the little guys have upside potential. 
this a good for the bitcoin economy so long as the large steak holders get a scare, and let go of some bitcoin by making a purchase. 
@_date: 2015-01-02 16:23:11
Never heard of it', but I'll google it now. 
@_date: 2015-01-02 17:02:28
See STRAWPay for a neat solution for this problem......were I was talking about the problem and the solution was just one post away.  
@_date: 2015-01-30 17:11:44
Play on words,  sure.   Touche. 
My point is that such low tech options are available,  sometimes it blows my mind that you can use a telegraph to transfer bitcoin, or HAM radio. 
Being backwards compatible is a huge selling point.  
I hate that my Xbox one doesn't play my Xbox 360 games.  (I guess this shows my age a bit)  
but to think that bitcoin works on Internet, telephone, telegraph, radio, written letter, and even hieroglyph.  Bitcoin in ancient Egypt is possible, wouldn't need such a complex math problem, but a few hundred guys using incubus could in theory use a more simple form of bitcoin a thousand years ago.  
That can't be said for the internet itself.  The internet needs power, communication lines, and is forward compatible only.  
The idea, the blockchain technology is very backward compatible, you would just have to make the math much more simple to pull it off in the past and instead of world wide it may only reach as far as one city or one major population group.  
  
@_date: 2015-01-06 17:51:48
If I was the government. I could kill bitcoin for free.  
Edit( if I was a competent government with any sort of power to get things done) 
Just release very credible evidence that bitcoin is actually a CIA or NSA invention to create a big brother super computer IRS agency that can tax and tax and never have to worry about tax evasion.  Once bitcoin is in place they could just tax every transaction, like a transaction fee.   Tell people and show evidence that the end game for bitcoin is NWO total domination and a big brother police state that controls who spends what and where.  Mark of the beast etc. 
Tell people Bitcoin was invented to end the black market once and for all, and that freedom to spend money anonymously was just the bait on a huge hook to capture all those would be drug dealers, terrorist etc.  
The libertarians would have to ditch bitcoin at that point, and that is the core of the whole thing.  
If I was the government I could kill bitcoin with just a well thought out propaganda campaign.  I wouldn't have to spend money on killing it. ( but we are assuming our government is competent and able to do things) 
If the government wanted bitcoin dead it would already be dead.  (or at least if the government was competent and wanted it dead it would be dead, so we can't tell if they want to allow it, or if they are just incompetent) 
The truth is much more scary...............what if there is no conspiracy to oppress the people???   People feel comfortable about a conspiracy theory because they feel that at least someone is in control.  Control of all those nukes and aircraft carriers.  
The scary truth may turn out to be that the most powerful country on the planet, The United States of America may very well indeed be a very successful version of Mr. Toads wild ride.  No one smart is really at the wheel. 
what if no one is in charge??  what if no one wants to kill bitcoin because there is no all powerful police state??? 
Holly shit man........what if the government is so freakin tied up in red tape that it's going to let bitcoin live..........
if they don't kill bitcoin you have to wonder? 
do they want it to survive..............or are they really just too stupid to know what bitcoin will do to their power structure.  (or so incompetent and hungry for the next elections that they will let it live just to keep the voters happy) 
I have believed for a long time that the all powerful conspiracy exists,,,,,,,,,,,,but the more and more I look at it, all I see a sort of wizard of OZ approach.   It's all smoke and mirrors, there is no central power at all.  If there was then bitcoin would already be dead.  
If they don't kill it it's not because they can't.  It's because our system is so screwed up that even disruptive, hot topic things like bitcoin come along and can't get the attention they deserve.   
If there is a conspiracy then I sleep well at night knowing that at least someone has a plan. 
But if there is no all powerful conspiracy then that means all those nukes and all those aircraft carriers are really just out there,  and you and me, "we the people" are in charge!! 
Holly shit man,  have you met "We the People"???  
Head to your nearest wall mart at 10pm, and imagine those people in charge of an aircraft carrier..............
Nothing, I mean nothing is more scary to me than to imagine the world without an all powerful conspiracy in charge.  
What if "We the people"  really are in charge??  Then bitcoin lives and we evolve to the next level of money.  
Just in time,  because whatever this is (current economic system) aint working for me.  
Killing bitcoin is easy, if you assume competence.  
Unfortunately it seems that assumption is not well founded. 
@_date: 2015-01-10 18:40:12
10% of your monthly income!!!!!!!!!!!  if you make 5,000 dollars a month and most people don't, thats only 500 bucks.  
what I am saying to do is not crazy,  you should save 10% of your income no matter what, and diversification is paramount.  
I can't easily take 500 bucks and buy a french stock, or a german bond.  it's too complex to invest abroad.  Bitcoin is great because you can easily and simply make a small investment in a huge international venture.  
so you keep making it like I said to invest tons of money,,,,,no,  just 10% of your monthly income,,,or whatever you save everymonth.  
don't you save any money??
@_date: 2015-01-18 21:20:30
Step one: buy 10 0z silver bar
Step two: buy upper and lower case punch set 
Step three: stamp wallet private key into bar of silver 
Step four: dig hole 
Step five: plant rose bush. 
step six: enjoy roses knowing that if anyone dug up your bitcoins it would kill the rose bush,  so as long as there are roses your bitcoins are safe. 
@_date: 2015-01-02 16:17:24
so until the block is completed the vendor is at risk?? 
 so it's always 10 minutes??
   I thought that once the miners had picked up your transaction and passed it around a bit that it locked in the transaction.  so even though the block has not completed you have a few miners all agreeing that the inputs used to create the transaction are valid and that no double spend has been attempted.   If you wanted to double spend you would have to try before the block is completed, so your time frame is short.  Maybe you could get lucky and spend 100 btc on a car in California and the same 100 btc on a car in Russia and since the two mining pools would be so disconnected they would not happen to pick up on the double spend and just maybe you would get away with it.  
( I know i'm not right, but can you help me understand)  
@_date: 2016-03-14 23:30:33
There is so much FUD and so much negativity that I was bracing myself for a sell off down to the 200 range but even with all this FUD the sell off doesn't materialize. 
This is the most negative the Bitcoin space has ever been. 
But no sell off.  (Not major in price move or volume) 
Makes me think the FUD is holding the price back but not causing it to break resistance.   That means when the fear finally goes away the price should move up. 
@_date: 2015-01-27 16:16:17
your awesome,  thats so funny.   maybe it's just the way I read it, but i'm still laughing.   We need funny posts like this to keep it light.  
it's just sooo funny if you read it in context,  the timming is great,  I'm still laughing,   I'm crying now, it so fuckin funny.     
  
sorry my tip account is a just short of a beer,   3 dollars
@_date: 2015-01-02 16:19:24
your saying there would be a third party like bitpay somehow standing in the middle, guaranteeing the transaction???   sounds like master card to me.  
@_date: 2015-01-31 00:45:45
That's the best part of bitcoin,  it will swap out who the top 1% is.  
I don't care if it's Mr. Bean and Bevus and Butthead who end up in charge................it literally can't get any worse than this.  
@_date: 2014-08-22 02:09:30
actually I posted the actual word doc. it looks better in word.  I had to cut and paste it to post it. click the link and check it out, you can just print that.  I own a business and send out 50 to 100 invoices a week. I plan to print this on the back of all my invoices to spread the word.  
@_date: 2015-01-03 20:20:03
You are awesome.  
1 beer 
@_date: 2015-01-13 01:52:20
Self regulation at its best. 
The free market is finding an answer to lower prices and will provide an adjustment to the inputs until supply equals demand at a fair price.  
The market will decide the price,  and when it can't find a solution within the price it finds a solution in the supply or demand.   
@_date: 2015-01-03 20:23:17
Not completely true,  it's only let's you buy if you have it all set up in america.  Once it's all set up you could be any place.  But I see your point, it's tough to get set up if you don't live here.  I am all set up and am currently on vacation, I can buy and sell and even use a dollar wallet to sidestep the volatility.    very easy,  fool proof, great for a few thousand dollars.  I think the risk is very low.  
@_date: 2014-09-10 20:06:14
wow,  anyone want to start a T-shirt company??  I could go all day.  
@_date: 2015-01-08 19:15:51
it was a play on words.  What I mean to say is you don't need an FDIC when your reputation is worth more than your loss.  The value of the reputation forces people to self insure. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 16:52:52
I agree, i love them for what they do,  because the cycles are predictable.  At the same time however the fear greed fear greed cycle that particiapate in is what creates all the volititlity and that is really what makes bitcoin hard to adopt.  
so yes, it's fine to hoard coins, but the people who decide what to do based on fear and greed create and then pop price bubbles.  
This will be bitcoins future unless we all take a lesson and grow up a bit.   
The best thing you can do for bitcoin is spend bitcoin.  if you don't want to reduce your position then buy them right back.  But you have to spend them, and increase acceptance and velocity to make the value go up and be the deflationary currency it was designed to be. 
Velocity will make or break bitcoin.   
We need coins to move to reap the benefits, and therefore reach a higher value. 
If bitcoin saves 2% friction then 2% of every transaction's value should be added to the value of bitcoin. This is the "saved" money that would have otherwise been spent to the bank.  This 2% compounds very quickly.  
once we get to a spot where bitcoin is growing by 2% of it's total volume traded then we will know we are reaping the benefits of using bitcoin then we can say............the value is going to go up, like it was designed to do,   because it is saving us friction on the market, and that friction is being added back into the market, therefore the value of the currency goes up or prices go down............
@_date: 2015-01-14 16:45:11
when velocity hits zero so does the value
@_date: 2015-01-14 17:58:09
what is hypothetical about the situation that occurred with silver dollars in the late 80s.  You could walk into casinos in Tahoe and still get silver dollars.  We used to go and play the slots and always make sure to convert all our cash to sliver dollars before we came home.   I still have those silver dollars.  The velocity on the old 90% silver dollars is higher, but velocity is reaching zero, so the have a value, but not as a money.  They say they are worth a dollar but I can trade them for 15 or 18 dollars today.  
so how is this hypothetical exactly?? 
I want to agree with you, not argue.    
I don't disagree with anything your trying to say,  and i don't think you disagree with me.   What is it exactly that you want to say?? 
My point is that bitcoins needs to be in the hands of the people who are making exchanges for goods and services.  Not in the hands of the "king" or other investors or hoarders.  
My secondary point was that huge pull backs like this "shake the trees and drop some fruit to the ground" and offer the actual market participants a change to get in low and have some upside.  
I think you agree with me.  
@_date: 2016-03-25 00:53:56
Their capacity is most certainly in question!!!! 
You think there was an open market to buy put contracts on the DOW on 9-12???? 
I have seen dozen of market closures and even more days where there simply is no market for certain options.   Sometimes you get stuck in an option contract for hours and even days while waiting for markets to calm. 
I'll say it again,  Bitcoin on its worst day is better than Wall Street on its best day.   Bitcoin is full of crooks and so is Wall Street.  The difference is that the crooks in Bitcoin are not issued a license to steal.  Wall Street literally issues licenses to steal.  
@_date: 2015-01-09 21:38:17
No one asked you to put your life savings into bitcoin.  Your here, your already following the idea, and you like it enough to be taking your time to talk about it.  
Do yourself a favor,  take 10% of your monthly income this month and buy bitcoin.  You don't have to "invest" your home or thousands and thousands of dollars, but if you have time to waste on this site, then your doing OK in life and you can afford to take 500 or 1,000 dollars risk.  I would guess you make between 5k and 10k a month based on what you said and how you said it.  
Be bearish all you want,  don't bet the farm, but these opportunities don't come along ever day.  Your not going to get 5,000% upside deals very often.  
When you have the chance, you can't bet more than you can afford, but you can't afford to not bet.  
Your smart, I can tell.    What chance do you see bitcoin actually making it???  5%...........2%............even 1%  
even at a 1% chance it's mathimatically a good idea to put in a few bucks,  maybe only 50 bucks.  But there is an amount of money that you should put in even if it's 1 dollar.  
so here is a tip,  now you own bitcoin,  if you put 10% of your monthly income on top of this I may just make your retirement far better than you imagined. 
and if I am wrong you lost 10% of a months income..........no big deal. 
one dollar.  
 
@_date: 2016-03-15 03:49:40
It was a profitable business minus some security flaws.  Why is no one stepping in to fill this gap?? 
@_date: 2016-03-26 02:59:29
Post your survey questions here.  I will answer. 
@_date: 2016-03-15 03:48:10
Nice 
@_date: 2015-01-24 16:31:42
Take a 10oz silver bar and pound it flat.  Take a set of punches and punch the wallet address into the silver nice and deep. 
now you can actually bury the wallet and not have to worry about how delicate paper is.   (water, fire, mold, etc) 
@_date: 2015-01-05 20:38:49
you got to bet big to win big.   Consider it a lifetimes worth of lotto tickets all at once with 100,000 times better odds of winning.  Not a 100% chance, but way better than playing the lotto.   If he does this he never needs to buy a lotto ticket again. 
@_date: 2014-09-10 20:01:49
Bitcoin......The anti-financial parasite. 
@_date: 2016-03-07 16:27:15
Bitcoin has many use cases, find one for you. 
Satoshi didn't invent "digital get rich quick".  
If you can't use Bitcoin for your own personal gains, and you can't see it as a logical "investment" then get out. 
Bitcoin is here for you to use as you like.  I own a hammer but seldom use it for pounding nails.   It has 1,000 other uses and is very convenient and cheap to own.  
Maybe you only need 200 bucks of Bitcoin to achieve your max optimum advantage.  In that case get 200 bucks worth on your iPhone and use it when you forget your wallet etc.  
Your use case is for you......  
If you can't use it why own it??? 
But don't get stuck without a hammer in your home,, even if you never plan to pound nails.  
@_date: 2015-01-13 01:41:06
I had a similar reaction with my girlfriend,,,unfortunately it had nothing to do with Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2015-01-10 18:45:07
Another conversion................one day soon your going to have this crazy Ah Ha moment.  Please contact me when that moment comes.   Your about to see the world through a new set of eyes.  Bitcoin the technology (not necessarily the currency) is a world changing invention.   There is no going back.  Blockchain technology will change the world with or without bitcoin the currency.   Once you see it, and see how many problems it solves there is no way to imagine the future without it.  
it's not about money,,,,,,,,,,,it's about honest money. 
@_date: 2015-01-05 22:39:14
doesn't matter it's awesome and you found it for me,  you tip him if you want to.  Keep the tips rolling.  
it's not tipping I believe in...........it's over tipping.  
@_date: 2016-03-09 19:18:39
Sanity.  Thank you for your time and thought. 
@_date: 2014-12-29 20:32:56
I can solve it very simply........don't buy bitcoins, earn them.  
then spend them.  
No fees.  
@_date: 2016-01-06 05:31:31
It's like email for money.  Totally safe and secure and only the person you send it to can have it. 
@_date: 2014-11-24 05:04:21
if you think of deflation as "desire for dollars growing" compared to inflation as "desire for dollars shrinking"  wouldn't you say you value dollars more today than you did 6 months ago??? 
6 months ago I was taking every dollar of profit and putting it into silver and bitcoin,,,,,,,,,,,,,,but now that I have some of that I am starting to see panic,  people are calling me and selling me silver that they bought at 22 bucks for 16 bucks.   They suddenly need cash for this or that.  
Deflation is scary because it is exponential and contagious.  
The economy gets worse, more people get stuck, and have to sell at the bottom,   all the weak hands get pushed out of a good investment.  
The smart money buys it all up (not trying to call myself smart, just making a case) and profits a bit down the road as the FED reacts to the threat of deflation with massive money printing, leading back to increased velocity of money and inflation.  
Unless this Xmas season is the best for retailers in 10 years I think we will see more and more "deflation risk" popping up with a final reaction by the FED of QEinfinity with printing that dwarfs what has happened so far.  
by next summer we really have only two choices........a good economy gaining traction.........or more money printing.   There is no middle.  
so we will see....maybe I am a weak hand and I will have to sell that silver I got at 16 for even less..........time will tell if I can survive long enough to see a payday on silver or bitcoin.   My point is that 6 months ago I didn't want to own even a single dollar............but all of the sudden I see that dollars are suddenly in high demand..........and with a few of these dollars I can suck up cheap stuff.    This was not the situation a few months back.  
so wouldn't you say that people being forced to sell at a loss on something like silver is the weak hands getting taken out................and that once the weak hands are all gone the following move should be up.   It's the weak holders who have to sell low that keep the price ticking down,  and the paper products make the pain hard to handle.  Everyday it's lower,  and everyday more weak hands sell off to stop the pain.  
it can't do this for ever,,,,,,,,,,and I would say it can't do this for long.    The whole point is that as these desperate people fold, they do so under demand for dollars in a market where there are less and less dollars to be found...........and that is deflation.  
I would say this is because all the banks are taking money but not loaning it out,,,,,,,the money has been printed, but it didn't hit the street.   The banks see the demand for dollars going up so they want to hold on to it,  plus they got it an near zero interest so why loan it out to people who will most likely fail.  They may as well just keep it. Let the pain get real bad,  and then buy up cheap stuff with free money, from people who are desperate only because they made them so by not lending out the money the FED printed to increase velocity and float.   
Just watch the banks,  all the sudden they will cut loose and start buying up half priced assets from desperate people.  That will mark the bottom.    To get back to bitcoin,  6 months ago I had dollars that I hated, and wanted to get rid of so I bought bitcoin,  this month I have dollars to spend also,,,,,but I hate them a bit less.  I'll buy bitcoin but only at 350,  and silver at 16.  that low price is what it takes to get my money out of my pockets and into the game.   The perception change is one reason bitcoin is lower,  nothing bad happened to bitcoin it's just the competition for dollars is more and more competitive so people value them more this month than they did a few months back.    
I have a few grand in cash,  something I would not have dreamed of 6 months ago.   
This "feeling" is the root of deflation.  
@_date: 2016-01-15 18:19:34
And my bet is Monero or Dash.   He will jump on some new runner up altcoin. Make a huge investment,,, then pump it like crazy as the "better than Bitcoin". 
Hope he speaks Chinese because to his own point,,,,China is who is making Bitcoin happen. 
@_date: 2015-05-12 04:30:43
bitcoin is the promise of a day where violence is not the key principle in our financial system.  
I believe in math...........I have a hard time believing in force. 
@_date: 2016-01-15 17:13:16
It's a dump and pump!!! 
First he sells his coins,,,, then he releases bad news,,,
If you did this in the stock market you would either go to jail or get a huge bonus. 
You mark my words.  He will create a sell off then quietly buy up a bunch of coins for whatever is his next move. 
I would guess he will suddenly be put on the board of Monero or Dash or some other alt coin and his pump will begin. 
@_date: 2016-03-21 00:14:57
There is a guy posting about uphold not processing his withdrawal.  Maybe this is why. 
Anyone know if this is the problem
With uphold???
@_date: 2016-01-09 04:20:26
Sacramento has some Bitcoin buzz but the local meet up only has a few members.  
Why so few?? 
Anyone here from that area?? Seems like a good place to start in the capital of California.  Why can't we get more traction??
@_date: 2015-05-05 23:34:47
don't forget that the whole idea is that we set up a system like the blockchain where it's more effort and more expensive to be a bad actor. 
@_date: 2016-01-27 17:51:03
Can you explain why they are better???    I really need to know.  And what is CT?? 
@_date: 2016-03-04 02:04:08
Amen!!  Bitcoin is still the better than what we have and when this fear turns back into greed we are going to see a bull market and a push higher while these plan B altcoins that are in a bubble now are all going to pop. 
If your up on altcoins hedge your bets now by converting it back into Bitcoin.  The fear cycle is almost over and the Alts are going to get crushed compared to Bitcoin as the halving happens.  
If you bought either, dash, or monero at the start of this fear cycle your up well over 50%, maybe even 100% or more on your money.  Congrats.  But it's time to hedge your hedge.  
Buy Bitcoin before the Altcoin sell off that is eminent. 
@_date: 2016-03-07 16:22:11
Sell your Bitcoin then and stop wasting your time here.  Your only here because you still believe.  You own Bitcoin and want to buy more at a cheaper price so you smear it and cause doubt to spook the heard and wait for a better price.  
Nice moves,,, but get that money ready, Bitcoin is about to bottom, the halving is close, and this block size debate has gone full retard and no one cares.  
Almost time to buy!!!
@_date: 2016-03-26 01:36:31
Bitcoin is free and most of all honest.  The dollar is not honest. 
Wall Street uses the dollar, a dishonest money, and also amplifies the dishonestly of the central bank to further the damage to the public. 
Bitcoin is transparent, yet can be anonymous.  It would end fraud not make it worse.   The open block chain means that if you contribute to a fraudulent organization you can follow your money into the pockets of the corrupt officials.     Officials will be constantly set up by those who would love to prove they accepted dirty money.  
The system will be chaotic at first but more freedom will lead to more self reliance.   The system will be more resilient.  
@_date: 2016-03-03 19:50:47
Each use case has a valuation above zero. 
Together the value is more. 
Let's hope they do both,,, but either way it beats fiat 
@_date: 2017-02-27 14:38:54
Best chart analysis I have ever seen 
@_date: 2016-01-05 19:25:30
Well I defer to your expertise. I have never bought anything with Bitcoin besides a sofa on overstock.    
I would say this:::::  I would rather get scammed out of 200 bucks on line than mugged for 200 bucks at gunpoint on a street corner. 
Building trust online may be hard,,, but getting robbed during a drug deal is pretty dangerous so when you take away the risk of bodily harm you may get a better overall scenario even if you eventually loose.. 
@_date: 2017-03-10 22:02:30
Give the op the "shot his load to early" award.   
You realize Bitcoin should be at 600 by now,,, but it's at 1120. 
Honey Badger in the house.  
@_date: 2016-03-23 01:51:07
Just buy a set of upper and lower case metal stamps that punch the letter into the metal with a hammer strike. 
Then buy a 10oz bar of silver and stamp the key into the silver. 
Bury under a rose bush in your yard and each day look out upon your savings account knowing no one has dug it up or stolen it.
@_date: 2016-01-02 18:12:58
No no.  You took that the wrong way.  If your trying to buy normal things like a TV you just have to trust overstock or whoever your buying from.  If your buying dark market stiff (I never have) you just have to build a relationship.   Buy something small from someone who is rated high,  (no pun intended). 
Then as you build trust the orders can get larger. 
They have more to gain by treating you good then they do by scamming you.  Think how hard it is to get a good rep?? This is proof of work.   Even if their good rep comes from friends it's still effort to set it all up.  A good reputation is valuable and not something you would risk. 
A good rep is proof of work.  
@_date: 2014-11-24 04:53:20
In a free and fair market you are free to try and manipulate whatever you want.  It's free.    Our market is not free, and the banks are committing fraud where they spread the risk among their clients and take the reward for that risk directly.    There is no transparency, or accountability.  
The problem is not the options, the problem is that the system is allowing some players to miss allocate risk and manipulate the system so that the risk and the reward are separated.  
in a free market the most effecient market will win,  and you can not build a reputation and keep customers if your always ripping them off.  
only when regulators are captured can this happen..............so I agree that the options are a tool being used to manipulate the market,  just like a gun may be responsible for someone's death,  but the gun is just the tool.  WE DON'T BLAME GUNS FOR MURDER SO WE CAN'T BLAME OPTIONS AND OPTIONS TRADERS FOR MANIPULATION.  
Options have 10,000 good uses and only with bad actors are they allowed to cause harm.  In a free market these bad actors would be wipped out very quickly.  In a free market only honest, efficient markets will win.    Any bad markets or fakes will be revealed as ponzi very quickly.  
bitcoin paves the road for honest options,  Honest banks, and honest markets.  
I can't wait, 
@_date: 2017-03-10 18:15:35
The price will tell you the outcome about 2 minutes before the news can be circulated.  
Set a price alarm for 600 and if it goes off the decision was negative. 
Set an alarm for 2,500 and if triggers the decision was posative. 
Not bad risk to reward.  
There will be now to get out of the way of the stampede for the exit if it's negative.   There will be no bid.  
And anyone stupid enough to sell at the second the news comes out will have to use a market order and is likely to get rapped on a massive scale. 
@_date: 2016-01-02 18:28:31
You could just fork the chain at a designated block and everyone would have coins on two chains.  The "vote chain" would have wallets set up to receive "vote coins" 
The wallet with the highest balance at the end of the time limit is the winner for all to see.  
You just send your vote coins to the wallet of the idea you support.  
Total transparent voting. 
@_date: 2015-01-03 20:26:36
by the way.........I just want to say people here talk shit all day and condescend as if anyone has athority.  Words here input by random people have no value.  Action on the other hand can do more than millions of stupid posts.   You put your balls on the table and that my friend is heart.    Good on you, and thank you for being awesome.  I will try to find something as awesome to do, rather than just talk.  
@_date: 2016-01-31 22:35:51
The spam is the only reason I have not purchased any.   You have to figure that they will get some dumb money to buy in and it will lead to a pump and dump. 
This spam is a serious negative for etherium.  You don't want to attract dumb money to any project because the dumb money causes a stampede for the exit driven by emotion. 
Wait for the dump phase and the spam to stop and then buy. 
@_date: 2016-01-05 18:37:48
You need buy your bitcoins without any link to your name. 
Then group them into several wallets of a smaller size. 
If you have 440 bucks or one Bitcoin in 100 wallets for a total of 100 bitcoins when you spend 5 bucks for a coffee the wallet you spent it from is now tainted with a time and place.   They may not know at that point exactly who you are but they know that at 10:15 you were in Starbucks in Portland. 
Now if your next purchase from that wallet is a coffee in Seattle they know your traveling. 
If your next purchase is at the Silk Road they know that wallet,,, who just used Silk Road, gets a coffee everyday at Starbucks at 10:15.   
They just have to watch where you spend your money and they can track that wallet. 
So not only should you buy bitcoins with No ID but you can't keep them all in one wallet.  
Mix them and store them in several wallets and know that once you spend out of a wallet that purchase could have out you on the radar and all further purchases from that wallet can all be linked together to form clues to your identity. 
Getting coins without ID is easy.  Local bitcoins. 
Spending bitcoins without leaving clues to who you are is harder,,,,maybe even the hardest part.  
Monero will solve this problem shortly.   So just wait a tick. 
Google and read up on monero and zero cash.  
The problem has been solved just not implemented yet. 
@_date: 2016-01-12 04:33:29
Move somewhere tropical. Let's say Mexico.  Buy a rental property with Bitcoin and let the rent money roll in. 
Go further south if you like.  I've seen amazing beach front in Nicaragua sell for Bitcoin.   Buy a place and then rent it or sell it for the currency of your choice. 
@_date: 2017-03-18 16:17:56
Don't forget to add to your position.  
Bitcoin is going to zero, or the moon. 
It won't matter what price you bought in at, if we go to the moon it will only matter how much you were able to accumulate. 
So even if it's only 20 bucks,,,, buy.  
Today, tommorow and everyday buy what you can and ride to zero.......or the moon.  
Once you take on this correct investment philosophy you will only buy what you can afford to loose and you will not worry about these little moves.  
It's all about time,  and with a pullback like this we just got more time to go work and save and buy more.  
HODL but also BYUL 
@_date: 2017-03-20 03:17:02
Amen.   To zero.......or the moon. 
HODL. 
@_date: 2016-01-02 05:56:12
Same as cash.  
If you hand someone you don't know cash you had better have the situation fully understood.  
It's just digital cash. 
@_date: 2017-03-13 15:11:48
Just want to encourage the ones
Who HODL.    
The day you decided to buy you knew it could go to zero,  and nothing has changed.  Your not risking any more than you were the day you decided to by. 
HODL the line. 
To Zero, or the moon!!!!!!
@_date: 2017-03-21 14:33:54
The high price is determined by the bid.    Someone is buying. 
Who??  Why are we the target of the FUD?? 
Who is using this fear to gobble up cheap coins??  
If the fear was real there would not be such a strong bid.  
@_date: 2016-03-25 00:46:41
How is the trust handled?? 
I buy these from you pre loaded and have to trust that you have not kept a list of all the keys for a rainy day?? 
Convince me and I'm a customer.  
@_date: 2016-01-15 15:05:57
Thank him.   For the buying opportunity.  
@_date: 2016-03-24 01:46:48
If I make a few thousand % return I think I can handle paying the 4 cents it will take to sell my coin. 
Go get an account at Charles Schwab and see what they charge you and how long it takes to make a trade. 
2 days in some cases, plus slippage on the bid ask spread and commissions. 
Bitcoin on its worst day will be better than Wall Street on its best day. 
@_date: 2016-01-09 18:24:12
I use an app called baseline.  
@_date: 2016-01-15 15:12:36
Don't give mike hern the credit.  Stock markets went up,, Bitcoin goes down.  Bitcoin is just like gold. 
Stocks are not done with their slide yet.  Hold the line and when things get real shitty you'll have bought up some Bitcoin at great prices. 
@_date: 2017-03-12 16:33:09
How soon people forget.   Grab a Bitcoin history book.   This has plenty to do with Bitcoin.  Silk Road put Bitcoin on the map the way porn put VHS on the scene.  
You youngsters don't even know how we got here.  
@_date: 2016-01-18 20:20:49
Go see the movie "The big short",,,  I just watched it last night and I woke up today wanting a Plan B. 
@_date: 2016-06-23 02:36:35
The number of bitcoin's I have has not changed.   I own a X% of 21 million coins and that doesn't change during these huge swings in the comparative value of a worthless and doomed fiat. 
My fortune is exactly where it was a week ago.
@_date: 2016-06-18 16:14:01
I traded stock options, did the whole delta neutral calls and puts and worked to fully understand the system.  What I learned is this,,, there is no way to price an option.  
The market will price it for you, but mostly by showing you what the moron just before you paid. 
It's like a huge used car lot and the price discovery is based on someone before you who may really need the option to hedge some huge bet.  
Your the little guy, at least in the stock options market, and there is now way to know what your buying is priced fair.  
The bitcoin market is even lower volume and price discovery would be very easily manipulated.   If I was the market maker selling Bitcoin options I could create for myself trades with no risk all day long as people buy up options from me at unfair prices.  
Your going to get slaughtered.  They may just shear you at first,,, but once you get yourself into a corner and go all in, and you will, you'll get slaughtered.
@_date: 2016-06-03 13:50:37
If the Governement taxes or steals the perfect amount of our money we get price stability that makes the market better for business in that contracts and future values are easier to commit to.   The government doesn't steal the right amount and debases our currency so this violation of trust ruins the value of the money and the economy they are manipulating. 
So the market provides a solution to the specific problems in the economy.  Their use of violence and their abuse of our trust has spawned the anomaly called bitcoin. 
Bitcoin is the answer to the current problems and will be the cure one way or the other. 
Bitcoin will either force them to be trustworthy and non-violent or be replaced. 
It's that simple.  They can adapt.  Bitcoin may not be needed.  Bitcoin is the Cold War equivalent of mutually assured distruction.  
We all hope for a government we can trust to have our best Intrest at the core of their actions.   This is not what we have now. 
So Bitcoin.   
Bitcoin for trust, Bitcoin for non-violence, and most of all Bitcoin for freedom. 
Bitcoin is the anomaly spawned by the problem itself.   
Therefore Bitcoin is the answer,,,, either by forcing a change or taking over.  
Their choice. Not ours.  
Bitcoin is a demand.  Change or die.  
Bitcoin can go away as soon as it's not needed anymore.   Like a super hero without a vilan. 
But as long as the vilan is present and a threat to our liberty Bitcoin will answer the call to offer a non-violent alternative to the cheating that is taking place by a disgusting group of corrupt officials and a legal system and even local buracruacy that is self serving and rediclous. 
The system is broken,  the broken system is birthing the solution to it's problems.  
And the solution to all the problems is before us,  now it's up to you,  do you take the blue pill and keep the current system in place because the system convinces you it's more comfortable..... Or do you take the red pill and enter the unknown.....??? 
Unknown is scary and we are all here trying to figure it out.   The truth is economics are very complex and deploying the super weapon Bitcoin only makes sense if we hate the current system so much that mutually assured distruction is a step forward.
@_date: 2017-01-18 14:34:52
The MMM ponzi is loose in Columbia, that's part of the reason. 
@_date: 2017-01-20 05:33:44
I would pay 2 or 3 bucks for the download and maybe even a couple bucks per month if you had good alerts and news filters etc.  
@_date: 2016-06-14 21:20:58
Amen!!!!   Grow a pair!! 
I'm ready for a pull back to 200 and these guys are crying about consolidation below 700.  
You think a pause in the rally is gut wrenching??
@_date: 2017-01-27 05:02:57
Mexico took the bait hook line and sinker.   Trump is on another level of negotiating.  He's been in their head from day one and I mean over 12 months of setting them up to walk right into the lion's den. 
Mexico is going to pay for the wall and trump wins,,,,  or they fail to negotiate and end up with the wall and a 20% import tax on their goods, creating jobs in America,, and trump wins. 
Win win win win.  This guy is a machine. 
@_date: 2017-01-24 03:30:03
You can't regulate what is free.  
Try to regulate the fact that I can download any song for free. 
I can download any movie for free. 
If they could regulate anything they would have already done it. 
@_date: 2017-01-16 22:43:24
the inflation is comming.  The deflation is evidence of a slowing of the velocity of money. They will over print, as they always do ,and then inflation will come.    The extra money is under the mattresses of millions of people. When it finally comes back into the system it will flood the market and inflation will be fast and furious. 
@_date: 2017-01-26 01:17:17
you don't get it.  You can't shoot a ghost.   You can't stop someone from downloading a file.  The genie is out of the bottle.   They can shut off the internet and then face the population who will throw them out of power, or they can try to regulate.
  Regulation is something for real world physical things.  You can't regulate zeros and ones that are passing through various channel anonymously in what is essentially another dimension. 
They lost.  We win.  The fight is already over.   You can't fight a war for territory in cyber space where space is limitless.    They are trying to control an idea, and it can't be done.  
You can't show people the wheel, then tell people not to use it.  
this is an invention they can't take away,  we will use it because it's in our best interest to do so.  They simply can't stop us.   They can't point their guns at cyber space, they can't pull the trigger or use violence to effect the anonymous actions of people online.  
Violence is not effective against those who have no identity, and no door to knock down, and no bank account to freeze.   
All the guns in the world can't kill an idea.  
@_date: 2016-11-27 06:33:34
Take the money you can afford to risk and divide it in half.   
Take 50% and buy silver and 50% and buy Bitcoin.  
Keep the ratio regardless of what happens to price at 50-50. 
So if Bitcoin goes up sell a little and buy some Silver to allocate the 50-50 ratio.   If silver goes up sell a little and buy some Bitcoin to keep the total dollar value at 50-50.  
This way you always sell high and buy low and it acts like a pump.  Always taking the swing moves and adding to your net worth. 
This is how rich people trade.  
@_date: 2016-11-25 17:19:34
Economics is philosophy. 
The people who created the world of fiat currency have a flawed idea at the core of their guiding principles. 
They think "the greater good" of many is more important than any one individuals rights.  
Therefore they manipluate the system in a way that harms the most productive and rewards the least productive.  
Those most able and the most productive participants in the economy become the source of income for the weak and lazy.  
Once you get rich there is no reason to keep producing if your over taxed and over regulated by the weak and lazy. 
The rules of the system and the rights of the individual become the target of laws and regulations to help spread the wealth where the rights of the poor and weak majority become more important than the rest.  
This disparity of how individuals are treated is the core reason why economies fail.  
Any economy who at its core has principles of equality and self reliance grows.  Such societies like the early US automatically choose a fair and honest money like gold.  
As the weakness of people in a democracy increases they use their vote to corrupt a once honest system into a system of self reward. 
Slowly the economy dies,,,, but the economy is just a measure of the quality of the core values of the group. 
The economy is a reflection of the core values of the people in the economy.  Weak economies reflect weak people.  
The euro is weak because there are so many lazy people who have given up on being honest and fair and who no longer do their fair share.  Some of this weakness is in the rich who fail to keep the system balanced and some is in the poor who collect handouts when they are able to work. 
The US is not far behind. 
So let's talk Bitcoin,  what core principles of Bitcoin attracted you? 
And wouldn't you say bitcoiners as a group have different core values than most?? 
In general Bitcoin represents progress and fairness and freedom.  That is our core, and that's why Bitcoin is growing. 
@_date: 2016-11-03 04:37:20
This too shall pass.   These morons don't control or even nudge Bitcoin in a direction.  The market is far to developed with real life use cases for these clowns  to move the market. 
If we get a correction I assure you it's not because any of these morons are actually right about anything. 
Bitcoin is bigger than you think.
@_date: 2016-11-26 23:40:34
You may be using a VPN and it doesn't recognize you each time you log on.  
@_date: 2016-11-12 02:17:41
Your next goal is 1 / 2,100,000 
Go get 9 more. 
Then 1 / 210,000 
Just need 99 more. 
@_date: 2016-12-11 06:44:35
Just guess on the high side of what you think it's possible you made as profit.   They will have a hard time proving you wrong and if they do the penalty for being stupid is far smaller than the penalty for being dishonest. 
@_date: 2016-12-27 21:33:07
You need to learn to think in Chinese.  This market is not being moved by the US or any gringos, this action is comming from china. Check out fiatleak.  You will see over 90% of the action is in China. 
They don't care about 1,000 dollars.  They have some emotional response to some other number,, 
But more than their emotional response to some random number perhaps you could look a bit deeper and realize that the reason Bitcoin is going up is because the Chinese are getting their asses handed to them with currency controls and fear of a total melt down on a Trump trade war. 
Bitcoin is Chinese.  The people in the US are fool if they think they control Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2016-12-27 18:04:56
People will save Bitcoin and spend dollars as long as they can.   Just like the silver dime or quarter,  when smart people see it they take it out of circulation. 
When smart people see Bitcoin in the wild it doesn't last long before someone hordes it and replaces it with weaker money.  
For young people saving Bitcoin is smarter than saving dollars or having high risk investments like mutual funds or ETFs.  
Mathematically Bitcoin will have to rise in value.   The dollar is mathematically guaranteed to loose value. 
Forget it as a currency for now,, just use it as a store of wealth.  When people have made 10x profits they will start to spend it beyond the markets ability to hoard it all.   That's when it goes into being the main currency.  It can't do that until the hoarders are so profitable that they start to spend.   
Every time Bitcoin goes way up profitable holders spend some to reap some rewards and that will increase liquidity.  
Right now we are way out of balance and the price is too low to convince hoarders to spend. 
Hoarders don't spend, that tightens liquidity and price has to rise.  When it rises enough hoarders spend some and that drives price down.  
It's the perfect free market balance. 
Free markets tend to have bigger fluctuations but they will always survive where attempts to control the free market always end in disaster but provide temporary relief of large swings. 
Bitcoin is going through a very natural evolution. 
@_date: 2017-11-10 20:39:52
Understanding economics is the best way to know how to trade,  they are about to get a lesson.  
@_date: 2017-11-10 20:36:59
The market is sending some pretty clear signals.  The market will decide, or is in the process of deciding.  
Bitcoin is dead and the fee market is what killed it, and the fee market was created by the 1mb limit.  The mempool is full and fees are so high you can't even sell.  It would be down 50% today if people could actually move their coins.  
Bitcoin cash is going to win.   
@_date: 2015-08-25 00:36:49
Take a look around the market,  and understand that what I am saying is that the dollar is stronger in comparison to other things,,, think of deflation like something becoming more rare.  Like if you had 5 babe rooth baseball cards and someone destroyed 3 of them.  
I think the dollar is doomed,  but I am just saying that in my business and in the market place dollars or more rare and precious than a few years ago.  The dollar is becoming more rare even in the face of the FED printing.  They bailed out the banks but the money never hit main street, it stayed on wall street to finance this bubble.  They kept it all.   We on main street have less and less dollars to trade with each other, the dollar is hard to earn and even harder to save.  
what I am saying is that gold is down, oil, and bitcoin.  It's not anything wrong with bitcoin that made it go down,  it was just that the dollars all the sudden seamed rare.  The game of musical chairs is about over and when the music stops more people are looking for dollars than bitcoins,  so the fight for the last "chair" is over the dollar not the bitcoin.  
Today bitcoin didn't go down, the dollar went up.    This is not always the case, but for today this is why gold, oil and bitcoin were down.    In this case, today, the dollar was so sought after that all other things seemed less important. 
@_date: 2017-11-10 20:48:31
you need to take your shoes off to do the math??  
BCH is up 50% today.  
@_date: 2015-08-24 17:21:44
It's because this is deflation of the dollar.  This means dollars are becoming more rare, and harder to find/earn. 
All assets are down compared to the dollar. 
This is the dollar getting strong,  unfortunately it's strong only because what you are comparing it to in other world currencies are very very  very weak.  
When you see all commodities down, and demand for goods down, and consumption down there is only one answer,,,,,Deflation. 
Cash is king for the next very small amount of time.  
What happens next is the reaction from the government to Deflation. 
What can and what will the government do to battle Deflation??? 
Focus on the "can" part.  Most of their bullets are already spent.   
What can the government do????   
The only real answers are: 
1. revalue gold to 8,000 an ounce to equal money supply. 
2. print huge amounts of money and inject them into the bottom of the economy, via Social securtity increases, VA money, and tax rebates for the lower class.  
or both.   They need a huge cash injection at the bottom levels of the economy, and it needs to be money that will be spent quickly.  Like the bush tax refund checks.  
This next bail out will be the mother of all bailouts, and will create massive inflation.  
so hold your gold and hold your bitcoin for the inflation to come,,,,,,,,,,and buy more.  But don't expect to be a winner on them right away. This process could take a while and I am watching the gold bugs.  When they finally feel the pressure and capitulate and start selling gold to eat the bottom should be in.   
Cash will be king till then.    timing the bottom will be hard. The only safe way to be sure you don't miss it is to cost dollar average in.   Today is not the bottom,  this is just the cracks forming in the damn.  When the damn bursts you will have the opportunity of a lifetime to buy gold, bitcoin, and other hard assets.   
everything will be in a fire sale just before they dump the cash into the system.  "They" will be gobbling up huge amounts of assets and squeeze every last drop out of the "greatest Generation".   
If you have grandparents your about to see them wiped out.  If you have kids get ready for them to move home. 
 
If your on a pension you better consider how you can produce something,  your days of ridding this wave are over.   
The working class is going to have an easy ride compared to those who produce nothing.  The less you produce the harder this is going to be.  
The more you rely on savings the harder this is going to be.  
If you can time the bottom you can turn your cash into assets just before the inflation comes in.  
Don't blow your wad too soon,  Deals are just going to be better and better.  Buy things from people who are taking a loss.  Try to buy when your taking the asset from the third or even fourth person to have sold at a loss.  
Cash is going to look so strong you won't be able to  imagine trading it gold or bitcoin, but thats what the smart money will do right before the government prints tons of money and puts downward pressure on the value of the dollar. 
deflation now,  inflation soon.  not sure when.  
@_date: 2015-08-19 00:27:55
I think it's important to point out that pool are made up of people.  Pools may sway the vote, but the pools are made up of people, individuals. 
Pools are sort of like the electoral college.  Pools are like our elected representative in the House. 
Yes two pools could sway the vote, and the miners in those pools each vote by being a part of that pool. 
Miners have a vested interest.  They are not going to sink the boat they are all invested in.  
they have spent thousands, or even millions.  If bitcoin dies so does their investment.  
They are motivated to keep bitcoin alive.  
For bitcoin to fail greed and self interest has to fail.  
Not a likely scenario.  
@_date: 2017-11-11 16:35:25
I hope your right.  
@_date: 2017-11-13 23:53:24
lol..... that's awesome!!!
@_date: 2017-11-11 16:35:08
I don't trust him,  but I thank him for what he did for everyone here.  Your all in a house he helped build.  
It's so amazing people will come here and not even know what he did for them. 
@_date: 2017-11-10 23:42:55
I've been around a while,  over 5 years.  The fee market is the reason bitcoin is about to die.  and it was created by the 1mb limit.  Core is to blame and core is about to get fired.  
Bitcoin cash is bitcoin now,   segwit, corrupt, corporate bank coin just got harpooned.   It will take a while to bleed out but the outcome is certain death.  
I understand what bitcoin is,, bitcoin is bitcoin cash.  
Satoshi's vision of bitcoin is bitcoin cash.  
Let the free market decide.  The block size limit means high fees, high fees means people use altcoins,  altcoin use means lower market cap for bitcoin,  lower market cap is bad for all of us.  
when was the last time you told a friend about bitcoin??   you can't be proud any more,  you can't tell them it's cheap or that it will free the unbanked and change the world.  Segwit coin is paypal 2.0  with replace by fee to ruin security, high fees to ruin micro payments, and segwit to scale off chain and remove the signatures from a transaction.  
Think about it,,, when did you buy your first coin and why did you do it???  do those reasons still exist in segwit coin???   most likley not, but do they exist in bitcoin cash??  most likley yes. 
@_date: 2017-11-10 17:53:30
When you win 1000x and loose only 1x  your statement is not true
@_date: 2017-11-10 21:57:51
ya bitcoin cash is not really up 50%,  that is just fake news.  
Bitcoin is not really down 8%,  also fake news. 
The free market is not really showing you anything, nothing to see here..... move along.  
@_date: 2017-11-10 23:36:28
I've been here longer than most.  I love the idea of bitcoin, but it is the Hillary Clinton of crypto.  Everyone thinks it can't loose just because it's been here so long.  
Finding out 2x wasn't going to happen was like Trump finding out he won't have to run against Bernie.  
I bought my first bitcoin the week before the silk road got shut down.  I have seen bitcoin die many times before.  I have never jumped ship until now.  I am watching my BTC evaporate in value but watching my BCH more than make up for the loss.  
I win either way,  I just win a little more if the cheaper, better, faster coin wins.  
The reality is they may both win.  Ether classic is still a thing.  
@_date: 2017-11-10 17:45:13
I view bitcoin and bitcoin cash as binary.  When it forked I now have two binary outcomes. 
Bitcoin promised to go to the moon, but now there is a second option that offers another path and I get a ticket to both for no added expense. 
Consider the outcome binary,  each rocket ship either makes it to the moon or blows up on the launch pad.  There are no other half way outcomes.  
You have two tickets and each rocket will either blow up, or make it to the moon. 
You had two tickets, one for each rocket but now you sell one for the other and reduce your chances of making it to the moon by 50%.  
If both rockets blow up there is no difference in outcome.   But if either rocket blows up and the other makes it you just created a 50% chance of failure out of a situation where you had a 75% chance of success. 
There are only 4 outcomes. 
Both rockets fail. 
Both rockets make it to the moon. 
Rocket A fails. 
Rocket B fails. 
If you hold both you have a 75% chance of making it to the moon. 
If you sell one for another you only have a 50% chance.  
It doesn't matter the price of the tickets,  it either goes to the moon or it goes to zero.  
@_date: 2017-11-11 06:11:23
Roger Ver has done more for bitcoin than you or anyone you know ever have.   If you have profit in bitcoin you owe Roger thanks. 
It's so amazing to hear people who have been here for maybe 2 or 3 years talk shit about a guy who was here on day one handing out free bitcoins and talking about changing the world.  If you follow back the people who told you about bitcoin long enough you will find that your own "family tree" will include him.   
"Ver" was a rebel fighting against a corrupt system then, nothing has changed except you have become part of the corrupt system and now see him as a threat to your unearned wealth.   He earned his wealth, you didn't do shit.  (and neither did I for that matter, but I can at least recognize and respect a man who did) 
You don't need to hate on him to prove your point.  Bitcoin has logical reasons to exist without bashing a guy who literally pioneered the first rounds of venture capital to fund the foundation of tools you use every day.  
Your just a typical ungrateful misinformed millennial that couldn't pour piss out of a boot.   
Take an economics class when you graduate high school and we can talk the basics of supply and demand once you have a foundation in economics.  Until you get the basics of supply and demand and replacement goods your just going to continue to waste oxygen.  
I hate to have to resort to insults but you just have no respect, your comment is just a blind side that is typical of the uninformed.  Your an idiot.   Go all in on one bet please and let the odds clean you out.  I'll go ahead and stay diversified.  
The gene pool of the moon will be best served if you don't make it.  
@_date: 2017-11-10 21:35:40
not yet.  I didn't sell more than about 10% of my bitcoin.   I got a pretty nice ratio here and today was a good day. I made way more money on Bch than I lost on BTC.  A smart play would be to get a ratio of 3 to 1 or so,  I guess that would have been good advice yeasterday,  but you can see from my previous posts that I did give this advice many times before today's action.  
@_date: 2017-11-10 16:07:29
I feel much better having a dog in both fights,, this is bitcoin and for anyone to say they are 100% certain of anything is asinine.  
If either coin looses the other wins,  so rather than go all in why not just ride it on out.  
Look at the ratio between the two coins and let one naturally bleed all it's value to the other.  
Odds of winning 100%. 
Go crazy all in one one side, odds of winning 50%.  
Either coin could go to the moon and you just reduced your chance of getting a ride by 50%.  
Vegas was built on bets like yours. 
@_date: 2017-11-10 21:12:09
100%   lol
@_date: 2017-11-10 19:14:28
thanks for pointing out the why.  My point is clear, and so is my perspective.  I'm not trying to force anyone to take my perspective, just putting it out there.  
Game theory is not easy to explain or apply and I'm not saying I am applying it "correctly" although there is no incorrect way.  
I'm just saying that for me,  only for me,  that bitcoin outcome is binary, either we go to the moon and bitcoin becomes main stream or it goes to zero.  I see no middle.   Once you see it that way the outcomes for bitcoin and bitcoin cash are super easy to calculate.  
Is it over simplified and perhaps a reckless way to invest??   yes. 
Does it help me sleep at night while I watch a large bitcoin position get eaten by a much smaller bitcoin cash position??   yes.  
It's hard to watch a large amount of money disappear, and that is what is happening.  Bitcoin cash is eating bitcoin and won't stop anytime soon.   
The way I look at it helps me stomach the moves.  I spent blood sweat and tears to build a position in bitcoin, and to see it vanish is going to be tough.   I hedged my bets and took 10% out of btc and bought BCH so as bitcoin cash wins this race my losses will be outpaced by my gains.   I also was happy yesterday to see my altcoin positions all doing well.  Today not so much, but again the BCH position is a super star and the wins are bigger then the losses.  
The game is not over, but it seems clear that bitcoin cash is not going to stop eating bitcoin anytime soon.  
I expect some big "surprise" moves from the BTC group to stop this bleeding.   Whatever aces they have expect them to play them this week or next.   In response the bitcoin cash people will drop a few bombs as well.  Today is just the opening volley.  
It's going to be a volatile week.   Popcorn ready and positions hedged.   Game on.  
@_date: 2017-11-10 21:41:07
Follow your bliss.   Feeling like a winner has more to do with being a winner than any single other aspect.  
Learn from your losses but feel like a winner no matter what.  
@_date: 2015-08-25 00:42:18
That is a measure of something else compared to the dollar, not stocks compared to dollars.    Today when comparing dollars to stocks, dollars were more sought after than stocks.   When comparing the USD index to other currencies perhaps the dollar was down 2% when compared to other things,  but today, when comparing dollars and stocks,  stocks went down and the dollar went up.   The sell of was created by fear, and fear of not having dollars is the fear these traders have.   Today they didn't have a fear of not having stocks,  they had a fear of not having dollars, so they sold stocks for dollars.  Dollars were more precious today, more sought after, and more valuable. 
@_date: 2016-02-16 04:44:11
Let's try it.   I'm not going to rip you off,,, but im going to try and game the system.  Let's see if I can rip you off.  Send me 20 bucks, and I'll send you the value in Bitcoin at the time of your choosing. 
@_date: 2016-02-18 04:37:33
Word. 
@_date: 2016-02-11 14:39:51
The roses are nice,,   You'll love my dog too!! And I can take you to the range and show you how to sight in your .308 at 600 yards. 
Then I'll show you my backhoe and how fast it can dig a hole,,, or maybe a tour of the pig farm would be better.   So many things to show you!!!!   ;)
@_date: 2016-02-16 04:35:27
Buy in a ratio to your overall situation.  If you have 5,000 in savings then 500 in Bitcoin is smart.  I would also offer this idea,,,  buy 500 now and look for an app called lawnmower,,,  it will help you slowly buy more at a pace that will keep you happy and consistently dollar cost averaging into a nice little position in an investment that seems to be as good or better than stocks, real estate, and gold.  
@_date: 2016-02-07 17:31:54
It's like asking what if bank managers from around the world got together to burn all the money held in the bank safe. 
No one benifits.  Maybe you pull off a few double spends but it's not like you wouldn't leave a huge trail of evidence behind you.   It's just easier to mine Bitcoin than it is to pull off an attack.  That's the whole point.  Why steal a cow when milk is free????  
Why break the law.  Use your hashing power to mine Bitcoin and you don't risk breaking the law and you actually help the system and get paid and no one is looking for you. 
@_date: 2016-02-18 04:44:14
Getting rid of cash or cash substitutes is like trying to get rid of prostitution or cocain.   
They help Bitcoin and cigarettes gain value anytime they regulate cash.  A free market is their only hope to destroy bitcoin and either way we win. 
When there is demand, a market will meet that demand. 
Period. 
@_date: 2017-04-22 14:14:23
Local bitcoins is not a scam. It works and they even have an escrow service to help midigate risk. 
Coinbase is also fine,, as long as you don't mind the IRS having a copy of your transactions.  
If you got to do it cash then use local bitcoins.   If your lazy and don't mind the IRS Coinbase is super easy and you can watch the market and step out of your position slowly to get the best price on their trading platform. 
Don't use market orders.  If you have lots of Bitcoin your market order could tank the price.  Step out 1 or 2 btc at a time with limit orders.  
If you need help with placing the trades get help,,,,, it can be confusing and hard to understand and you can loose or waste thousands of dollars by not understanding the terminology 
You want to sell with a limit order of the price you want to get in a nice calm part of the day.   
Good luck. 
@_date: 2016-02-16 03:46:10
Get a 900 number.  I always joke that I'm going to do that so when people bug me it's fine.  It's like a porn line,,, 5 bucks for the first minute and 2.5 for each minute there after. 
If it doesn't exist you should make it happen. I'll be your first customer. 
@_date: 2017-04-16 17:44:11
Just remember people hold good money and spend the bad money.  You won't get many bitcoins but occasionally you will find a person who is "unloading" them on you.  This person will find you and become a regular and dump coins as a way to slowly exit or realize profit. 
I had a guy do this for me and I slowly ended up making 2.5 btc from him between 250 and 300 per coin.  
He wanted to exit and used me as a way to not suffer from the friction of an exchange.  
I still hold those coins today and am happy to do so. 
Just don't mistake the lack of sales in Bitcoin for some sort of failure.   Most people who understand Bitcoin are just trying to get their hands on some.  Most will not spend it. 
@_date: 2016-02-16 04:28:37
Let's try. Send me 100 bucks and I'll send you some Bitcoin.   If you can figure out a way for me not to rip you off then your on to something. 
@_date: 2016-02-14 16:54:57
What if both forks survive and are kept alive by large enough miners???  We all have double the coins, one coin on each fork.  
I like the idea of letting it fork and letting the miners take all the risk. We the holders take no risk because either way we have a coin and if both forks survive we have 2 coins, one on each network.  
@_date: 2016-02-16 01:53:49
But Bitcoin and maybe a 10% of a few interesting altcoins and wait.   I did mining, cloud minning and it doesn't pay, it's a pain in the ass, and you have better things to do. 
Buy coins and wait.  
@_date: 2016-02-16 04:40:09
So figure it out.   Send me 100 bucks and find a way to get your Bitcoin at the right price and you got it made.   
But when you think about it this is exactly why Bitcoin will replace dollars.  Imagine a world where you had Bitcoin and wanted anything I have.   You could easily send me Bitcoin in escrow and wait for your product from me. 
Dollars suck.  Bitcoin sucks a lot less.  
If we all had Bitcoin this would be easy.  
@_date: 2016-02-16 03:48:32
Give them the option to send an emergency voicemail for free with a warning that anyone spoofing an emergency will be punished,, any sales call gets an automatic "no" if they spoof an emergency.  If they want your time and your respect they can lleave a detailed voicemail for free. 
@_date: 2016-02-16 04:26:45
If your worth less than 1 million your doing fine.  If your worth more than 5 million your a little light. 
5% of your net worth in cryptocurrencies 
15% gold and silver 
5% guns and bullets (lead) 
Watch out for the guys who are trying to turn their lead into your gold.  
@_date: 2016-02-16 04:36:45
Find a local trader on localbitcoins.com
@_date: 2016-02-25 21:02:41
It's only concerning if you don't have any bitcoin's or if you just sold your bitcoin's for some stupid Altcoin that has zero exposure to China. 
Do I want to have what the Chinese clearly want?? 
The answer is yes.  
It's not a dollar hedge, it's not an inflation hedge, 
It's not digital gold. 
Bitcoin is a speculative investment in the worlds largest economy becoming financially "self aware" enough to adopt a clearly better form of money. 
What we say and do in the US means nothing. 
Mike hern and Gavin have nothing to do with the outcome. 
All this arguing in the US is a waste of breath. 
The Bitcoin user in China will make or break Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-04-17 15:58:57
still holding. 
@_date: 2017-04-12 03:30:38
Well it's not like I'm a financial advisor,  or have my job or even my reputation at steak here.  I'll eat some humble pie on being way off.  I really did think 600 or 2500 but clearly I misunderstood the importance of this ETF.   
They good news is that I'm very happy with my position and I hope you are doing well with yours. 
All in all things are very good, humble pie is actually very satisfying.  
Who listens to me anyway??  I could be a 12 year old kid for all you know.  
@_date: 2016-02-06 18:10:00
You sell your coins on local bitcoin's for silver or food or whatever you want. 
Bitcoin is money....people want it now, and if your bank goes belly up demand will be higher more than likley. 
So just hope Coinbase doesn't go belly up.  That is a much larger concern.  Banks are like music and video stores,,, they will all be gone soon.  
If I was you I would print a paper wallet and store your bitcoin's yourself.  
I also got a set of metal punches and punched the wallet ID into a silver bar, In case the paper rots. 
  I have the paper wallet for convenience but the silver as backup.   I buried the silver in the backyard under a rose bush.   
Now we just wait, your bank will close sooner or later. It's inevitable.  Just like blockbuster closing or remember tower records and Wal mart!!!   Too soon for Wal mart but it won't outlast your bank by much.  Amazon and eBay will eat Wal marts lunch.  
@_date: 2016-09-20 12:51:06
It's just 216,000,000,000,000 possible combinations if it's just 3 words missing. 
60,000 words, 3 missing 
@_date: 2016-09-26 04:03:24
Your missing the larger picture.  The freedoms and privacy we intend to claim by using non-government issued money. 
It's not about protection, it's about feeedom and privacy.  I'm a level headed person who has never committed a major crime (speeding aside). I have never been arrested or jailed and I am outstanding memeber of my community.   I'm not interested in Bitcoin for black market, or porn.  I just feel that the current system is broken and corrupt and that our politicians and leaders have been captured by a system that spirals toward idiocracy.  
Bitcoin (or something like it) is the answer to the tape worm that is government.  
It is freedom and a non-violent way to opt out of a broken system and start again this time with honest money as the foundation for a free society where we can all become members of a community where our contributions are valued and our production is not obsorbed by inflation and taxes and supporting useless wars on our own brothers and sisters.  
Bitcoin is not a payment system,  it's a way out of this mess where we don't have to be violent or be victims of violence to make a stand.  
We simply opt out and create a better alternative for ourselves.  
Cyber space is unlimited and there is room for everyone to meet and contribute and create.   There is no need for conflict. 
So PayPal may have a use case for you,,,, but Bitcoin is a tool to create a future where your grandkids or their grandkids won't know what war is.   It is a path to piece and limited government that is forced to be honest.  
It won't be the government checking the blockchain to see how we spend out bitcoins it will be us checking the blockchain to be sure our government is honest. 
Once we have an honest money we can create an honest government.  Once we have that we will have a legacy of untold abundance.  
Bitcoin is the red pill.  Wake up Neo.  
Knock knock.
@_date: 2016-09-14 02:01:41
Great question!!!!
@_date: 2016-09-18 16:02:03
If charts of past action had anything to do with forward action vegas would be broke. 
Take roulette, chart the past Action, (they even post it to lure you into thinking you have valuable information) then make a bet. 
Your bet has the same odds as any other spin regardless of past action. 
If charts predicted the future Vegas would be broke.   
Remember that.   If anything popular chart patterns become traps because they stack people into the table all on the same position.  The casino wins either way,  if the pattern seems to make a correct prediction the next time it comes up the bets are all bigger.  A successful chart prediction just makes the unsuccessful one hurt more later on. 
Charts don't mean anything.  If you want to trade then trade based on allocation. 
Take 10,000 dollars and 10,000 dollars worth of Bitcoin to start.  The two assets have equal value.  Now trade into the future always keeping your balance and have exactly 50% dollars and 50% Bitcoin. 
As Bitcoin goes up you will have to sell some to get back to a 50-50 ratio.  If it goes down you buy to get back to a 50-50 ratio. 
This forces you to buy low and sell high and even if Bitcoin goes down it won't let you buy in a large position, it will cost dollar average you into a larger position. 
Allocation is how rich people trade.
@_date: 2016-09-15 19:02:07
I said the inflation is next.   I agree deflation was happening and is happening but the government will respond and they will create inflation.  They have to.  There is no other choice.   
They will print staggering amounts of money and when they do, and it will be soon, inflation will be fast and will last a decade. 
But then again I'm not an economist I'm a bus boy.
@_date: 2016-09-17 17:18:40
How is this circle iMessage app not bigger news.  1 billion iPhones just turned into banks.  WTF, how could this not be front page of WSJ.
@_date: 2016-09-19 15:20:42
Allocation is so simple I have already explained it perfectly. 
I also use silver as a third vehicle. 
So I am 33% dollar, 33% Bitcoin, 33% silver. 
The silver is hard to trade so I sometimes add cash as an adjustment rather then sell or buy silver.  I try to make my adjustments in dollars and Bitcoin.  
I just pick a point spread to adjust.  Each time Bitcoin moves 10 dollars I adjust my position back to a perfect 33% of each. 
On big price movements up or down that happen quick I sometimes miss adjustments.  
It doesn't matter however,,  you always buy low and sell high.  I am a believer that Bitcoin will go way up and same with silver. 
Eventually I will adjust my allocations out of the dollar so I am just 50% Bitcoin and 50% silver but until the dollar starts to inflate I'll keep trading it.
@_date: 2016-09-27 03:01:16
Your defiantly missing the point here.  It's more than "just" a payment system.  
It's a vote for taking the monopoly of creating money away from those who have it now and making it so anyone can create a money.   
It's a whole new way of thinking.
@_date: 2016-09-20 01:34:31
Test it starting the day Bitcoin hit 1200.  Does it make any money on a huge pullback?? 
@_date: 2016-09-15 14:34:31
Just hold it for a while.  Inflation is the next phase of the unfolding economic termoil.  Those bitcoins will pay twice the debit in a few years. 
As inflation kicks in the value of your debit will shrink and the value of your Bitcoin will go up. 
Hold the line. Keep working and making minimum payments and when the inflation comes pay the debit then.
@_date: 2016-09-05 04:13:47
I agree silver is a buy,  but it's nice to see Bitcoin growing up and acting like real commodity.  
These charts are not showing the movement of bitcoin and silver as much as they are showing the move of the dollar.   
The dollar is fluctuation here against two solid, stable alternatives.
@_date: 2016-09-26 00:05:58
I agree that this information is important and I love seeing it.   Thanks OP for this data and keep it up.   Don't mind the trolls,,  I appreciate you.  ;)
@_date: 2018-02-09 17:40:09
I tried to do the same thing last Thanksgiving and the fee to pay the barber was more than the haircut.   I've given up on trying to convince anyone to actually accept it and just go with the "store of value" and will just hold it to give to my kids.  The high fees are really a problem and I am so glad that they have come way down.  The first thing I did was move some to an exchange so I could finally trade them for something useful for everyday spending.  I think bitcoin has become digital platinum and is so valuable it's not even worth trying to use as money.  This is good for holders but not users.  By the time you replace those coins you spent you will have spent at least 20% in fees compared to the cost of the haircut.  Good job on getting her to hold some coins,  I hope she realizes you paid extra to do her this favor.  One day your going to look back and realize you paid 10,000 dollars for a haircut. 
@_date: 2017-10-23 17:09:34
I'll take that as a complement.  
Tryouts anyone?  Have fun with your fork.....  
Make it fast...  
@_date: 2017-10-16 20:37:52
no you don't get it.  
When fees are high they replace the reward system and reduce the price of bitcoin.   The amount of profit margin the miners find tolerable is the same with or without the fee. 
Take away the fee and the creators of new bitcoin would demand higher prices for their newly mined coins and therefore drive up the price of bitcoin. 
The fee market is not natural at this point, it is all spam, it is all to raise fees, it is a manipulation and must be stopped 
The fee market is going to kill bitcoin.  
Further:  the fee market is supposed to kick in after mass adoption.  
THE FEE MARKET THAT WE HAVE NOW IS TOO EARLY... AND MUST BE STOPPED UNTIL AFTER MASS ADOPTION OR IT WILL KILL BITCOIN.  
@_date: 2017-10-17 23:22:30
You didn't understand what I said,  but don't worry, over the next few years one of two things will happen.  The fee market will be stopped and bitcoin with thrive,  or the fee market will continue and bitcoin will be overshadowed by other much better performing assets such as Bitcoin cash and the alt coins.  
Mark my words,  with fees currently at 7.55 dollars per KB bitcoin will die.    No coin will thrive with fees over .10 cents,  maybe .30 cents if you really push it.  
Testnet just mined a 1GB block,  you think that doesn't mean cheaper fees?? 
supply and demand.  Time to dust off that old economy 101 book of yours.  
@_date: 2017-10-16 02:54:20
it works with email.  It's free to send email spam and it doesn't effect the price to send an email.  still free.  
we all just use spam blockers to filter out the worthless emails. 
same can work with bitcoin,  just make spam not profitable.  
If spam raises fees, and fees kill bitcoin then you can't let this thrive.  You have to kill it.  
the only reason they are using spam is to raise the fees.  Take fees to near zero and you reduce spam. 
@_date: 2017-10-17 01:58:42
Not sure where your coming from.  You have done nothing to prove your point.  
1.  The fee market kills bitcoin (via killing it's usefull-ness) 
2. Spam is only happening because it's profitable.  
3. The formula for taking away the reward for spam is to let the fees happen in a free market way,  the small blocks are an artificial limit and are creating an artificial fee market.  
4. to reduce spam, to take away it's profits, and to allow the free market to decide a true fee based on free market supply and demand you need to have large blocks,  basically unlimited space. 
This can only happen after mass adoption.  You can't have a fee market now.  
If bitcoin continues to have an artificial fee market put in place by a combination of the spamers and the block size limit bitcoin will die and be replaced by bitcoin cash.  
If bitcoin can just get it's shit together and realize the truth of all this they could survive.  They could be "the one".  
It doesn't look like this will happen, so for you I hope you follow your leaders blind like you are now.  A fool and his money are soon parted.  You are about to loose all your money if you don't deversify and see the writing on the wall.   Free market will win, and bitcoin block size limit is not free market, and is causing the spam.  
Please sell all your other coins and go all in on bitcoin,  for you I can see that this is the best idea.  Go ahead.  Time will tell.  
When bitcoin dies all the educated morons will come and out an explain that the fee market happened before mass adoption and thats why it failed.  Maybe then you will remember me.  I'm just a chump,  but I now the free market, and I know it will prevail.  
Bitcoin is the free market answer to fiat.   Your an idiot if you think the free market is done and won't innovate further.   The free market will create solutions for all these problems including the spam.  
The answer to spam is not higher fees,  the answer is lower fees.   
@_date: 2017-10-17 02:05:33
I'll watch it,  and no hard feelings ever for me.  I have been in business since I was 12.  I know a thing or two about markets, third world markets, black markets and grey markets.  
When you live in the US you are blind to the free market.  
When you are born and raised in the third world you see things different.  
I assure you bitcoin 4 years ago was the answer to 1,000 problems or more.  Today bitcoin is the answer to about 2 problems.  1. where can rich white guys speculate and buy a lambo, and 2. where can Chinese press their cheap access to electronics to make money 
Other than that bitcoin with 10 dollar fees doesn't solve any problem Visa and Master card didn't already solve.  
The fee market was supposed to happen after mass adoption.  
The small blocks have created a problem, a premature fee market. 
The small blocks were not part of the original design and were added late in the game to prevent spam killing the network in the early stages.  we are beyond that now and can let the block size increase.  
 
@_date: 2017-10-23 22:04:47
watch the video.... for laughs...... it doesn't matter who wins!!!  
we all win when we take the power of money creation away from governments. 
@_date: 2017-10-16 00:18:23
The spam comes from people trying to raise fees. 
therefor if you spam was not able to raise fees there would be no spam. 
Conclusion, make fees so small and blocks so large that spam is not a effective way to profit miners.  
@_date: 2017-10-16 18:04:54
Your missing my point.  This is a system of rewards.  Rewards are given to miners when they spam the fee market.  
Simply take away the reward.   
@_date: 2015-04-08 02:42:18
Yes thanks Gavin.  If you had a page where we could just donate to pay you we would. 
Put up a goal per year of income, and a count so we can see if your ahead or behind your goal for the year and I'm sure you will get the income you need to keep up the good work. 
Also, for the trolls conversation,  why not have a currency to post and when people constantly mark you as a troll it costs more to post.  Not real money, just a reddit coin you get when people appreciate your contribution. 
When you get down voted or flagged as a troll it costs more to post.  If your adding to the conversation you get points for good input. 
Those who do nothing but troll will get pushed out while those who contribute and argue good points will get to stay, even when they occasionally say negative stuff. 
@_date: 2015-04-21 04:46:22
Thanks !!!!! 
@_date: 2017-10-28 04:34:04
Thugs arent  stupid.  They already have altcoins and the same position they started with in BTC in Bitcoin Cash.    They are happy to let segeot fail and get on with business.  They love nothing more than decisive victory.  Its all this pissing and moaning they hate. 
@_date: 2017-10-17 02:10:35
I wouldn't say thousand of peraminters,  maybe a dozen.  
your trying to make it so complex only you can understand it. 
This is simple supply and demand,  and replacement goods.  
This is economics 101,  you can't have a high fee for something that has a replacement for near free.  
You just can't sell milk for 25 dollars a gallon when anyone can just go get the same product for 2 bucks.  
The fee market is going to kill bitcoin and the replacement good is already in the market place.   The only reason people pay these fees is that they are trapped.  It won't last forever.  
in the next 10 years the fees on crypto transactions will be much less,  not much more.    
@_date: 2017-10-23 17:03:11
wow,  I do just the opposite.  
They are free minded and allowed to say whatever crap they want.  
Over here all I see is an echo chamber.    There may be less crap here but there is in total less information as well.  
@_date: 2015-04-21 04:46:01
I do junk removal.   Clean up people's yards etc. 
@_date: 2015-04-25 16:00:45
Taxes into a honest government would be fine,,,,,so lets be pro honest government rather than anti government. 
we can change it,  we can make it right, and it starts with honest money. 
@_date: 2017-10-16 18:14:54
reduce the reward reduce the behavior.  
increase the reward (small blocks) increase the behavior
Fees kill bitcoin,  the fees are premature, due to spam.  
Fees come into play naturally when the block reward approaches zero.  Not before.  
Kill the fees, kill the spam
@_date: 2015-04-15 15:24:34
You can't buy cyber space.  There is no limit to it's size or quantity.   You can't have a war in cyberspace over territory because territory is effortless to create. 
They can't buy Bitcoin out.  I'm not selling.  
The price would have to go so high that the next 10 generations of my family could be filthy rich,  then maybe I would use some of my Bitcoin, but still not sell it directly to them.  
Them "buying" it is not something that happens at today's market cap.  The idea that they are buying it means the price would go way up very fast.  
Large holders may sell some, but never all, and they would need some coins to circulate for use, so it's more like gold. 
Why doesn't Microsoft buy all the gold in the world and have a total gold monopoly???? 
Once they bid on it in scale enough to buy it out the market will see the buy pressure and raise the price.  The more they bid the higher the price.  
It's like trying to propel something to light speed, sooner or later the energy (money) required is infinite. 
So them buying out Bitcoin can't be done.  Period.   The price would go to infinity.  Bitcoin would become worth as much or more than world GdP.  
@_date: 2015-04-21 04:43:17
Glass half full,  that's how I roll.   You misunderstood my optimism for "talking my own book" trying to pump it up. 
I see how you could read it that way,  and I should have said it different........
Let me try again; 
With honest money hard working Americans and my family in the third world will have the chance to work hard and reap the benefits of a real "Money" that is honest and a true store of value. 
This honesty alone is enough to turn the tide and make America great again, and not just America, but all countries struggling with this theafdom.  
Compared to our dishonest money, the tax problem, war problem, drug problem, global warming, and rampaging zombies are tiny little details.  
Honest money is the foundation for prosperity.  Without honest money the equation to flourish can not be achieved. 
So strike from the record my comment about going to 10,000 and replace it with this; 
I can't wait for my kids to work hard and reap what they sew.   It will be a glorious time to see the hard work take hold and savings compound to the point where we can all have a higher quality of life........this starts with honest money and ends with said honest money gaining a foot hold,  some will see this as a rise in price, 
But others will see this as manifest fuckin destiny.   
We can work, save, and invest and reap what we sew.  
But not in a system where lawyers and insurance and bankers make all the money.  The production of real goods and services are the foundation and true wealth is finding your place in that supply chain. 
Sorry for the rant but that's my 2 cents.  
I want America back.   I want to be proud.  I want to see a movie where at some foreign checkout some A-hole says "I'm an American" and suddenly everything is ok.  
I want to eat a .99 cent whopper and whistle the tune to Andy freaking Griffith and have kids know what it is.  
I want to vote for a president that didn't just win the "I'm the slickest asshole in the room" competition. 
I want to take my kids on a road trip.  For weeks. And see the national parks.  This was a birth right just 30 years ago. 
But I can't because I am treading water paying taxes, interest, and insurance premiums that total more than 50% of my income. 
My savings is wasted, my 401k is Shiite, and social security will never make it long enough to give me a retirement. 
So I didn't mean to say "to the moon 10,000"  to pump my own investment
I was simply saying that with honest money maybe I got a chance, and earning 1,000 dollars today is nothing compared to earning 2 bitcoins because they are real money.  
Honest money.  
Again, glass half full and I don't care what the price is.   Bitcoin is real money and I would rather work for it than fiat. 
So that should give you a few more things to complain about ;) 
Something something something and you get the horns.  
Happy day.  
@_date: 2015-04-09 14:35:15
So your comfortable with your government printing new money, that devalues the money you earned and hold? 
Then your comfortable with them using this money to create a massive army and then use this army to manipulate free trade to the point most of the rest of the world hates and envy's us. 
Are you comfortable with taxing the hardest working of the population to feed the laziest in our population? 
I'd these things make you comfortable stick with the dollar. 
@_date: 2015-04-25 17:15:32
we would all be rich if we all used correct principle.  I am not a bitcoin adopter, I am a "correct principle" adopter.  Being anti-money is negative, being pro-bitcoin is posative.  I like to be posative so I am not anti anything. I am Pro-bitcoin.  Bitcoin is better, so lets all use it and lets all profit.  
It's like driving a car with one foot on the brake and one on the gas.  We want to grow the economy but we have so much friction we can't.  
It's simple,,,take your foot off the brake.    
The brakes are anti-growth and anti-progress.  Simply stop using the thing that holds you back, and start using the thing that propeles you forward. 
I don't care about the gain of my coins going up in value.   That is like having a bucket of water that goes from 5 gallons to 500 gallons.  A good gain but your still standing there with no momentum.  The gain of the bitcoin is not the value. 
Imagine a river flowing and my bitcoin is like dipping a water wheel into that river.    It doesn't matter if my water wheel cost me 5 dollars or 500 dollars to build,   once it's build you can reap the benifit of the movment of the river. 
People like you don't get it.   It's not the water in the river that matters,  it's the movement of the river that provides energy. 
I'm not trying to build a bucket to hold water,  I'm trying to build a way to tap into the movement of the economy to gain energy.  If I have a water wheel and right down steam you also have a water wheel, my use of the river doesn't change your use of the river.   There is no lack,  there is no reason for me to be rich and you to be poor.  we can all use the movement of the river.  The bitcoin economy is limitless in it's vurtual nature, there is unlimted positions for your "water wheel" to be build.  
stop complaining about how big my water wheel is, and start building your own.  You can start now, or you can start later,  but hear me............one day you or your kids will be building a water wheel on this river............it's way cheaper to start now.  
you don't have to "Get it" or even know exactly why,  but for your kids sake and their kids sake you need to participate in the evolution of the economy.   Your great grand kids are not going to be spending paper dollars.  Face it.  Even if bitcoin fails you need to sharpen your skills and prepare your family for the changes that are comming.  
@_date: 2017-10-18 18:22:26
last work 
@_date: 2017-10-23 23:00:06
how could you say that and not see that your own group is a little blind at times. 
I see both sides,  I see why small blocks and high fees may add value, but I also see the demand for fast cheap transactions. 
I want to have a dog in both races,  For you to say that is delusional is delusional. 
@_date: 2015-04-21 03:30:51
So funny. 
@_date: 2017-10-16 02:52:02
Honey badger gives no cares.  
to zero or the moon 
@_date: 2017-10-16 20:35:53
what other spam is there??  there is no other profitable spam 
@_date: 2016-10-28 14:38:55
It will happen eventually.  It's a Confedance game.  It takes willing buyers to create a market.  That's really all that is needed.  Once you have a willing buyer due to lack of liquidity or lack of leverage or risk someone will eventually be willing to buy such product and at that moment some banker will meet that demand. 
The buyer is the problem,  not the seller. 
@_date: 2016-10-18 04:49:16
Let me know next time your willing to take that much of a beating.  I'll do it for half the mark up.
@_date: 2017-10-23 17:05:48
you can't get banned,  I've tried by saying some pretty crazy outlandish things and they just don't moderate that way.   There is no  penalty over there for not towing the party lines.  
You really do have to sort through 10x more crap to find the nuggets of wisdom, but there are 10x the nuggets of wisdom to be had over there,  so it depends on how lazy you are and how bad you really want information. 
@_date: 2016-10-16 17:36:12
If we mine with quantum computers and profit huge by taking over minning then the owner of a quantum computer would profit more from minning than they would from destroying the network.  
One you start using a quantum computer to steal the network and the value of the coins you stole go to zero. 
You would be more profitable and smarter to just use it to mine. 
You can shear a sheep many times, but you only get to skin it once.
@_date: 2017-10-17 23:17:05
No it's bitcoin cash, or Dash.  
Paypal is way too expensive to use.  
The fees for bitcoin cash are a fraction and the use case is the same, and the security is the same,  no breaches so far.  
What exactly does Bitcoin segwit do that Bitcoin cash does not do? 
Nothing..........  The replacement good is currently .004 dollars per KB while bitcoin segwit is currently 7.56 dollars per KB.  
Both with zero breaches in security and solve all the same problems. 
The only thing bitcoin segwit has is the 1st mover advantage.  
@_date: 2016-10-04 03:59:36
Let's hope the IRS isn't reading this,,, you just painted a bull's eye on yourself. 
Everybody gets a paycheck.  Just go cash your paycheck each payday and spend your savings.  
Go to Vegas for holiday and withdrawal your life savings at ATMs at 3am and blame
It on hookers and cocain.  
Get a devorce and blame the cash withdrawals on your X wife, then head to Vegas and actually spend it all on hookers and cocain!!!
@_date: 2015-03-12 19:38:28
stay classy Coinbase!!! :)
@_date: 2016-10-26 02:30:25
Get trezor.  Does all that and more. 
@_date: 2016-10-13 04:23:20
I would really like to see this guys opinion of an ETF of US dollars.  Dollars don't even represent shares of our GDP, the just represent IOU to the fed. 
If this guy has an argument against Bitcoin let's apply the same argument to the dollar. 
What is a bitcoin? What is a dollar? 
They both have no real value and are a bet on future speculators thinking they are worth something.  
I bet 640 dollars that a Bitcoin is worth more than 640 dollars in 10 years.   That's how I feel,,,   If this guy doesn't like Bitcoin then don't buy any and go away.
@_date: 2016-05-05 14:37:21
No one wants to know the great wizard of oz is just a cranky Australian with a bad attitude.  
Denial is step one.   
The good news,,, Satoshi isn't the NSA or some other trap created by the system.  
@_date: 2015-03-10 00:41:00
anyone can fork the blockchain at any time,  so really you and me could fork the blockchain at the current block and make our own coin,  it just wouldn't be bitcoin.  It would be our own coin and no one would want it, or mine it.  
so anyone could make Bitcoin2 at anytime,  or just take the source code and start a new altcoin,  and that is what people are doing, but bitcoin is still the leader.  So if your on the winning team it's not logical to jump off.  The network effect means that we are all better off if we stick together,  there is a huge benefit for everyone to stay on this boat.   Those who leave rarely outpace bitcoin aside from a few scamcoins that were pump and dump scams. 
@_date: 2015-11-12 15:54:18
@_date: 2015-03-06 18:36:43
I get your point,  and I understand that your use is in the grey area.  I understand and for those darker grey areas coinbase is clearly not the best, and they are doing it on purpose.  They are the McCoin drive up bitcoin ATM for white uses.  The darker your uses the more it pays to use someone else.  
This is on purpose.  
But for white hat, in the open, paying your dish bill type stuff just to encourage acceptace,  Coinbase is clean, easy, fast, and has handrails to keep you safe while you learn the currency. 
answer me this,  if you had to give a 10 year old kid a million dollars in bitcoin and have them spend it, receive it back, and transact with bitcoin where would the fewest losses occur???? 
Bottom line is that Coinbase is a 10 year old proof way to keep coins safe.  Valut them up, and they are safe, any 10 year old can deal with the level of savy it takes to lock up coins, send coins, etc. 
Other systems may offer more features, but at the expense of the "dummy proof" handrails that are in use at Coinbase.  
I accept your statement, and I agree,  but there are uses for Coinbase and this is one of them. 
@_date: 2015-03-09 05:41:27
I see your point.   For people who are super savy I get it.   I'm just not.  
I link my bank account, and when I want coins I can get them very quickly.  
We are not talking hundreds of thousand of dollars, this is just a savings account and if bitcoin makes it maybe I can put my kids through college.   If what I have ever goes way up to be worth ten of thousands of dollars or even hundreds and beyond I'll be sure to take the keys.  For now I feel pretty secure that my 400 bucks is safe. 
@_date: 2016-05-03 19:00:36
That's the dumbest thing you have ever said.  This guy is hands down the funniest, smartest edge comedy on TV today. 
Just because you don't get it doesn't mean it's not funny. 
Go back to his time on with the John Stewart show and see his genius,,,  
Take another look!!!  Your missing the boat. 
@_date: 2015-10-04 16:27:38
I like the idea of thinking of money as energy.  Bitcoin as a store of value is a store of your labor or energy used to earn that bitcoin. 
There is one disconnect I have always thought of but could never really put into words until you sort of framed the whole idea up. (and it's still a scattered thought) 
If money is energy, and the economy is like a flow of this energy,   the use of the energy, the participation in the economy would benifit everyone. 
The problem is with the store of value aspect.  
Today if I want to store energy, real electricity, I have to buy an expensive battery, or some other form of expensive storage.  
bitcoin is a free method to store energy and I'm not sure that it's natural, and will work in the long run. 
In nature storing energy is something the whole ecosystem fights against.  Nature it self is the great un-storer of energy.  A great tree may take hundreds of years storing the suns energy into it's mass, but gravity and all of nature wants that tree to fall.  The tree is under constant attack from microscopic nematodes to bugs, to pests like rodents. 
Nature wants the return of it's energy to the "flow" that is the great natural economy we call life.  
What I am trying to say is that in nature there is a penalty for storing energy, it is expensive in that you have to build a vessel, and then you have to defend it. 
Bitcoin is a bit unnatural because the encryption defends the coins.  As if you were a great tree that when you die, your wood and body and stored energy would just disappear rather than be cycled back through the economy.  
Because bitcoin is so secure there is no penalty for storing the energy..............and that seems un-natural.  It may also lead to more and more storage and less and less usage, this is bad for the whole economy. 
It has been said that the great depression was caused by the hording of assets,  and once the hording starts it accelerates to create a supply problem.   It seems that in the natural world hording comes with the cost of building a vessel and the constant defense.  Hoarding is so expensive in the natural world that most organisms don't store energy long,  a hummingbird for example uses tons of energy very quickly and has no fat to speak of. It has to consume to live and it spends the energy quickly.  This is natural and efficient use of energy and the whole system benefits.  A squirrel stores a years supply of nuts, but can't store 2 years worth.   Very few things store energy beyond one cycle of season.  
Bitcoin is giving you a near free vessel, and the guarantee that you need not defend it.  Parasites and predators are deterred by the ultimate "if you kill me the energy disappears" rule.  
so parasites and predators have no incentive to kill, in fact they would need to quickly evolve into symbiotic organisms that offer some advantage in order to get some of the energy "hoarded" by the tree.   
By creating a free vessel and a "kill me and no one gets the energy" rule you have taken the cost of security out of the system and also taken out the cost of the vessel used to store the energy. 
This is not natural,,,,,,but nature is a violent place, kill or be killed, eat or be eaten.   
Is this the reason bitcoin may end violence?   if I kill you but don't gain anything why would I waste the effort??
If I have a bar of gold, and you have a gun you can always kill me and take the gold. 
If I have a bitcoin and you have a gun,  I have a choice to make,  you will need to reason with me.  You may threaten me, or convince me,,,,,,,but you have to use reason.  Violence is no longer the end all universal language.  Perhaps reason will become the ultimate tool for getting what you want.  
@_date: 2016-10-14 23:53:50
Awesome thanks!!
@_date: 2015-10-04 20:08:08
Thank you for your thoughts and foot notes.  I'm going to read all of your referenced material before I respond.    I really have to say that from a quick peek at your referenced material I feel like I jumped into a wormhole.   I guess I sort of just scratched the surface and I want to thank you for pointing me any any direction,  let alone this apparently very useful and informative one.  
It's so nice to have a non argumentative, informative and thoughtful post in response to a total brain fart of a post.   
I don't deserve your time, but thank you for it.  
u/changetip, one happy ending  
 
@_date: 2016-05-11 04:26:38
Leave te coins.  At least that way we will know the day the quantum computers are able to crack that level of security.  It's a bounty. 
Second,  it's better to distribute the coins and trust in the self preservation of who ever gets them not to dump the market.  
Self preservation can always be guaranteed. It's the one thing people always do.
@_date: 2015-10-28 02:13:45
Build an API for uphold (bit reserve) that automatically allocates my funds so I can build my own basket of currency that will adjust on its own. 
Example:  
1/3 Bitcoin
1/3 silver 
1/3 US dollar. 
When one of these assets moves it automatically makes an adjustment to get me back to 1/3 each. 
Bitcoin goes down,,, you buy some 
Silver goes up you sell some. 
You always buy low and sell high and you could have allocation adjustment settings to trigger a reallocation based on time, % move, price target etc. 
I create my own inflation hedge and let the computer adjust it automatically. 
@_date: 2015-02-04 03:48:32
Thank you, I'll pass it on. 
@_date: 2015-03-06 05:30:29
I do, for larger amounts.   but I like to have a few hundred bucks at the ready.  Just in case a zombie kidnaps my girlfriend and demands a ransom in bitcoin..........you know, that whole chestnut.  
@_date: 2016-05-05 02:28:26
Amen.  You got it!!!!   It's honest. 
@_date: 2016-05-04 01:23:35
So now your laughing!!!!   Sweet you get it!! 
@_date: 2015-02-18 16:43:54
Damn it...........I just got done telling my wife,  "I'm good, I won't buy anymore bitcoins, I have enough"  
then I hear this and I want to double down!!!!    It's hard not to Feel bad about the price pull back.  It's sucks to feel "not correct" about what I think bitcoin will do. 
When bitcon is at all time highs it means everyone who ever bought a bitcoin is "right".   and when we pull back fewer and fewer of us are still "right" about bitcoin. 
at 250 everyone who bought it in the past year is wrong. 
So I don't feel as righteous as I did at 1250, so I tell my wife....."ok ok ok, I won't buy anymore".  
then I hear this speech and it's like the most obvious investment I have ever seen.  I want to double down.  
The most important thing to remember is that bitcoin can and will evolve to exceed the ability of it's regulators. 
Bitcoin is just as flexible as any program, and it's incentive is to benefit the holders of the coin.  
If governments over regulate it will grow to become totally anonymous and totally out of reach.  
As it sits now, it is very government friendly.  The governments need to understand that if they clamp down they are going to create an impossible situation for themselves.   
They can stay quiet and let bitcoin stay docile and transparent,  or they can clamp down and watch it totally disappear out of their sight and reach. 
Checkmate.  
@_date: 2015-02-07 01:25:07
my iphone is a hardware wallet,  using coinbase, thumb print ID, and a vault for larger amounts.  
@_date: 2015-02-10 01:16:31
there are two risks here.  Going to jail and loosing your funds.  If he just had a brain wallet he would not have lost any funds.  
I would have gotten arrested rich, and waiting for the verdict and still been rich,  and if they send me to jail I would be the richest man in jail for sure.  
Using bitcoin from jail would not be that hard. 
They may arrest you,,,but it's not necessary to give them your money.  I bet he would have gotten a better plea bargain had he still had all the control of the money. 
so separate the two risks,  one being getting arrested for being stupid, and the other is loosing your money.  The two no longer have to go together.  
@_date: 2015-02-25 17:30:57
Faith is the only real currency.  
Bitcoin is earning new faith everyday.  It has a model that spreads and as faith in bitcoin grows that faith has to come out of something else. 
You can't worship two all powerful gods.   
We won't have it both ways,  the tighter the government graps the people the more who will slip between their fingers.  It's the act of the government trying to contain the people that will end up driving the people from their control.  
Bitcon doesn't want power, and therefor power is granted by the people. 
The government always wants power, and therefore power will always be stripped away by the people. 
@_date: 2015-02-07 01:27:42
Everyday bitcoin doesn't die the odds of it's success go up.  The easy time to have killed bitcoin was 4 or 5 months ago. 
Had anyone wanted to kill it,  this pull back was either them trying, or proof they couldn't do it.  
In any case, it's bullish that Bitcoin made it this far, and if it can survive those hits, I doubt it will get taken out by news of any sort.  
@_date: 2015-02-03 21:08:31
I agree,  I knew better, I was just asleep at the wheel. 
@_date: 2015-02-06 20:18:36
I love coinbase,  They just saved my ass when I got hacked and got .53 bitcoins stolen.  They covered my loss and they clearly didn't have to.  
They are trying hard to be legit......and if your new to bitcoin they are like a big giant safety net.  
Coinbase is going to make things easy to track, easy to buy, easy to sell and easy to use.  
So you may not see Coinbase as your end all solution to what you need out of bitcoin...............but don't you see the big picture here?,,,,,,,,,,,don't we need a white Knight??
I don't think bashing them is a good idea,,,,,if your talking to your boss, or your priest about bitcoin I think pointing them in the direction of your shiny white knight is a good idea.  If your talking to college kids who want to buy weed and fake IDs then maybe Darkwallet is best for them.  
I'm just saying,,,,,don't bash them for doing what they do, find a use for them.  
They have a purpose, and it's pushing bitcoin out of the shadows and thats good for all of us.  
Rather than say Coinbase is bad, you can simply say Coinbase is sort of the squeaky clean place to buy and sell and trade bitcoin. 
if you don't want squeaky clean then go somewhere else.  
But don't you think a squeaky clean option is good to have, and is good for bitcoin even if you don't use it??? 
I don't only eat Kosher,,,,,, but I see why it's good business to have a Kosher option on the menu.  
Coinbase is that option......for people who have nothing to hide and just want the ease of use of crypto.  
@_date: 2015-02-03 21:09:35
no,  I had two factor.  The link tells you to log in, and when you do you put in your two factor,  they are essentially looking over your shoulder as you do this, and once the account is open the malicious application goes in and wipes out your account. 
@_date: 2015-02-07 01:20:54
echo   
@_date: 2015-02-04 03:43:50
The answer is simple........
Lets say I'm in Costa Rica, I go to the beach and get my backpack stolen.......and at the same time my dishonest maid is stealing back at my hotel room.   Hardware wallet gone........Iphone gone...........
Bitcoins on hardware wallet gone...........bitcoins on coinbase locked with fingerprint on iphone totally safe.  
I go to a friends house, get online, and have all my money.  
I can be in the middle of the jungle, get robbed so bad I'm naked, but I'm still rich as soon as I get to a computer.  
with a hardware wallet i'm broke.  
I've been rich, and I've been broke..............Rich is better.  
and don't get me wrong,  I don't have all my eggs in one basket, but if I'm headed to the third world I'm bringing enough to bribe my way out, and a hardware wallet aint the thing for traveling. 
Keep the coins online and don't carry anything of value, thats the best way to not get robbed while traveling.  So hardware wallets just don't do the trick. 
@_date: 2015-03-09 14:51:13
Leadcoin..............he who has the lead makes the golden rule. (the golden rule being he who has the gold makes the rule) 
@_date: 2015-02-25 21:10:03
@_date: 2015-03-09 05:29:28
I run my own little permaculture farm, and we joke around here about taking silver and bitcoin instead of dollars, but the same old realization comes around......Foodcoin. 
If you got good food, you have a way to trade for whatever the current economy values.  It may be gallons of fuel, bullets, zomibe scalps..........who knows what the future brings. 
Foodcoin,  when you absolutely, positively need to feed every mother fucker in the room,  accept no substitute. 
Try taking your shares of your farm and make them a colored coin, then they can be transferable, and shares to your farm would actually be money too!!!  
@_date: 2015-10-04 23:58:49
This was my reply before I realized how unintelligent it would be to not read your references before responding.   Maybe you will enjoy it while I read up on your reference material:::::  
Thank you for your thoughts and foot notes.  Normally when I put my thoughts down here I get negative trolling.  I am very happy to have a real conversation here.  That being said: 
Evolution is ongoing, and many changes are taking place now,,,   The natural world is a violent place, eat or be eaten.   
Sugar it seems is the basis of the economy of the natural world.  The "miners" are those who posses the ability to photosynthesize.  Once these "sugar coins" are mined by plants they enter the economy of the food chain and are exchanged and accumulated and horded and decomposed and exchanged again.   The economy it self seems to be violent in nature when you see these transactions, and their defenses against exploitation.   The whole world seems to be fighting for this sugar energy as if it was humans fighting wars for money or natural resources.   
We can observe these transactions in the natural world and see that some are not violent, but the mass majority is in fact usually a life or death exchange.   Some ants and other complex social creatures have transcended beyond violence as the means for survival.   They harvest leaves from a tree without killing it, and often times provide a service for the tree like parasite management or clearing the forest floor of competing plants and animals. 
so the question is this.......is evolution pointed in the direction of less violence or is it pointed in the direction of more violence???? 
 If evolution seems to be pointed in the direction of less violence, then couldn't bitcoin be viewed as an obvious step down the path of evolution toward a point in time where perhaps money it self is no longer needed???
Not that bitcoin is the end all be all of money,,,, but isn't it the logical next step,  less violent,  more reason, and a huge progress over what we currently have???  
no one can see the step beyond bitcoin or beyond this new type of energy transfer where violence is not rewarded, but there will be one.  
How to you think evolution is positioned??   does it have a trajectory??  historically is the world becoming more or less violent??   
Before man started taking over the earth there were other animals in man's place.  Each transacting and trading within the natural world for this "sugar coin".   Is there more or less transactions now than there were when the rain forest was 100 times bigger?? 
it seems to me that man has actually shrunk the size of the natural economy and consolidated and simplified by specializing and dividing labor.  
so if we are shrinking the economy where do our actions of innovation that help us evolve separate into actions of self deprecation as we hurt our environment and use violence as the means to our end?? 
what is driving evolution beyond our own desire for a better world?? 
If evolution has a trajectory, and it is pointed toward less violent times then seeing a new form of money where violence is not rewarded is a logical step, and arguably it's the next logical step. 
It's a bitcoin forum, so to stick to a conversation about bitcoin,  after having seen the world as one giant economy, and seeing that the natural world already trades in sugar,,,, and that violence is rampant in most transactions........
Can we really assume that bitcoin is a logical next step and can we also hope that a drastic reduction in violence is now possible??
I tend to hope so..........and if I could show my support by buying the ticket to the movie I hope to see then I'm a buyer of bitcoin if for no other reason than to say yes to peace, yes to the eradication of violence, yes to a flourishing naturally balanced eco-system including many evolution of money to come. (bitcoin just being the next step)
I'm not saying that bitcoin is the one answer to all these problems,  I am just saying that when you see the evolution all around us isn't the tendency for things to get better??  and isn't bitcoin a step in the right direction???  
thanks again for your thoughtful reply,  I'm not much of a writer but I love the ideas here.  
@_date: 2015-02-09 01:41:34
it's a cycle.  hoarders horde. velocity goes down, value drops, hoarders panic and sell or spend,  velocity goes up, value goes up, greed kicks and and hoarders start to hoard again.............
Greed to fear back to greed.  
Buy on fear, sell on greed.  
@_date: 2015-02-07 01:23:59
thanks.........don't tell anyone but I'm actually a third grader.  
@_date: 2016-05-13 14:07:06
Find some partners down there and get them some bitcoin's to sell.  Try localbitcoins.com
@_date: 2016-05-05 16:12:24
You got to love it.  
@_date: 2015-02-03 21:39:49
I would love to know exactly how many coins were lost,   I think maybe the hackers lost on this one.  They may not have even covered their costs.   Chalk one up for the good guys!!!!
@_date: 2015-02-25 21:09:29
Lets see, the regulatory institutions put in place by the government allow huge money laundering through the worlds largest banks, When the banks get caught the government empowered regulatory bodies take "fines" in the form of payoff to pay for their sins. They take a cut when they want, to "dip their beak" 
how is that not evil, and how is that not a conspiracy???????
@_date: 2015-02-25 17:15:57
Tails comes with a wallet!!  this just in. 
this is the most secure way to do it. 
@_date: 2015-03-09 05:34:28
Fact: 73.6% of statistics are made up on the spot. 
@_date: 2015-02-03 20:35:42
yes. I am.     
I'm not in a very "politically correct" mood right now. 
@_date: 2016-07-02 16:40:58
Coincap 
Super cool balance and "altfolio" app that will track every tick and give you total networth.  
I'm hooked on it.
@_date: 2015-02-04 01:17:12
I understand your comment, but that is not the point of bitcoin.  I have the coinbase app on my iphone 6, it uses my thumb print to lock my coins.  I can get my phone stolen and no one can spend my coins.  The whole point is to have spendable bitcoin on a portable device.  
I had about .5btc in this "spending" wallet and the rest in a vault account that had extra layers of security.  
The extra security worked perfectly even when the attacker was in my account.  
The point of having bitcoin is to spend it, so you have to have it accessible, and today with the stop gap on the vault coins I lost only what I had in my spending pocket.  
Same goes for your real wallet.  I don't carry 5,000 dollars but on occasion I have a few hundreds bucks.  If i get mugged I only loose what I have in my wallet, not whats in the bank.  
Really this is a huge step forward for bitcoin.  A hacker was in my account,  I had a total of 8.5 btc and they only could steal .5.  
This is a major graduation, like when email went from needing programming skills to when a service like AOL said "you got mail". 
this is progress people, the hackers are not likely to have made more than minimum wage.  It was not profitable, and in hindsight the hacker would have been better off using his/her effort to mine, or to create a real good or service. 
When hacking isn't profitable they will do something else that is. 
@_date: 2015-02-23 20:19:47
or why would someone want to be their own post office with email.  
or their own advertising executive with Adwords. 
Or their own investment coucelor with online trading. 
Or their own secretary with online or smart phone calendars and voicemail. 
@_date: 2015-02-25 17:00:34
I love bitcoin, and I'm long to the extent that my family thinks I'm crazy, but I came from years and years of stock options trading, and in that arena there are several software packages and educational programs and seminars that all teach how to predict the future.   You back test, and you learn how to trade, then you put real money on the line and try to apply what you have learned..............and 95% of people wipe out their account to zero or beyond.  (leverage) 
My problem with this sort of analysis like chart reading is that any chart pattern if wrong turns into another chart patern that is right. 
The most famous is elliot wave where you count in waves of 3 or 5,  no matter what the outcome, in hindsight you can see the pattern, but in foresight there is no way to guess the direction. 
when you ad up 3s and 5s it's easy to make a 3 count if wrong turn into a 5 count that is correct.  
Chart reading is all bull shit, and only works if you get a room full of morons that all believe the same things.  Then it becomes a self fulfilling prophecy. 
Pro traders can always see when the room is stocked full of morons and thats when they come in and crush everyone.  
Trading like that is a suckers game, it would be like challenging micheal jordan to a little one on one.  I don't care how good you were at the highschool level, you get on the court with a pro and your going to get your ass handed to you. 
@_date: 2015-02-10 16:03:30
is it just me, or does it seem like the government is actually trying to get all these groups forced into using an alternative currency like bitcoin???? 
If you were all powerful and wanted to get bitcoin a foothold in the grey and black markets this "operation chokepoint" would be the perfect way to suffocate businesses in grey and black markets to adopt a plan B or die.  
I'm suspicious,  I've jumped out of the frying pan and into the fire many times in my life and this reeks of it.  
The way the government handles bitcoin seems above the table to be semi hostile, but actually under the table I think they want people to adopt it.  
They can't get above board people to fully adopt it yet, due the morality and ethical standard of the middle class, but they know they can get the drug dealers and grey market dealers to take it due to moral flexibility. 
They take away access to banks on purpose, and force them to the only logical solution.  Bitcoin. 
You think the government want's to pay the national debit?? 
Hell no,  they can dump the dollar, dump all their debit, and blame it on the libertarians by letting bitcoin take hold. 
The most patriotic bunch, and the hard working, employer class will get the blame, the government will say " we had no choice but to dump the dollar, we wanted to pay China but we couldn't, (or we did with massively devalued currency)  
so doesn't the dollar failing actually save the Government, and can't they start fresh with no debit, use honest money, force everyone else to use honest money, and stay on top due to past investments into military?? 
we basically borrow money, buy an army, then close the banks so no one else can borrow money.  We end up being the only ones with F-22s and aircraft carriers so we stay top dog, have no debit, and force the rest of the world to use honest money, so they can never afford a war let along a war against us with all the cool gadgets.  
The government side steps the blame, and reaps all the benefits.  
Essentially we BK morally and financially but stay on top. 
To do this they need bitcoin, and for bitcoin to grab hold they need the "grey" markets to adopt first and blend into the "white" markets.  
They are playing chess,  so many of us are playing checkers.   
Edit:  and lets not forget they end up with a transparent, easily taxable currency and no debit. Bitcoin may be anonymous but it makes any large black or grey market easy to spot and deal with.   They may not be able to tax every transaction but think of the power of at least being able to see every transaction.  Ever play a video game where you got to build a little city but there is a "fog of war" so you can't see the whole map,  then eventually you get the ability to see the whole picture..........and it's a game changer.    This is what governments get if they get a currency like bitcoin to take over.  They get to see the whole economy, every transaction.   Even if they can't tax the black market think of the advantage of just being able to see it, judge it's size, and watch the money flow.  
Also, by forcing the rest of the world to use honest currency it ends anyone's ability to make war, let alone against us.  It also makes tracking terrorists amazingly easy. Just donate one satoshi to a terrorist and watch it flow through the block chain.  You can see how they take it in, how they wash it, and how they spend it.  
Terrorists are amazingly stupid if they use bitcoin.  I have money in bitcoin as an investment and I think it will take over, but I think maybe we are jumping out of the frying pan and into the fire once again.    
@_date: 2016-05-05 14:44:41
It doesn't matter who satoshi is,,,  we have built up unreasonable expectations and no matter what the answer is we won't like it. 
I really just hope that satoshi isn't some NSA mark of the beast plot. 
I'm not trying to be right,  and I don't know if CW is satoshi any more than you do...... 
But denial is always step one.  We are human.   You are a monkey. 
(I bet your reaction to that was also denial)
See told you so.  
@_date: 2015-02-04 03:39:01
well I don't think 007 is after my 130 bucks.  I could walk right down town and grab an old lady's purse and no one could stop me,  it's just not a profitable decision due to the reward and risk profile.  
With bitcoin it's hard to control the risk, there is little penalty for the hacking,  but the reward part is under our control.  If you make the average reward of hacking so low that it pays less than flipping burgers the hackers will have to get jobs. 
The reason little old ladys purses don't get snatched is because the average wallet "reward" is low, and the average penalty is high.  
as bitcoin wallet hacking becomes less and less profitable due to added layers of security it just won't be worth doing.  
@_date: 2015-02-07 19:07:36
There are very few pick pockets and street thieves that have access to that level of tech.  Also,  i keep about 150 bucks in my hot wallet and the rest in a vault that they could never get to.  
so my iphone is a hardware wallet, used my biometric to unlock, and is fast, easy to reload with instant buy from Coinbase, and is by far the most secure combination of features available on the market today.  
My iphone plus coinbase is just the fastest, easiest way to bitcoin. 
I am willing to risk 150 bucks that some third world street theif that ends up with my iphone won't know how to crack in, and if they sell it to someone who does it will take so much time that maybe they get my 150 bucks, but most likley I am covered.  
I would say I have a 90% chance of keeping my coins if I loose my phone,,,,,,,,,,,same with a trezor.............but I already have an iphone why buy a second piece of equipment.  
@_date: 2016-07-11 02:22:03
Bitcoin is the answer to a problem created by fiat.   Bitcoin is spawned from the market needing a store of value out of the control of central banking. 
If bitcoin becomes less and less liquid the market will respond and spawn an answer. 
Satoshi didn't create Bitcoin, he was just the womb of the Virgin Mary,,  Bitcoin was the immaculate conception of a system where centralized power eroded our store of value and created dishonest money based on debit. 
The market answers all problems.   As Bitcoin holders hold too much the market will create competition,  this competition will  errode  the value and scare some holder to liquidate.  As they liquidate the solution is created.  
Bitcoin is evolution,   It's not the final step, just one step in a long line of evolutions.
As problems arise the market will evolve.   
Bitcoin will be threatened by the deflationary spiral and modivated some to sell,  the problem creates the solution.
@_date: 2016-07-02 02:34:53
Hopium..... The worlds most powerful and addictive drug.  Hope is the reason and hope is always for sale.  Selling hope is the only profession older then prostitution.  
The worlds first pimp sold the hope that any man could get laid if he just had something to trade.
@_date: 2015-02-03 21:07:47
hang in there, there is a chance coinbase will cover the loss,  I was using a vault so I am very lucky to have only lost .5 btc.  
I'm so sorry it hit a new user, but I can say I have been in bitcoin for almost 2 years and I really would have told you how savvy and smart I was.  I just let my guard down.   Don't feel bad, it wasn't your fault, and lets hope the good folks and coinbase will cover us. 
@_date: 2015-02-03 17:14:39
too busy at the moment but it was very slick, very convincing and they got me to log in with my two factor, then must have been on my machine to create the transaction.  
I will find out exactly how they did it and post the details, but for now I"m busy locking things down,,,,,
and thank god for coinbase vault...............they got .5 of a btc rather than the 8.5 I have in the vault. 
GREAT JOB COINBASE for setting up layers.  saved my bacon.  
@_date: 2015-02-03 17:51:34
I know I know.............I just had my guard down, I was multi tasking and boom.   
I can say this for sure.....you don't get hacked when your at the ready, it happens when you least expect it.  My first computer was a Commador 64,  I've been around the block. 
you can't always blame the victim of the rape.  
I'm a smart guy,,,,,,,it was timing that got me, not ignorance.  
@_date: 2015-02-07 02:44:19
Tipping.......more than just a small town in china 
@_date: 2016-07-12 13:28:27
What I mean by competition is that the very idea that there is no liquidity would lead some users to either seek an alternative or reverse their hold position and liquidate. 
My point is that as soon as Bitcoin isn't the solution something else will be.  
The current problem, dishonest money created by power drunk morons, has spawned Bitcoin as a solution.   If a senario were to develope where everyone holds and there is no liquidity then Bitcoin fails to be a solution other than a store of value. 
This solution may be enough, as other ideas may satisfy the other problems,,, so Bitcoin may not be "the one solution" it may evolve into being part of a larger more complex solution.  
As long as it's part of the solution it will have value.  
Markets create the solutions they need. 
It's like trying to damb up a huge River and just assuming that if you stop the water in one place the river will stay within its banks. 
A river, like an economy, will flow toward balance. (Sea level).    
A large economy can't be stopped by politics,,, it will find balance and simply overflow its banks (no pun intended) if needed to find balance.  
The effort required to control a huge economy is massive and temporary. 
The Mississippi will flow out to the sea, period.   There simply is no stopping that fact.   
The same can be said for the economy,  it will find effecency and to do that free and fair trade is the balance it will always flow toward.
@_date: 2015-02-15 19:27:32
Get a paper Waller generator from mycium. It's called entropy.  
Best offline way to be sure your getting the security you need. 
@_date: 2015-02-16 20:35:19
thanks for your effort,  don't mind the trolls, what you did took your time and effort and we appreciate it.  
thanks. 
@_date: 2015-02-10 21:09:06
What walled off countries????  China?  we have targeted them by making them fear the dollar and crush the gold price,  they are desperate for an anti-US alternative....and there is bitcoin to solve the problem.  The perfect anti-dollar hedge.  
the rest of the "walled off countries" don't count much.  North Korea, a few dictatorships in latin america.  
We target most of them with remittance, workers here send money to them and we make bitcoin easy and cheap so they end up taking the bait to get around capital controls in the US and fall right into the trap as well. 
Again, I am long bitcoin and I love it for all it's libertarian principles, and it will create a situation where honest money takes over............that's good for all of us, even though we have to break a few eggs to make that omelette. 
@_date: 2015-02-09 14:08:28
Money is trust.    The more they manipulate it, the more cause they have to be mistrusted.  
They don't care, they have nothing to loose. 
They gamble with our futures because only one outcome has them in power.  They gamble to stay in power, not to win. 
They would rather be in charge of a second rate America than be workers within an honest economy in a great America.  
So they double down again. 
@_date: 2016-07-03 20:19:16
Well we have a 1% in fiat and they are elitist dooshbags.  
The 1% in bitcoin are libertarian, euntrapunur, risk takers who believe in a better world.  
(Even though not all of us can spell in English).  
I pick the later.
@_date: 2016-07-01 00:58:41
Ya ever since 9-11,,,,, when people got so sensitive....... Thanks a lot bin laden. 
 (Alan, hangover)