@_author: jdgmntday
@_date: 2017-10-16 19:59:04
Why do you still have dollars if you think this deflationary currency is better? There are ways to exchange your btc for dollars for merchants who don't take btc. If you did that, then you would instantly feel the pressure to never buy anything, because the value of the dollar to the bitcoin is always rising. Suddenly that cup of coffee is really expensive today - expensive because you can't help but see that all the cups of coffee it could have bought later. Same as people already look at that video game long ago that's now worth about thousands.
And your vacation wasn't longer because you were using a deflationary currency. Your vacation was longer because you cashed out of an investment into an inflationary currency. One that doesn't sting when it's value drops later. That investment could have been stocks or bonds or commodities; that it happened to be bitcoin is irrelevant. Your vacation could have just as easily been cut short because of a drop in bitcoin as well, same as any investment. If we were in a deflationary economy, you would not feel the urge to splurge and take a longer vacation than planned because the pressure to save would be great. Your vacation could be twice as long if you took it next year. Pres. Bush telling you to go shopping more is the same advice you took when you say you extended your vacation. You spent money rather than saved it. 
@_date: 2017-10-16 20:05:27
Things like GDP absolutely measure things like quality of life. You immediately jump to cheap, plastic throwaway crap, but what about the new iPhone that's coming out? Or the new 4k TVs just around the corner? There would be zero incentive to design and manufacture those things if people were so resistant to buying anything. All progress would be slowed - economic, cultural, technological, social. The economic part at least is defintiely measured by the GDP. 
People can go crazy with the idea of spending, sure, but that's hardly a problem of an inflationary currency. That's a lack of self-control and buying on credit. That's a different thing. To compare inflation vs deflation more fairly, think of living of nothing more than cash and a debit card. No credit, no debt, just the currency you have on hand.
@_date: 2017-10-16 15:09:00
Exactly. Every time someone shouts HODL, not only do they mean "don't sell your btc," they are also saying "don't spend your btc." That's not how you treat a currency, that's how you treat an investment. Investments can work alongside an economy, but it doesn't replace one.
@_date: 2017-10-15 18:55:54
But you are an outlier in that regard. If people didn't go out and buy the newest gadget all the time, Apple wouldn't put out a new iPhone every 6 months. Activision wouldn't make a new Call of Duty every year not EA a new FIFA. What would spur spending and economy if there's financial pressure to save? 
@_date: 2017-10-15 21:40:59
It doesn't matter if you had 2 or 2000 btc. The point is the same - you lose out if you ever spend your bitcoins, so why ever spend them. If you had 2000 btc today, would you be anymore likely to give me 2btc for my bikes? No, because next week they could be worth just 1.6btc, and you'd have lost the same 20% as the coffee, it just hurt you more.
@_date: 2017-10-16 15:05:47
Nobody buys things on that logic. And if they did, that's the exact kind of behavior this sub is trying to avoid by going with a deflationary currency - save, don't spend. 
@_date: 2017-10-15 15:46:32
But you didn't answer the question of why would you spend money now when tomorrow it's worth more. You simply said "people made it work in the past." I went through this exact thing while putting up with my 2-year-old budget phone. It wouldn't update, couldn't find my wifi, couldn't download apps, and would barely take photos, but I held off on getting a new one because every month there are new and better phones for the same price. I didn't upgrade til my friend sold me his old phone with the good friend discount, effectively removing my purchase from the economy (original manufacturer doesn't benefit and below market price makes my purchase atypical). 
I follow BTC like crazy, but the one thing I've never come to terms with about deflationary currency is that simple question - why buy today when I can buy more tomorrow? 
@_date: 2017-10-15 19:02:00
I'm not sure I buy that. Right now I think most people are in and holding Bitcoin for the speculation and the rising value. I see so few posts here about people ever spending Bitcoin because a week ago it was worth $1k USD less. I've seen posts here of people lamenting spending BTC on a video game a year ago, and how thats "the most expensive video game they ever bought". But when will people start spending it? If the currency is always deflationary, then why is that answer not "never"?
@_date: 2019-09-12 13:21:20
Good ol' Des Moines, leading us to the 21st century :D
@_date: 2017-10-15 23:25:39
Sure, but you actually *need* very little. Food, drink, shelter, maybe transportation. That's it. You don't *need* entertainment or hobbies or technology. The things that spur economy. If people always saved and bought nothing because "they could buy more later," they would never buy anything. And that's no good for economy or growth.
The point is not that you *have* to go into debt in an inflationary currency, just that you are encouraged to spend what you do have rather than holding it indefinitely. If you do go into debt, it's not the end of you, because your debt will eventually be worth less. If you go into debt in a deflationary currency, you're doomed because what you owe is always getting further away from you.
@_date: 2017-10-15 21:31:33
But if a purchase as small as a video game is causing some serious buyer's remorse to the tune of a thousand dollars or more, then spending a larger chunk of BTC for a motorcycle or a house would be lunacy. Last week's coffee was 20% more expensive than it is right now. It's crazy what last week's motorcycle would cost. If you think it's not, I have two motorcycle's I'll sell you for bitcoin right now. Want to trade?