@_author: jdoe01
@_date: 2017-01-13 23:47:49
Thanks again for the very thorough response, and I think I now have a much greater appreciation for your position. I was not aware you had similar views re:etf for assets like Gold. If that's the case, I'm pretty sure I agree with you almost entirely. My sticking point wasn't so much whether the SEC should approve in the big picture, but more I can't see much difference between approving a commodity asset like gold (the asset not mining) and BTC, outside of historical performance and risk level. I still have serious reservations about what I feel to be over-bought stock prices, in particular because most methods of preparing for retirement drive overbuying - but you've convinced me that there is a fundamental difference there. While far from guaranteed, it's at least possible for all parties involved to profit off of a stock, the same not being true for Bitcoin over its entire lifespan. I'll concede that's a pretty strong argument. I tend to agree with the SEC that a BTC ETF is probably a higher risk investment than even penny stocks (if that's what they indeed believe), simply because there is the potential to diversify a penny stock ETF to a much greater extent than exists for a similar BTC ETF; I am just not certain how much risk factor should weigh in the decision to approve, if at all. 
Just as an aside, I wouldn't really consider myself a bitcoiner. I'm working on setting up a class that will require covering bitcoin, so I've just been trying to dig into it as much as I can. I feel like I have a pretty good grasp on the technical side and protocol, but am trying to go passed that. I picked at the Ponzi point just because it's an argument that comes up fairly frequently in articles against Bitcoin. Thanks once again for your very thorough, very reasonable replies. 
@_date: 2017-01-13 21:51:36
Hey, thanks for the response. I read your letter in its entirety, and I don't disagree with any part of it. I think the part that I'm personally stuck on, is you seem to place a higher degree of faith in stocks and stock markets in general than I do. Now, before I go any farther, I do want to admit upfront that I'm a technology person, not a finance person - so this is just my somewhat uninformed perspective, but it may be others as well.
The issue that I have, is that it seems to me, at least on paper, the majority of the growth in our securities markets is also speculative in nature. It's hard for me to believe, for example, that if Google shuttered its doors today, it would have $570B of intrinsic value to distribute to its shareholders, or the same for Microsoft at $450B. Even if they have some intrinsic value, I'm not certain how often that goes to the shareholder in the case of a failed company. I only know this case second hand, but my parents once held stock in a retail-chain here in the US called K-Mart. A few years back, K-Mart filed chapter 11 (i.e. bankruptcy), and all of the 'non-preferred' shareholders received absolutely nothing. A few months to a year or so later, K-Mart came back out of Chapter 11, issued new stock, and acquired another major retail chain, Sears. I don't want to base too much of my point on that particular example, because I only know what I was told by my parents - and they weren't exactly the savviest investors. But if that anecdote is true, it wouldn't seem that a BTC investment couldn't have fared much worse. 
And, in the most broad sense, I too understand why one would categorize Bitcoin as a Ponzi scheme. At the same time, however, I think using that broad a definition, you could claim that almost any commodity that trades over its inherent value is a Ponzi scheme. By that definition, our entire retirement system in the US is just an elaborate ponzi scheme (both social security and private retirement accounts), and the SEC certainly has a role to play in that. When I think of a Ponzi scheme, my definition is a bit more narrow - closer to Madoff. The difference being, Madoff's shares never had the market value that he claimed it had. It was all a lie. Now, bitcoin may or may not have any intrinsic value, but it certainly has a market value. You could argue (as I would) that the exchanges should be more regulated, but if we can accept that the  market value on a well regulated exchange can be trusted, then Bitcoin indeed had that market value when it was purchased, something Madoff could never claim.
So, all in all, it seems that there are two fundamental differences when it comes to BTC:
1. Whereas many other securities trade over and above their intrinsic value, BTC has no intrinsic value, and as a result, the downside would be greater than that of a traditional investment. For example, whereas with a regular stock (or real estate investment or commodity), should it go bankrupt, or a new entrant take over, you might lose up to 90% of your investment, with BTC it would almost certainly be 100%
2. As a result of a lack of regulation, there are additional risks beyond that which one would have investing in more traditional investments.
Would you agree these are the two biggest issues (outside of difficulties bitcoin presents to law enforcement)? 
I noticed your comparison to Penny stocks, and again, I tend to agree. But there are ETF's that track penny stocks, aren't there? iShares Russell Microcap and Vanguard Small-cap come to mind. 
I am still left with the inherent feeling that BTC is similar to pretty much any other traditional investment used to grow wealth, with the two caveats that it has much greater inherent risk (due to lack of any type of regulation) and potentially a greater downside (due to the lack of any intrinsic value should the system be abandoned). If BTC is allowed to exist at all, it seems that an ETF could only help with the first issue at least. The major caveat being, any investor who wishes to invest in it should be made to read your letter first, :).
Again, please don't mistake any of this as an attack. You're likely one of the most well informed people on earth with your perspective, and so I'm just trying to learn everything that I can from you. Also, I'm sure you are a very busy person, so if you don't have the time to respond, I won't take any offense.
@_date: 2017-01-13 01:00:07


Politics aside, that was hilarious, :P.
So, I'm genuinely interested in this point:


Isn't that an inherent risk for almost any investment? In particular, companies rise and fall all the time (along with their share prices), but it's a risk one is aware of when investing in a stock. I guess what I'm most interested in understanding is, why is Bitcoin different in this regard? Again, please don't mistake this as a troll. I get it can be pretty heated here sometimes; but personally, I would much rather listen to those with a different perspective than my own - and in particular when it comes to money, :). 
@_date: 2017-01-17 16:03:31
Hey, if you happen to come across that link when you get home, I'd be interested in reading it.
@_date: 2017-01-03 01:07:59
Yeah, that sounds spot on. Thanks for the elaboration!
@_date: 2016-12-17 22:59:58
God I hope I lose to you
@_date: 2017-01-03 00:35:06
Not correcting you, as I truly don't know - but I thought the predominate reason for many Indians desire for gold was as a result of certain cultural/religious events that require the use of gold (weddings, as an example). I remember a few articles around the time Gold was really bulling suggesting it was creating problems domestically for India as they were unable to acquire what they needed just for these rituals, and so were breaking custom and using either lower purity golds, or even in some cases, fake gold. Again, you may be totally right about gold value speculation being the major reason behind it (where in the world isn't it?), but I thought India was a bit of an exception where the intrinsic properties were as valuable as the value speculation. I'm probably wrong though.
@_date: 2016-12-24 23:10:34


Best I could do with the source material. Likely not up to the full $12 standard though. (15KCXTUUt7h51rs81XsEekt1xqsedXsoij)
@_date: 2016-12-24 23:22:04
Hah. Maybe that... or just way too bored on Christmas Eve, :P.
@_date: 2016-10-25 01:04:40
Apologies if there is a really simple answer to this. I've been aware of Bitcoin for years and just finished reading Antonopoulos' Mastering Bitcoin, but I'm still somewhat new to the practical aspects. Is there any advantage to be gained from an individual running a full node (under the assumption its something like a RPi, and thus not competing to solve the PoW)?
@_date: 2016-10-26 01:38:04
Hey, thank you sincerely for the very thorough response. I can definitely see how all of those points are beneficial, and I certainly understand the sense of pride that comes from being an active participant in the project. I remember when I was a student and first learned of the Tor project over a decade ago,  I rented a VPS just so I could be a small part of the project (and it was definitely cool seeing my node on the router list). I think you may have convinced me into running my own full node!