@_author: jduns2008
@_date: 2017-05-14 22:19:53
Yes, everything was the same except a new credit card number and email. Apparently, it does take a keen eye because it took them quite a while (for this age of technology) - I mean, hell, I can see what's inside my refrigerator from a sailboat, and it took them that long to red flag it? Lol
You are correct, it does not explain why it was closed the first time; it's an explanation I am still awaiting, but one that I know I will never receive. Perhaps it has something to do with me living in Washington State (the current bitcoin battleground)? That would be strange though, since Coinbase is one of the few Bitcoin exchanges that can legally operate in Washington State, currently.
@_date: 2017-05-14 22:52:56
I get the second account closure (that's pretty low-intellect stuff to be pointing out), but why was it closed the first time (that's what the "Another account closure issue" hinges on) Furthermore, the company could have taken the 30 seconds required to inform me as to why it was closed the first time. Perhaps I actually did something incorrectly, which I could have remedied in order to fall within their rules and regulations for whatever it may have been.
However, to leave me with no reasoning (other than a blanket, standardized statement) and to just immediately close my account is unacceptable, and should be brought to the attention of any potential users of the service via all possible outlets (yes, including Reddit). 
This was an attempt to reach out to the company in the only way that appears to have been successful for other users in the past. 
If they don't respond, that's fine, because I have (or have people that have) ways around everything on the internet, some far more difficult than others. I will try to stop them from gaining new users in every sphere of influence that I have at my disposal - To accept that as some sort of benign ranting of a disgruntled consumer, yelling from one of the internets proverbial mountain tops would be a great error on Coinbase's behalf, but would result in a pleasurable course for me to set sail for
This will be my final post until I hear from the company. I do look forward to reading the replies, but I will be a silent observer as I don't have time to reply to everyone - although I would have time to reply if this was/part of my employment or revenue stream ;)
Good day to you all