@_author: jeantheboy
@_date: 2017-12-10 09:51:42
Dear ogurkan, although I understand your bitter disappointment, please consider that my perspective was urged by Genesis Mining being unresponsive as a service provider. I have also made investment mistakes, but this is my responsibility. What I am trying to point out here is that Genesis Mining does not care about their customers, meaning that if a customer has some problem, there is some significant probability that the problem will not be solved in a reasonable time. I have tens of payments that have stayed unsolved for months. Reasonable time means that if too long a time passes, then a customer legitimately cannot help believing that he is dealing with a fraud.
@_date: 2017-12-10 09:41:35
Dear Hodl_it and redditors who have responded to my post, it is painful for me to accuse Genesis Mining of being a fraud because I come from being a proud investor with them. Against all criticism against them, I have always followed a diversification approach with my investment planning. But hey, though I understand that everyone may have subjective situations, there is however a certainty: their support is non-existent, old missed payments tend to be remain unpaid, and unreported payments (i.e.payments made yet unreported) increase over time, thus showing a sloppy service. Plus, notice that if a contract ends and the payouts had remained unsent due to a minimal threshold send, there is risk that they won't send you what they owe. They end a contract, there being nothing wrong with that, but they do not honour it. That's ridiculously smart!
I strongly suspect they are just planning to attract prospects while old customers are regarded as unimportant. It is not a case that there emerged last summer some idea of a legal action against them. Some people are extremely disappointed and continue being so. Think about it. After the alleged breach, for which they never showed any proof whatsoever, they continued to say that they were working to improve the infrastructure. We never saw any improvement, however, in the interface, which keeps being poor and investor-unfriendly.
I have used strong words to define them because I am sure that this is what inspires in many people using their service.
@_date: 2017-12-10 10:28:10
I totally agree. I get your point. It's hard finding a valid support. Based on my experience so far, Genesis Mining support is the worst.
@_date: 2019-02-25 16:04:34
"If the inflation rate of Bitcoin was high enough/increasing fast enough it would guarantee that the price of Bitcoin would go down over time."
This is unclear. Explain.