@_author: jebuswashere
@_date: 2014-02-20 03:23:21
Did it collapse because of internal contradiction, or because of external pressure?
@_date: 2014-02-20 03:50:32
Oh, I'm well aware. I was curious to see what knew about the Spanish Revolution.
@_date: 2013-12-30 19:47:27


No anarchist believes in the NAP, because it's a tool used to justify oppression, privilege, and violence. Sure, some advocates of the NAP may *call* themselves anarchists, but North Korea *calls* itself democratic, so, you know...
Furthermore, the NAP is argumentatively useless, since it's inherently subjective and normative, but that's a conversation for another thread.


Have you read many history books, then?


This definition is so broad as to be useless. "Capitalism" refers specifically to the role of capital in society, and particularly to the social and economic paradigms that exist in order to maintain absentee ownership of the means of production. Capitalism refers to a specific thing that arose at a specific period in history due to specific circumstances and material conditions; it's not simply "trade," which existed for millennia before capitalism, and will likely exist for millennia after capitalism.


In pretty much *every* way. Again, capitalism (as defined by people who have actually studied it) refers to the absentee ownership of the means of production that arose over the past few centuries thanks to state action (i.e. enclosures, seizure of the commons, violent imposition of markets through conquest, etc.). To say that "capitalism=trade between individuals" is both ignorant and disingenuous.
@_date: 2013-12-31 04:02:18


That's literally what "hierarchy" means; it comes from the Greek for "holy rulers." Furthermore, it's simply naive to think that a government is the only form of rulership and domination that exists.


Anarchists oppose hierarchy because it's oppressive, coercive, exploitative, and is antithetical to the liberty and autonomy of the individual. Feel free to stop by if you've got questions about this.


Generally, by raising the political and social consciousness of people. When people become aware and conscious of the nature and source of oppression in their lives, they naturally won't accept attempted imposition of further oppression. In other words, there's nothing in an anarchist society that prevents some asshole from standing up and saying "Hey everyone, I'm the dictator now and you all have to listen to me and do what I say!" However, the fact that they can claim authority doesn't mean anyone will *recognize* that authority.


You're free to call yourself whatever you want. I just don't understand why you'd willfully mislabel yourself as something you aren't. Simply being anti-state does not make one an anarchist. Additionally, the entire philosophy and history of anarchism is predicated on anti-capitalism; it makes no sense to me why "anarcho"-capitalists want so badly to appropriate the term.
Also, one of the foundational thinkers of voluntaryism wrote extensively *in favor* of government, so it's hilarious to me how many capitalists who insist that they're anti-state (as if capitalism could exist without a state, but whatever) identify as voluntaryists, but that's a conversation for another subreddit.
@_date: 2013-12-31 04:12:52
All morality is subjective. Unless you can demonstrate some criteria of objective, scientific, universal morality.
@_date: 2013-12-31 04:11:55
I don't think you know any actual anarchists.
Anarchism is opposed to all hierarchies. Capitalism requires hierarchies (supported by institutionalized violence) in order to function. The two ideologies are antithetical.
Being anti-state does not make someone an anarchist.
@_date: 2013-12-30 06:41:28
"Anarcho"-capitalism isn't anarchist at all.
Anarchism is opposed to any and all hierarchy ("an"+"archos"="no rulers"); capitalism requires hierarchy in order to function (in the form of boss-worker relationships, and more broadly, absentee ownership of the means of production). The two ideologies are quite literally antithetical.
@_date: 2013-12-30 06:44:56
"Anarcho"-capitalists are wrong in this assumption. Communism is a stateless, classless, moneyless society. There can be no totalitarian state to enforce communism, as communism is itself dependent upon the *elimination* of state violence. If we remove state violence from the equation, then absentee ownership of the means of production (i.e. capitalism) becomes impossible. It's capitalism, *not* communism, that requires a state in order to exist.
@_date: 2013-12-30 06:57:24
That's cute.
You do understand that capitalism, historically, arose as direct result of state action, and cannot exist without a state, don't you?
The NAP is bullshit used to justify privilege and oppression, and homesteading is a fantasy based on a romanticized and over-idealized Jeffersonian agrarianism that never existed.
@_date: 2013-12-30 19:30:17
Pack it in, comrades, the revolution's off. has brought out the **online dictionary**, which definitely and completely refutes almost two centuries of political philosophy. Damn, I didn't see that coming.
Seriously, though, dictionaries standardize *spelling*, not *meaning*. They're a shit resource for debating anything *other* than spelling.


Anarchism literally means "no rulers." Any sort of unequal power relationship, i.e. a hierarchy, consists of the ruler (the one with more power) and the ruled (the one with less power). Abolishing hierarchy (and the oppression and violence that comes with it) is pretty much the entire premise of anarchism. To claim otherwise is to demonstrate either a near-total ignorance of what anarchists actually want, or an extreme level of intellectual dishonesty.


And yet they advocate a capitalist mode of production; i.e. social and economic relationships defined and maintained by institutional violence and coercion. Hmm...it's almost as if their entire ideology is hypocritical and makes no sense. Oh, wait, no...it's not *almost* that, it *is* that. "Anarcho"-capitalists [aren't anarchists at all]( and the founder of voluntaryism [wrote *in favor* of government]( Both ideologies are based on appropriating language from the left, and using it to mask reactionary right-wing goals.