@_author: jediballs
@_date: 2014-12-28 14:47:04


The tokens are tradable so you still can if you believe in Bitnplay's future value for players. Take a look at the Partner's Manifesto for more about the opportunity.
In terms of making deals, we hope to facilitate this for players through a forum environment, either through Bitcointalk or otherwise.
@_date: 2014-12-28 13:28:20
Mainly because of the support that the Counterparty community offered. The CP devs even advised us earlier this year with the development of our poker product's payment system. We see a lot of potential for the protocol, a growing community, with companies like Vennd.io that offer solutions which can simplify a crowd-sale. I don't think the XCP restriction for their exchange is permanent; we've seen it work with BTC and hope to see it again in the future.
@_date: 2014-12-29 10:30:51
@_date: 2014-12-28 19:56:08
In terms of verification, the only thing our partner Veridu forwards to us is:
1. Are they over 18?
    Yes or No
2. Are they likely to be a clone account?
    Yes or No
3. If yes to 2, then which accounts are they likely to be a clone of.
No names, countries, regions, genders, or anything else.
@_date: 2014-12-28 13:44:45
No problem. Thanks for your interest.
@_date: 2014-12-28 14:42:59
You can refer to our Partner's Manifesto for a provisional, brief rake structure:
The complete rake structure will be announced on Bitnplay soon with the games schedule, but in terms of ring games, it will be very similar to the standards followed by Bitcoin poker operators.
@_date: 2014-12-28 13:09:05
Right, that is one example of the possible deal one can make. But one can set their own parameters for the deal to fit the circumstances. 
What's great about Counterparty is the feature of making smart contracts without counterparty risk. And that's something we aim to incorporate with the Partner Token's, so these kind of deals can be made without one user trusting the other. 
@_date: 2014-12-28 19:16:22
Thanks for taking the time to read things before posting. Much good. LOL.
@_date: 2014-12-28 14:07:32


I'm afraid sacrificing the users that have zero online footprint was a decision we made so we could offer games with integrity to the crowds. This is something that differentiates us from other Bitcoin poker solutions. If you can't get past the verification method offered by Veridu then we don't have a solution for you right now.
@_date: 2014-12-28 20:23:38
Hi Bryan. Honestly, thanks for all that you have done so far for the Bitcoin poker world. The Bitnplay team appreciates the start that SwC has made for that respect. 
HOWEVER, it's slightly funny to think that you chose this of all posts to worry about the well-being of the good people at r/bitcoin.
To respond to your concerns:
1. Like I mentioned above: In terms of selling something prior to functionality, we've released the dates when games will begin. You can already sign up, checkout the verification process and register for the freeroll. It's kind of silly to wait until the last second to market any product, whether a poker site or a crowd-sale. So here we are, about a month before that: marketing. You know marketing, right?
2. I've attended and spoken at several conferences related to Bitcoin and iGaming over the last few months. I haven't seen any SwC reps anywhere. I didn't expect to either. I sure hope our software can live up to the supreme standards of poker mavens.
3. A Costa Rican company as opposed to what? A non-existing company? Why would you discriminate here? We have put a lot of hard work towards our corporate structuring and legal obligations. We have also put in a good deal of private funds for our campaign. Just because we are running a unique initiative to raise funds, it doesn't make it the only source. It's called innovation.
As for yellow flags, raise as many as you like. But keep in mind, if someone raised a flag any time something went wrong at SwC, we'd be running short of cotton. Or polyester. Or whatever flags are made of.
@_date: 2014-12-28 13:38:45
Mental Poker (I assume that's what you mean) is a solution for provably fair poker. This is not what we have accomplished. Our research tells us that crypto technology is not quite "there" today to support a real-time working solution for Mental Poker. We know people that are working on such solutions.
We have incorporated a "Rail" feature for people to be able to watch other users. The game doesn't use Flash at all, it's HTML 5. 
Bitnplay is decentralized in the financial sense. We separate the financial aspect of poker from the gaming side. We don't force people to have account balances where they deposit and withdraw in the "old fashioned" sense. Users can buy into specific games instantly and they get back their winnings when the game is over. This greatly reduces our liability to our users.
The other feature that sets us apart from Bitcoin poker alternatives is that we ask are users to provide some form of online social verification. This way we tackle underage gambling and stop users from creating and abusing the game with multiple accounts or other forms of collusion.
@_date: 2014-12-28 19:17:56
Thanks friend. Hope we can hear a bit more feedback as to why not, and what we can do to get your attention.
@_date: 2014-12-28 12:19:40
Hi all,
I'm Andreas, founder of Bitnplay. We are launching a new Bitcoin online poker service that we feel solves a bunch of problems that hinder the success of current solutions. 
We have also just announced a rather unconventional crowd-sale at  
Look forward to your feedback
@_date: 2014-12-28 19:14:12


Hi eof. Yes we have several advisors with years experience from the industry. Perhaps you have found a way to find 100% rakeback offers at some other poker operations. Is this kind of offer accessible to all the public? That sounds like a poker site that will make no money, so how can it sustain itself? Also can you place a sell order for that 100% rakeback and trade it for cash with someone else? 
These are the kind of things we are enabling. I don't think you can do this somewhere else. There are a limited number of tokens so obviously not everyone can have one.
The last thing we think is that our customers are stupid. Our early customers, and those that hold the limited number of tokens are those who see our future value proposition, and will be rewarded. If you could sell 100% rakeback at a successful poker operation today, it would be worth a small fortune. Bitnplay is designed, willing and able to be as successful.
@_date: 2014-12-28 19:44:51
Thanks for the feedback and I apologize if my comments come off as aggressive at any time. However, I am defending the value of this offering, which may be unconventional. But unlike a profit sharing offer, it is legal in that it can't be deemed as a security. More than that, it's useful for customers. Props are few and far between, but this is more than just 100% rakeback - this is value that can be resold. 
In terms of selling something prior to functionality, we've released the dates when games will begin. You can already sign up, checkout the verification process and register for the freeroll. It's kind of silly to wait until the last second to market any product, whether a poker site or a crowd-sale. So here we are, about a month before that: marketing. Sorry if that doesn't float your boat.
@_date: 2015-01-17 14:22:04
I'm happy to continue this conversation, reply to your points and discuss our research. But I'd rather avoid it publicly. Your feedback is great and we value and learn from different opinions every day. So I'd like to encourage you to send an email to andreas
@_date: 2015-01-16 15:11:05
We've been developing our payment system in-house for some time now. You're right, multisig is a step even closer to 'trustless'. It's a feature that we can implement in the future since we are keeping all dev internally and can be flexible with our product development. We want to adapt to our users' requirements. 
@_date: 2015-01-17 00:12:08
It's certainly not an absolute guarantee and, as you said, no system is perfect. But Veridu's algorithm, when assessing these social profiles, calculates the approx. number of hours one would need to fake each specific account and hence tries to block the fakes. This makes it more expensive, and requires more effort from attackers. We aim to make it 'not worth it' for them. This way one can also ban users guilty of all forms of abuse and/or cheating knowing they will have a very hard time coming back. And yes, this is part of our value proposition. Add that to cheaper rake than the incumbent poker rooms, no deposits - instant cashouts, great software and a passionate team behind the site. We hope to give you enough reason to join.
@_date: 2015-01-16 20:02:53
As a cofounder I have to say I'm sorry. We know there are others in your situation and we will try find a secure way to make sure you are not excluded. Please feel free to make suggestions.
@_date: 2015-01-16 18:28:48
To clear up some misinformation:
You don't need all 6 forms. Some users can verify with just one, depending on how credible Veridu's algorithm finds it to be (based on activity and other parameters). 
We don't block or accept users based on any information other than Veridu's determination of:
1. Are you over 18
2. Are you a clone account
@_date: 2015-01-16 23:58:08
SwC has been around for years and to be fair, their offering includes the whole 9 yards: MTTs, SNGs, Cash, etc. However, if you imagine a Venn diagram with all poker players and Bitcoin users, the overlap is quite big. But, SwC has only attracted a small portion of those people despite their substantially cheaper rake and no screening of players. We think that one of the biggest shortcomings is that the totally anonymous environment allows for large amount of abuse - through multi-accounting, colluding etc. Most experienced players know this. Other reasons may include poorer software and lack of marketing but from my research integrity is a big part of it. This is what we are attempting to solve.
@_date: 2015-01-17 00:51:48
Collusion detection algorithms on their own can only go so far. But if you can feed them more info, like probability of fake or clone they become stronger. And this is important since the coin is paid out right away. Also, users will be able to engage instantly, entering a game with 0 confirmations (for the payouts we wait for 3). So it's very important to be able to ban a user that tries to e.g. perform a race-attack. The bottom line is that social networks are powerful information tools and we have found ways of using them to offer a much safer environment. Unfortunately, this is too new a concept for regulators yet, but we are working on that. There are also renowned Bitcoin experts lobbying for Veridu in the space, e.g. Eric Benz
@_date: 2015-04-03 14:22:58
We have been working the last two months to fix several technical issues that we discovered from our first testing round. We are now back with a public beta. We are running micro-stake (20-30 cents) Sit and Go's for the purpose of further testing and customer feedback. If all goes well we will later add more interesting stakes and games. 
The concept is that your money/bankroll is your own and hence kept in your own wallet. We reduce the trust factor this way without reducing the convenience or speed of 'depositing'
@_date: 2015-03-09 19:35:45
No. The ridiculous reality that central banks can fail massively and depositors will lose their savings. That cannot be bad for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-01 14:59:33
He's implying that we might have the Cyprus effect in a much bigger scale.