@_author: jedunnigan
@_date: 2014-09-13 03:53:04
Cool guys running this shop but this ATM is illegal, shame. Thanks NY.
@_date: 2014-07-03 17:08:54
Yes this struck me as well. Have they even bothered to have their devs make a pull request? My guess is no.
@_date: 2014-06-14 01:00:54
It's unfortunately to be expected at this point. People don't understand or comprehend the magnitude of Bitcoin's problems, and if they do they are blind to the solutions or don't bother listening in the first place. I don't post much around here anymore because of this sort of nonsense, Bitcoin-CEO said it best... it's just a bunch of circle jerking.
Stay strong bud.
@_date: 2014-12-21 14:53:08
Inefficiency might be the wrong way to put it it, people are simply broadcasting transactions that are larger in size then they used to be--this is to be expected with things like OP_RETURN. And I think it will be given due attention when we start filling blocks and transaction fees start inflating. 
@_date: 2014-09-06 04:53:37
Thanks for replying Matt, and I understand what you are saying. I actually spoke with Shawn about this recently, and he said something similar (although he also spoke about the possibility of white/grey lists where nodes can opt out of storing maintained lists of data).
I'll pick at some of the technical nuances you brought up in a moment, but my point is more that LE taking down nodes is largely irrelevant. I'm more concerned with public opinion, because that will make or break the popularity of your service. It takes not much more than a few op eds in NYT and the WP to destroy confidence in your service. LE could do a quick and dirty psyop that scares people away from using the service. Bitcoin is the currency that is used for "illegal" things (look how far we have come--not very! 30-60k/day for over a year), Storj is the platform for cp or whatever. That's all it takes, which is troubling. Even if LE can't prove this or that it doesn't really matter (even though I think they could... do the redundant split up encrypted bits of specific files look the same on each system (idk, I'm asking)? If so they could just match the bits to files they downloaded; or they could just see which nodes serve up bad content, etc...). 
Don't get me wrong, I think what you guys are doing is pretty cool, but I am definitely concerned. If you can keep it clean in the beginning and get a good foothold, that will be your saving grace. But no one wants to store cp on their computer either, that would suck on so many levels.
@_date: 2014-03-17 20:57:19
Thanks for presenting Ryan!
@_date: 2014-06-03 16:44:26
What did he think would happen? This should be a wake up call for all the people out there thinking they can just willy nilly raise money on bitcointalk without getting investigated by the SEC.
There are indications of insider trading in this situaiton as well, which makes things all the worse for Eric: 
However it seems like he got off with a slap on the wrist. Lucky him.
@_date: 2014-04-16 14:12:13
Congrats Rob, keep up the hard work!
@_date: 2014-01-17 07:20:23
Does it really matter? 
What we know:


It's probably gonna be an online wallet service with debit card solutions and all that jazz. Nothing game changing, but certainly needed.
@_date: 2014-11-09 19:44:41
Sure, that's a fair point. I'll concede the company vs. protocol point. But the similarities between Linux and Bitcoin stop at their open source nature.
People are being swindled left and right (BST, MCXnow, scam coin fter scam coin, Neo &amp; Bee, Moolah, etc.. etc...) with Bitcoin, not so much with random C libraries hosted on GitHub that make it easier to do xyz programming function. You also don't see people trading drugs for Linux distros on the Silk Road. These sorts of activities elicit regulation from the government's perspective. 
Regardless, this is missing the point of the original post. We can keep going down this road but I don't see it bringing us anywhere
edit: looks like you edited your post. I'm not here to debate regulations with you, that will bear no fruit for either of us.
@_date: 2014-09-29 18:35:59
Limit the scale to the last year.5 and things don't look so rosey. That is, there have been 55-85K tx/day since last March.
@_date: 2014-06-23 20:34:45
The same logic applies if there are huge downswings, not just if Bitcoin goes to 0. 
But you make a good point, BitPay does offer a similar service but it is more limited in scope for a few reasons, the most important being that BitPay is risking its own funds--not customer funds--to hedge risk. So there is a big difference. 
@_date: 2014-07-16 07:36:42
Didn't see the FAQ, thanks for the link. Interesting that it isn't mentioned in any of the news articles.
@_date: 2014-09-06 16:47:35
Ughh, come work for free on the promise that something might work out for you in the future. Sounds like a startup that doesn't even give you equity.
Oh, but the job opportunities you say! Anyone who is a half decent coder can get a job at one of the many many Bitcoin companies that are in desperate needs of developers. You don't need to be in Wired magazine touting the next big thing^tm.
Don't get me wrong, working on open source projects to better yourself and the platform is noble, but don't get suckered into the fantasy that this is some end game. If OB gets stooped in bad PR (which it inevitably will) we will see how many people want to hire you after that. Be careful out there people, don't get suckered into hype. 
@_date: 2014-05-21 07:40:29
Amazing, thank you.
@_date: 2014-01-10 19:47:39
Yea I organize the [devs]( meetup. You should come out some time!
@_date: 2014-06-18 18:39:10
This service is a response to what has happened with Gox, pools and other bad actors in the Bitcoin space.
We hope to provide more granular insights into what is going on _right now_ in Bitcoin while storing all the events that don't make it into the blockchain. We are considering accepting donated data on malleated transactions, orphaned blocks etc... and are open to suggestions on what data to display and/or how to best display it. Feedback welcome and encouraged.
@_date: 2014-03-01 04:35:01
Before I start, let me be clear: don't take this as a personal attack. These are just some general feelings I have come to experience during this fiasco.


I have no doubt about that, yet there is no indication that someone with background in the industry who posted on Reddit will have any influence on what type of audit will be done and/or who will do it. I am mainly concerned that if you plant an idea, be it a glimmer of hope or a seed of anger, there are real life consequences for the people involved. You don't know who is reading this and how they will react; perhaps it pushes someone over the edge and they seek their own sort of justice; or perhaps someone will take out a loan in hopes of the return of the goxbucks because an expert on Reddit said the funds are still recoverable. You really never know. 
I just don't like making assumptions. They lead to bad choices more often then not. At this point the situation is out of our hands... trying to play investigator without full knowledge can be dangerous. 
oh and forgive my ignorance, but what is the BTFC?
@_date: 2014-06-29 21:12:09
Hmmm, let's take a second look. The OP claims that Bitcoin can connect the world's financial system; an interesting point but one that doesn't really have substance when you look at the shortcomings of the protocol. then dutifully points out that the incentive mechanisms (and thus the economics) of mining are broken and most likely will not stand the test of widespread international usage (at least not in its current form) without some major setbacks along the way.
To be fair, he didn't elaborate on the point much and was sparse on details, but he certainly made a point worth debating. No one bothered to take him up on it, but they did feel so inclined to downvote him. I'd be more than happy to discuss it further if you like.
But does it really matter that no one bothered to explain themselves? No, not really, it was mainly just a point I felt worth mentioning as it lines up with the selective (mis)understandings this subreddit has been brewing in for quite some time. And I say that with respect because Bitcoin has so many amazing features that it is quite easy to overlook some of the major issues it has.
@_date: 2014-09-07 02:33:01
You realize how ironic that meme is given the content of the OP?
@_date: 2014-11-17 20:15:22


Probably not worth much, since the power could be under their control but pointed elsewhere for the time being. We already know that miners can increase their marginal revenue more readily if they are pointing some of their hashing power at other pools but witholding solved blocks (citation will be added later - edit: u/koeppelmann to the rescue in the grandchild post).
@_date: 2014-03-08 02:09:11
It's pretty clear they are trying to make an example out of him. The reporters at the arrest scene and the timing of the event (NYDFS hearings) are indicative of that.
FinCEN rules are very clear, albeit perhaps not at the time. Regardless, Charlie was the Compliance Officer for his company; as such he had a duty to report suspicious activity. Regardless of whether you think that is write or wrong because it is xyz steps removed from the 'real crime' is really irrelevant to this specific case. We can opine about morality all we like, **and to be fair I do agree with you that criminal liability for small businesses but not banks in these scenarios is wildly unjust**, but that won't help Charlie's case.
And to make it worse he is parading around on talk shows and media appearances talking about his case, saying things that will absolutely be used against him in the court of law. It's all a bit sad really; in my eyes he is looking for communal validation of his woes which makes him appear even more guilty then he already does. I think it it would be in his best interest to look inward and focus exclusively on building his defense.
Charlie broke the law and the chickens have come home to roost. The charges are no different then anyone else in his position might be subject to. Obviously there is quite a bit of prosecutorial discretion involved, so there is 'special' treatment insofar as they are exemplifying him, but there is certainly no bending of the sentencing guidelines. 
edit: spelling fixed, emphasis added, clarity injected.
@_date: 2014-03-08 02:32:48
Right, and I agree with you.
In all honesty I would be happy to file the report on Charlie's behalf. I have met him a few times, we run in the same circles in NYC. However he could probably just do it himself or have his lawyer file. That would make more sense, although I doubt much information would be coughed up.
@_date: 2014-11-09 07:48:18
Using the name 'mempool' for this blog implies some kind of technical underpinning, but alas, all I read are incoherent confabulations (except for a few articles) that are firmly established in the joker category by the curator's attempt to legitimize various viewpoints with proximity to Satoshi's work and other source materials found in the literature section. 
Just as those who traded silk for spice on the real Silk Road were not the most important people in the history of barter, DPR/Silk Road is most certainly not the 'second most important person/establishment' in Bitcoin's history. Sure, usage there was voluminous and the PR pervasive, but this author has misrepresented the story. It is no secret that criminals are usually the first to adopt nascent technology. Does that make them any more important than anyone else in the history of technology? Probably not.
Anyway, prior to the Silk Road, trade of illicit goods on the internet happened largely with currencies like E-Gold and Liberty Reserve, although there were lesser known public marketplaces that used Bitcoin. Apparently the author didn't witness those marketplaces, so they must not have occurred nor did they play a role in Silk Road's ideation. /s
Had DPR attempted to create the Silk Road with centralized currencies, it would never have flourished (I use the word loosely, since so many of the vendors/admins are now in jail) in such a public manner. Thus the Silk Road didn't "make" Bitcoin, Bitcoin made the Silk Road. Bitcoin is good for censorship free movement of funds. Silk Road happened to build on that foundation and pointed interested parties in the right direction. But to assume that Bitcoin would not have flourished without the Silk Road is missing the point.
In reality this article reads more like hyperbole, self aggrandizement and romanticization of the DPR character than a critical look at Bitcoin's history. For example:


Oh really? I wonder what the vendors/admins/DPR are thinking as they sit in jail right now. And do you think the buyers on SR2 are fearless as their plaintext addresses are being pored over by the FBI and friends?


Do you think Blake Benthall agrees with that?
The real heroes of Bitcoin are the people maintaining and working on the plumbing. DPR was nothing more than an opportunist in the right place at the right time. Anyway, trying to lay out a hierarchy of important figures in Bitcoin will likely bare no fruit, as it is nothing more than an exercise in relative judgments that produce no tangible results.
Sad state of affairs over at the "Nakamoto Institute." 
@_date: 2014-04-10 15:44:03




Ah okay, I was under the impression that the coins going into the side chain would be 'frozen' in some way, obviously via some [combination] of op codes. That's the part that scares me I guess.
@_date: 2014-06-21 16:27:01
It's a very good point, and a concerning one as well.
Here are a few possible answers:
* Bitcoin is going to find itself stuck in a niche (source:  because it just doesn't really solve any problems for the 'developed' world that can't be solved through traditional means.
* It's not easy enough to use, thus people are getting discouraged from using it. Better tools to use Bitcoin would solve this problem.
* People just don't care about Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-22 00:39:36
I always find it curious when I see someone claim that a plainly stated post is condescending; it makes me wonder how they are listening, especially when I avoided hyperbole (my reference to 'crying' was a reference to crying wolf, not literal crying). But you're totally right, my comments about your credibility only apply to my specific judgment on the matter, no one else's. I apologize for that and if you thought I was somehow speaking down to you. You'll have to forgive me for not investigating the name of your service before I posted, I only said "some Bitcoin service" because that is how I saw it. Some Bitcoin service that is similar to Coinbase, the only information that I felt was necessary in formulating an opinion about the situation at hand. Notably however, you have already succeeded in being condescending with your post.
Anyway, I do agree that it is important Peter state his alliances when he specifically recommends another service and I think he has conceded that point by editing his post. If he makes the same mistake again, you and I will surely be in the same camp. 
However, if you read your initial response more carefully, it was more than just pointing out Peter's wrongdoing, you actually accuse him of acting maliciously. This is where I believe you cross the line. It is almost beginning to sound like your service may be using an alternative implementation of the protocol (or makign some dev decision that goes contrary to Peter's opinion) and you are building a foundation to support that position. If you want to speak of conflict of interest, perhaps look inward.* Instead of accusing someone publicly through an account of a CEO of Novauri (see, I looked it up that time) maybe there is a better way to do it. I'll let you decide that for yourself.
I know Peter has spoken with Coinbase many times about their use of bitcoin-ruby and they clearly don't care. So there is only one other place to air out the concern: in public. Next time let's hope he discloses his alliances! FWIW, I think he is just being honest with the community and did not have mal-intent. I think he cares so deeply for Bitcoin that disclosing his alliances takes a back seat!
But let's just leave it at that and walk away from this conversation, neither of us have any more to gain from it.
*Again, I don't necessarily think that is true, but one could certainly interpret it that way.
doubleedit:in case it wasn't clear, i edited the original post to reflect my mistake by crossing it out and fixing it. two wrongs don't make a right.
@_date: 2014-06-23 20:18:55
They decide when to sell it, and that choice alone can lead to a number of outcomes (both good and bad). If they are going to incur a loss by converting your btc into dollars at a certain point in time, don't you think they would want to wait until the next up swing? Of course they will. 
That strategy is all good and well until Bitcoin crashes and they didn't trade perfectly all the way down. So when I say it's a scam, I don't mean they are going to steal your money, they are just going to provide a service they can't deliver in the scenario when Bitcoin goes to 0. 
@_date: 2014-02-17 20:39:22
BitDevs NYC is putting on a Capture the Coin style [Hackathon]( at NYC Bitcoin Center Saturday.
Come out and have a good time hacking a wallet... maybe even win some coin :)
@_date: 2014-09-22 00:58:36
You have to google it to find it, which is odd.
Either way I think this is BS volume. Sorry, just don't believe it. I can't back it up with proof either (neither can they), although if there are major dips in price you will see telltale signs on their charts. [0]
[0] 
@_date: 2014-04-05 18:24:17
ah, interesting. Will have to think this over before I comment on the efficacy. 
@_date: 2014-01-17 07:01:39
I didn't watch the video, but I can tell you what Ryan Singer told me (co-founder of Tradehill) about IAFCU's pull out from the Bitcoin space.
I don't remember the numbers exactly, but from what I understand IAFCU screwed themselves over. Basically when Bitfloors processed their withdrawals through IAFCU, it amounted to [I think] $5 million USD. They only had two million in collateral/assets on hand and processed more than twice that. 
As a credit union that's a big no no. They got a call from the credit union association (or whatever its called) and were instructed to reign in the party before they caused any more trouble with their newfound Bitcoin interests.
@_date: 2014-04-10 14:13:23
Well I was operating under the assumption that "Bitcoin is a car traveling at 100MPH and making major changes is like trying to fix a flat without stopping." I don't know what exactly could go wrong here, but I would bet one misstep could cause a lot of damage to network and its reputation with the public.
You guys historically have never made a change like this, which was another reason for my pessimism. I'd be happy to be wrong, as you are the one who knows best here. So I'm happy to bite my tongue.
@_date: 2014-06-17 20:39:44
Don't expose yourself or your operation with tours of the facilities, that seems like unnecessary risk. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 08:33:04
Nope. The seizure was actually a [cover]( for a larger investigation. This does not hurt gox's bottom line unless they are running a ponzi.
@_date: 2014-01-10 19:20:44
rsvp'd, thanks for the link. Should be interesting to see who they call as witnesses.
@_date: 2014-12-21 22:37:24
You were so close to seeing the real problem here, but you just missed it.


and if you'll allow me to finish the quote with my own words" '...but it's indicative of a deeper problem that Coinbase has, something that reaches down into its developmental (in)competency; more specifically, its choice of using bitcoin-ruby in production.' 
It's already been explained why this is a serious concern for both the Bitcoin network and Coinbase's customers, so I don't think I need to explain myself any further. All in all, this problem whittles down to that simple fact which the community deserves to have a thorough understanding of. This is why I think Peter chose to air it out in such a manner and I think he was justified in this specific instance. Like I said earlier, there are other instances where this would not be justified.
@_date: 2014-03-15 03:26:37
That is incorrect. You actually can't always connect inputs to their respective UTXOs. That's why CoinJoin works. 
@_date: 2014-03-11 19:32:41
Of course not. 
However, if a state backed malicious actor has a hardware level backdoor that doesn't mean they are actively exploiting it. In that case you would not see any data transmitted until you are the subject of an attack. As such  would probably never see any odd data being transmitted if you bought the device just to test it out.
@_date: 2014-06-18 19:08:13
Oh and I almost forgot, there has been one. Meant to link this: 
@_date: 2014-06-14 01:11:45


Then you don't understand what socrates1024 would change or how said change would be a substantial improvement to the current system (combined with other efforts). This comment really paints that picture:


You basically prove hightorque's point here. Pool operators (and their subscribers) are clearly not acting rationally, thus the only way to disincentive them is to purge pools from the system altogether (that's where the socrates' puzzle comes in). Hence the OP's submission.
You are "bitching" (your words, not mine) about how "incentives are most important" but then somehow conclude "donating to p2pool" is a reasonable solution to that incentive problem, when again, there is no indication that miners or bitcoiners are acting rationally. 


The OP called for a discussion around the possibility of a change to Bitcoin that would require a hard fork, and all you did was retort with some comment about how he has no idea what he is talking about. 
edit:toned down
@_date: 2014-01-20 19:09:02
I spoke with their CTO, there was a vuln in the helpdesk software... somehow the hacker used that and snaked through their servers and got the funds. They no longer have a wallet service and are making amends. Sucks that it happened but so it goes...
@_date: 2014-09-21 17:46:46
Haha, I edited the post but you replied before I got the edit in. I admit the username comment was stupid, that's why I removed it. But pardon me for not checking Reddit every day.
And the source is tricky with the outstanding BitLicense proposal. But for now, all Bitcoin businesses fall under the existing MSB regulatory regime. What's the source for that? Call up NYDFS and find out for yourself.
@_date: 2014-03-19 22:52:46
Modular node, huge win for enterprise custies. Now we just need to get more of these Bitcoin companies giving back to the community not just waiting for Gavin, Jeff/Bitpay and co. to do all the hard work! 
@_date: 2014-03-19 04:21:45
BitPay, Jeff and co. thank you. Thank you for your hard work making these great tools for the community. You are paving the way for enterprise and consumer software (I am huge advocate for your 'border router' schema for bitcoind).
@_date: 2014-07-02 02:28:58


There is nothing "edge case[y]" about a social engineering attack. That is standard procedure for hackers, please don't be misleading. Hacks that stem from Google Docs have proliferated for quite some time.
@_date: 2014-03-24 14:41:53
Is that your IP in the picture? If so you should remove it. 
@_date: 2014-09-09 00:14:53
We can consider this "good news" once people actually start spending their Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-04-08 05:59:43
Enjoy that, I manage the blog. If you have any papers I didn't submit feel free to email me them I'll be happy to post them.
@_date: 2014-01-16 23:57:25
...their website and whatever features it has....
@_date: 2014-03-07 22:44:05
Would be nice if these coins could be forwarded to a multi sig address, with keys being held by three or four trusted parties elected by the community. Despite the unfortunate situation at hand, this is a nice opportunity for Bitcoiners to exercise this aspect of the protocol so the media can stop hounding the poor man and can instead focus on yet another elegant reason why this technology exists.
@_date: 2014-05-25 03:08:27
Thanks. I am actually working on a custom node with a few people that will have direct connections to each major pool to record orphans. There doesn't appear to be any reliable data on the subject. 
@_date: 2014-05-19 06:46:20
So you're saying they don't offer the product you described in this thread: 
edit:so they just basically back your bitcoin with their own money? what....


double edit: it's hard to audit cash reserves, how do you know they aren't playing with their money behind the scenes? Because a big four accounting firm audits you a few times a year?
@_date: 2014-03-11 01:21:11
I wish it was the simple. If the NSA can knock on anyone's backdoor and be granted access then what's the use? 
In other words, if every keystroke on your Android and iPhone is being logged... what good is the encryption?
@_date: 2014-03-27 03:14:16
Peter has always been a fishy character. Depending on who you ask there are varying degrees of distaste for his behavior. Take CoinLab's 'incubation' of now bankrupt Alydian. They are being pursued in court by investors for their money back, situation looks grim. Peter is smack in the middle of that.
There is also his ongoing lawsuit with Gox. Gox is accusing CoinLab of stealing millions in customer funds as well as making false promises as to their ability to provide Gox with proper licensing to operate legally in the US (well, they promised they had some "loophole"). The court documents are floating around, search and you shall find.
It begs the question why exactly did he start the Foundation in the first place? What's his ulterior motive? 
@_date: 2014-04-09 06:20:28
Well, if you are into C# there are a couple cool projects which you might want to check out:
Among others... 
@_date: 2014-04-12 23:24:10
You make some great points, and you know I agree with you as we had a similar conversation earlier. I think in the case of side chains it would be prudent for the creators to court pools before they mine the genesis block and come up with some kind of incentive structure to keep them honest.
What would that look like and would it be cryptographically provable? I'm not sure.
@_date: 2014-12-30 07:23:43
As I understand it, so long as the scheme is compatible with the SPV proofs outlined in the Blockstream paper the design of the sidechain is fairly flexible.
@_date: 2014-09-06 04:16:28
Thoughtful piece, it is refreshing to see articles of this nature, you don't see them enough. You make a lot of good points, let's go through them.


There is no doubt in my mind that some of the 2.0 projects have novel and interesting use cases. Whether or not there is a _mass_ market for these use cases is an entirely different conversation. First you have to ask _why_ one might want to use one of these platforms as opposed to their centralized counterparts? I'd imagine because access to the centralized alternatives is: illegal; unavailable; doesn't exist; or otherwise too burdensome to access (be it regulatory, privacy, ideological barrier etc...).   
Why is that the case? The fact of the matter is that the centralized offerings of xyz app/site will most likely be faster, easier to use, more scalable and will generally use less resources than their "decentralized" (I use the word lightly) counterparts. So before one can even discuss what people want and don't want, you must first assess the reality of the situation: decentralized apps do not end up in the convenient or "easy to use" category without serious hand holding and/or gateway companies that makes said protocol easier to interface with. So to reiterate my first point, immediately you have a fairly serious predicament: the market for decentralized apps is largely made up of those who have no other choice or are ideologically motivated. That's a pretty small pool, and it's also one that is often targeted by law enforcement. This inevitably becomes a negative feedback loop.
Take storj for example. I imagine storage nodes are going to have a hell of a time dealing with LE because of the bad actors that will store cp and other nasty content. Once knowledge of that proliferates, most people won't touch it with a ten foot pole. 
In order to fight this one would have to build a 2.0 protocol that provides a service/good that is not only unreproducible and/or better performing than its centralized counterpart, but also avoids activity that scares the general populous away. If you've got some decentralized stock exchange full of illegal securities, why would the guy trying to run "clean" operation want to be on the same platform as those guys? Doesn't it make them look bad? (side note: these are not all my personal beliefs per se, just how I imagine genpop will react to such scenarios). 


Despite the number of extremely intelligent and thoughtful people working on many of these 2.0 projects that I have had the pleasure of interacting with, it is still not totally clear to me how widely applicable and useful their applications are. It's easy to validate your ideas among crypto enthusiasts, but the second you step outside the bubble, you often find these protocols grasping for use cases that most people don't _really_ seem to care about or find useful in any meaningful way. It's not even a chicken or the egg problem. One could reasonably argue there is no egg, or that the egg is not holding its weight in the dilemma, so to speak.


The "zero sum" aspect of a lot of these IPOs is extremely troubling. There is little to no accountability to the developers and the amount of pumping and dumping makes the coins effectively useless as stores of value, pushing people away right off the bat. There is a lot to say on this subject but it's a post all its own. I'll save that for another time.


Yes, I imagine there will be a massive bust and when the dust settles the few left will be the ones that have genuine value propositions. 


All great questions, people should ask these questions more often. Instead of looking inward put yourself in the shoes of a non-Bitcoiner who has no immediate use case for Bitcoin or any of these 2.0 protocols. What do you see?
@_date: 2014-11-07 16:00:50
Then you haven't listened to his many rants where he poo poos every major Bitcoin company and claims they are 'doing Bitcoin wrong.' Sources can be provided.
@_date: 2014-03-30 15:28:01




Steven Goldfeder, Joseph Bonneau, Edward Felten, Joshua Kroll, Arvind Narayanan - Princeton 
@_date: 2014-11-09 18:29:51
Did you expect the government just to let Bitcoin fly without being regulated? Since when did they do that? They are doing the same with Uber, AirBNB and Tesla. That doesn't mean there is an "operation" against it (although I would say those three are more of a threat to local businesses than Bitcoin currently is to credit cards and fiat monies and do _actually_ have extremely vocal agents working to stop them in their tracks). 


That's simply not true. Take a look at the press release headlines from the [DOJ]( in regards to the most recent busts. Bitcoin is not even in the headline.
@_date: 2014-07-15 16:34:40
Lol, right. Another endless 'waitlist' for a debit card that probably doesn't exist (aka no payment network). Coindesk is such a joke sometimes, they just post articles so they have content. How many times have the posted "one month" for Xapo's debit card solution? now this ANX crap.
@_date: 2014-06-18 19:44:10
Everything is a bit bare bones at the moment, we will be displaying lots more info soon. Good point, thanks.
@_date: 2014-03-01 03:52:28
The assumptive capacity of this subreddit never cease to amaze me. If the past week has taught us anything, it should be obvious that we should not make assumptions about _anything_.
Let's wait till the dust settles and see what really happened as opposed to making up elaborate stories that may or may not be what happened. You say you don't want to give people false hope. So don't. 
@_date: 2014-02-20 18:46:40
If you don't have a Meetup account and are interested in attending, please RSVP to bitdevsnyc {at} gmail. 
Should be a lot of fun. $5 to enter; your entry funds get pooled in the vulnerable wallet you get to hack. From the event page:






@_date: 2014-12-31 08:05:59
Yep. The marginal cost for an attack on a merged mined chain is fairly low, not much different than the costs accrued by an entity in control of a botnet or significant GPU based hashing power attacking an alt coin. I'd consider both to have poor security models, but maybe my words were a bit too harsh.
@_date: 2014-12-27 21:51:42
I'm not sure why you keep getting down voted. 
Relating addresses on the blockchain is notoriously hard to get right, most academic research in the space comes up short. Once you get a hop away, without some other source of information you will often find yourself pulling at straws unless the funds get pooled back together further down (or up, rather) the chain. 
@_date: 2014-10-30 19:36:35


Sure of course. And if that's the case you may as well use Ripple and hold a USD balance with one of their gateways. At least you know you will get you money no matter what happens to Bitcoin. 
Why cross your fingers and hope that BitReserve will do the right thing? For a company like this you would assume their ToS and FAQ would be rich with information, but it's not. As it stands right now, you are giving them a risk free loan. That's all there is to say on the subject really.
@_date: 2014-12-27 21:32:24
Each party in a CJ transaction individually signs their inputs and then the inputs are collected by the oracle/server that is matching the inputs. No private keys need to be leaked.
@_date: 2014-11-09 17:09:49
And this is why r/Buttcoin exists. To make fun of Bitcoiners who are self deluded enough to think the government is spending Big Money^TM to undermine the Bitcoin "threat."
There is no question that astroturfing happens, we saw it with the Stratfor leaks and we saw it again with Snowden. But to think the government has "infiltrated" r/Bitcoin to shill full time is... well... a joke. People ask where all the negativity is coming from? Perhaps take a look inward and realize that Bitcoin isn't all peaches and roses. When a few people question the hive mind they automagically become statist shills. There is little room for healthy debate here. 
With all heads pointed towards the "moon," the confirmation bias is off the charts. It's funny, because when you look at it from that perspective, guess who becomes the real shills? Yep, that's right... those in this sub that are heavily "hodl'd down" who have a financial incentive to suppress negativity and ignore some of Bitcoin's shortcomings to increase their purse's value. Sure Bitcoin is great and the blockchain is super fucking cool, but Bitcoin is not the end all be all. It certainly is not going to replace the dollar anytime soon and the government knows it. They don't need to send shills in here to vote brigade because Bitcoiners do all the work for them. This place is a huge circle jerk and any informed individual looking from the outside in can quickly realize it.
I implore you to find a list of posts you think were started by state sponsored shills and list them here. Let's take a look and see what you find. If you can find any evidence of the following sort as well, I would love to see the evidence:


I'm going to get downvoted heavily for this, but before you do I ask you to instead engage me in some rational discussion. The downvote button should be reserved for spam. If you do however downvote me, recognize that you are acting no more honorably than the supposed government "shills" you are on a witch hunt to uncover.
@_date: 2014-02-18 22:24:47
Anything is possible.
@_date: 2014-05-19 02:14:12
When are people going to learn? Pegged accounts are a BAD idea. Neo tried to push this stupid idea, thankfully they didn't get too far with that.
This is basically a risk free loan to BitReserve. Let's say the price of Bitcoin shoots up. Cool, BitReserve shaves your Bitcoin balance makes a nice bit of money for themselves and you still have the same amount in dollars that you deposited when you first opened your account.
Now let's say the opposite happens, Bitcoin fails and it goes to 0. Guess what, BitReserve didn't lose anything, you did! Your money is all gone and they could care less, because they have no way of ever recovering your funds no matter how many Bitcoin they put in your account. They are worthless. Or even if it didn't go to 0, they would have to be hedging their volatiility risk and trading all the way down, not an easy feat. Especially when you have lots of deposits. 
This is not a new or novel concept, it was tried by Bridgewalker and Neo and now these clowns. Steer clear people. Bad vibes.
@_date: 2014-11-17 15:50:37
This is still an untenable mining landscape IMO. Any pool in the double digits is a problem, although requiring 4 to collude instead of 1 or 2 is certainly not a bad thing. There is still the opportunity for a well timed attack on these pools that could result in one pool having leverage against the network for however long the attack lasts.
It's yet to be seen how the landscape will unfold in the next 5-10 years if/when Bitcoin becomes a larger force in the global economy. So while things are kinda okay now, that doesn't mean that it will always be as such and the possibility for problems is not there.
Discus looks like it will develop into the next problem pool, we'll see what happens.
@_date: 2014-04-20 14:32:17
No, that's not what I meant. IMO CoinJoin has higher value add as a basic privacy tool for the network then it does for money laundering. Bitcoin is a public ledger, it's hard to stay private. People will want some modicum of privacy as time goes on, and CJ is the perfect means to that end. Money laundering is a use case yes, but it's not the only one nor is it necessarily the most important one. By calling CJ exclusively a money laundering tool you are practicing reductionism. 
@_date: 2014-01-28 04:18:56
Yes, it would appear so. I know Alex Waters took over as CTO at some point but I don't think he was ever considered the cofounder. 
@_date: 2014-09-05 14:13:45


Ah you know what, I misunderstood you. So you are saying that if you participate in the transaction as an honest party (on the BTC side) while the CC side is fraudulent, you can be held accountable for the misdeeds of the fraudster. I am not sure that is the case, perhaps there is some precedent set for a scenario like that. My hunch would be that the honest party has plausible deniability and that the fault would lie instead with the dishonest party and Purse for not doing their diligence on their customers. But I guess time will tell....
@_date: 2014-12-05 06:29:50
I didn't comment on that part of the thread. In fact, if you read more closely, all I did was point out the parent's factual mistake. I didn't comment on that issue because I'm not interested in engaging in that debate.
You can't tell people what to do and not to do with a decentralized digital currency... that's the whole point. 
@_date: 2014-03-09 23:37:14


For real? Wow, I never knew that. I wonder if he was around when they gave the backdoor keys to the FBI/DEA/NSA etc...
@_date: 2014-12-03 16:44:01
Classic security theater.
Edit: Oh, and for those who say the browser plugin secures you from this, you're wrong. At least in Firefox. Chrome sandboxes addons, FF does not. Stay safe people.
@_date: 2014-09-06 16:34:03
I think it would be unfair to say that somehow Storj will be some panacea of security (there isn't such a thing). It will just require different attack vectors that don't include security questions; i.e. it will require direct access to the target's machine (which is not unheard of). Sure security questions made it easy for people to get into iCloud, but when a bad actor wants something, they will find a way to get it.
@_date: 2014-05-23 10:59:27
It's not an easy task to capture all of the orphaned blocks as you need a very well connected node. So in that sense they may be innacurate, but that would mean they would have lower numbers of orphans than what really occured. Not the other way around. 
Either something is causing false positives, there were actually that many orphaned blocks (e.g. selfish mining) or their stats are _really_ broken.
@_date: 2014-07-29 21:08:02
Can you point to me where they say that?
@_date: 2014-03-08 17:11:02
I would like to know what these facts are regardless of whether or not they bow to your attempt at blackmail. For that reason alone this entire dog and pony show is worthless. 
edit:toned it down
@_date: 2014-04-10 16:34:00
They are absolutely possible. It's a function of adding some op codes to Bitcoin's scripting language that will allow coins to be "suspended" while assigned to a side chain.
@_date: 2014-12-25 19:55:25


Ah yes, don't let people take responsibility for their actions. That will really help them overcome their addiction. 
@_date: 2014-03-02 11:58:05
Perhaps you didn't see the r/findthebostonbomber subreddit?
There are already talks of gox employees being stalked and the like. It's just absolutely unacceptable in my book.
@_date: 2014-12-19 05:38:16
This is a really unfortunate situation, but people in this thread burning Purse at the stake have missed the forest for the trees. Sure, Purse offers a service that is attractive to fraudsters. It's also attractive to regular folk who have no interest in such activity; they just want some cheap Amazon product or some Bitcoin! There is nothing inherently wrong with that. However, it seems like everyone in this thread is so quick to bend over to the fraudsters and let them rule what kind of services we should and shouldn't have. That's a sad state of affairs if you ask me.
Could Purse have better anti fraud system? I really have no idea, and neither does anyone in this thread other than the What we do know is that credit cards have crappy security, as do their guardians (Target, Home Depot, etc...) so it is no surprise that they get stolen and sold on the black market. And again, it's no surprise that the purchasers of these stolen cards are looking for clever ways to offload them. What people should really be mad about is the ease at which stolen CCs can be acquired and used and how the wrongdoings of a real bad guy get dumped on an innocent's doorstep. 
Now, if you can't see why Purse is a cool service at it's core that has use outside the fraud scene then that's fine! You simply don't have the perspective of others who actually use the service above board. Just leave it at that and stop undermining your own credibility. 
@_date: 2014-02-01 18:25:32
Interesting comment, I hope you see the irony.
It also seems you have misinterpreted Satoshi and chosen to ignore some of the shortcomings of Bitcoin. From the whitepaper:


So to be clear, using a trust third party in Bitcoin is not sacrilege; in fact, the beauty of Bitcoin is that you can have any flavor you like: straight p2p or with the help of a TTP. It's the choice that counts. 
Also the limitations Bitcoin has serving micropayments (channels aside) are real problems that a TTP could absolutely handle with grace. Seeing as it will save the blockchain from bloat, it will lower transaction costs and it will confirm instantly... that's not so bad. And no one said you had to use their service.
@_date: 2014-10-30 18:56:05
If there is a _catastrophic_ failure with the crypto and all private keys are compromised, then no they will not be traded for novelty because they can't be secured. I'm not saying that will happen, but anything is possible.
@_date: 2014-09-21 16:42:22
Considering the low barrier to entry to creating a blockchain wallet, I would say no. Bots could pretty easily be dishing out wallets and no one would be the wiser.
@_date: 2014-03-20 04:33:48
You don't need backdoor access to a money service business's records when you have the keys to the front door (see: FinCEN).
@_date: 2014-10-11 18:40:16


Exactly. Miners are incentivized to turn off their hashing power in lieu of protecting the network if the subsidies do not cover their costs. And if you're okay with Bitcoin being less secure, that's fine. But would you want to move millions of dollars of value on a system that is only protected by 50 million dollars of hashing power (where double spend attacks by the receiver may net twice that amount?). 
What I was ultimately getting at is that the current hashing power is _unsustainable_ unless there are increases in tx volume and/or a significant increase in the price of Bitcoin. That's some cause for concern, in my opinion. That's fine if you disagree.


Did you read what you wrote here? Where did I say I don't like Finney Attacks? I think they are a rational thing to do. I'm not saying these things will destroy the network, simply that they make it a more dangerous place to navigate. If miners had enough hashing power they could start enforcing blacklists. That's some seriously bad stuff. But my philosophy is that if something _can_ be done on the network, you should assume it _will_ be done.


How can you say something like that? Look at what has happened with BTCGuild, DeepBit, and Ghash, those are all instances where individual miners actually undermined the security of the network by allowing their miners to fuel 51% pools. That's classic tragedy of the commons. What makes you think it won't happen in other ways?
Is that supposed to convince me? 


You said three things, I asked for sources. Stop making this personal. 


Again, I'm not saying these things will destroy the network. Why do you keep going there? The etc.. behavior I was referring to are things you see at places like Eligius, where they blacklist certain transactions from their blocks. It's possible to think that other miners might adopt similar tactics if required by their local governments or paid to do it by some willing actor. [FRONT]( attacks could slow the network for hours as miners fight for high fee txs. Stuff like that is all possible.


Again, Bitcoin will tick on until everyone turns their miners off. I'm not saying these things will break Bitcoin. I think Bitcoin is pretty strong, but that doesn't make it perfect. You can try and brush off my concerns because Bitcoin still "ticks on" but what does that mean really? They are still there. A fast car can still drive with a crappy transmission, that doesn't mean it couldn't use some improvement.
@_date: 2014-12-05 08:03:38
I didn't say I didn't like them because they have not done a proof of reserves. In fact, my concerns are their general transparency in their higher level business dealings (i.e. what they say and what is really being done). How exactly do you expect to get your money back if Bitcoin goes to 0? They don't do anything but Bitcoin withdrawals. There is no indication of how they deal with this possible outcome in their terms of service.
And for what it's worth, the term "proof of reserves" as it has been used in the Bitcoin community generally implies some kind of public auditability, i.e. a blockchain. They certainly can have third party firms audit their holdings (as I mentioned in my prior post) but that falls short of the semantics (which is the whole point of the post in the first place), for you are still trusting whoever is doing the auditing. So it's proof of your trust in them. Not proof of reserves. Very different things. 
Anyways, you're right about it not being fact, but my opinion. Now that you know we disagree, I think we can settle on that outcome.
@_date: 2014-03-26 08:06:36


To me this really paints the picture as to how misguided Leah was about the whole "well we know where lots of millionaires live that doesn't mean they are under constant threat." I know Gwern has been threatened with blackmail and such a few times as well. 
Not to kick a dead horse, but Leah you really did put an old man and his family in danger; be it physical, financial and/or emotional.
@_date: 2014-04-11 04:00:22
Is there any reason you couldn't daisy chain these side chains? So exit Bitcoin into one side chain and enter back into Bitcoin from another side chain entirely?
edit: spelling
@_date: 2014-09-07 00:42:51
Thanks for taking the time to respond. Know that I respect your work and wish you and your team the best. Good luck.
@_date: 2014-12-21 02:43:25
Here is a breakdown of the numbers for you: 
 
@_date: 2014-03-09 00:16:34
i dun goofed
@_date: 2014-06-29 18:11:45
Downvotes to a valid point with no explanation? Classic @_date: 2014-06-23 20:00:25
Stop, take a deep breath and read this sentence you just wrote:


Do you understand what it takes to make money off exchange rate? Or perhaps you think it's just some magical thing that just happens; if so thats alright you are just misinformed.
We can continue this conversation if you are open to deep investigation of the problem. If not please don't respond to this and waste my time. 
@_date: 2014-09-07 02:27:49


A fair point, and one which I would normally use myself, but Dark Market was not advertised as a service to hammer nails into the wall, so to speak. It was devised to explicitly enable trade of goods not deemed acceptable by the "system." OB has been rebranded, yes, and I do hope that will be its saving grace. But there are no guarantees.


You've missed the point of my post. I'm not saying don't work there, but if you are trying to allure developers into a project it is best that they understand all _possible_ outcomes. If you don't it seems dishonest and genuinely deceptive. 
@_date: 2014-03-19 06:01:34
Really solid post, thanks so much wildbunny!
@_date: 2014-09-13 03:45:11
*He says with 0 respect as he receives Bitcoin in his BitcoinJ powered wallet*
@_date: 2014-06-26 00:46:59
Matt Miller:


That's a misnomer. Counterparty risk lies with miners and nodes. You trust nodes to propagate your transactions and store them in the mempool and you trust miners to put it into a block, just as you trust PayPal not to freeze your funds (this becomes a reality when you see large mining pools).
@_date: 2014-09-07 00:02:16
No one said anything about begging, I'd be curious to know how you deduced that from my comment. What struck me as odd about this "call to arms," if you will, is that it was nothing more than a well crafted marketing ploy wrapped in a blanket of bold promises, none of which were weighed against the possible downsides/reality of working on an OS project of this nature.
Let's take a look at some choice quotes:






Wow, that's a lot of money to be made! One guy even got some job offers, cool! Can you prove any of those statements will be true for everyone else? Of course not. You can't even tell me right now that OB will be popular outside and Now, does it really matter that you can't prove those things? Not really, because any astute reader would realize this guy is talking out of his ass and hoping people don't take a second look.
But don't get me wrong, working on open source has a lot of upside, there is no question about it. There have been million of commits to tens of thousands of projects over the course of history. We wouldn't be having this conversation if FOSS wasn't as important as it is today. There is no denying that or how lucrative OS can be. Look at RedHat... multi billion dollar company which revolves around OS software.
But working on the Linux kernel is a lot different then working on a project once branded as a "Dark Market," a protocol _explicitly_ conceived to avoid local and international law (yaya i know you guys rebranded... but you can't hide from your roots, no matter how hard you try). It wasn't too long ago that Ben Lawsky proposed the BitLicense which almost goes as far as labeling OS developers issuing decentralized 'virtual currencies' as the BitLicense equivalent of an MSB. Let me ask you something... do you think Satoshi was anonymous because he was looking for fortune and fame? Or because he understood the far reaching implications of Bitcoin?
Let me ask you another question: do you think that code is free speech? Maybe today it is... but what about tomorrow? Can you predict the future? And what would that mean for OB? What happens when the cp guys figure out about OB and join the party. You can't stop them, and supposedly neither can LE. So who are they gonna go after? My guess is they will turn their efforts towards the poor saps developing the platform so they deter others from building similar systems. It's the logical course of action (do I condone this behavior? of course not, but who gives a shit what I think).
Now, I'm not one to live in fear and let the man dictate my life, but can you make that choice for other people? And what if they make the mistake of joining up your project under the impression that stacks of cheddar are waiting on the far side of the rainbow, but just end up being blacklisted or worse yet, going to jail?
tl;dr There is a _ton_ of risk working on a project like this, and if you don't think so you are being naive. Puff piece or not, this article is doing an injustice to its audience. Words go a long way, one must be careful which ones they choose.
@_date: 2014-03-19 23:37:10
Did [WSJ]( spill the beans?
@_date: 2014-09-07 03:28:19
No one here is going to tell you that OB is not a great effort to enable p2p trade on a p2p protocol (if they do, you can probably ignore them). The question then becomes... will the good actors outweigh the bad? One can surely hope, but there is no way to prove it one way or the other until it is out in the wild. What we do know, is that just like any new tech, there will inevitably be bad actors. There is no coin without two sides. But before I dig deeper into the question of who will use this, let me address something else.
From the replies I am seeing in this thread, your team seems to have missed the point of people's concerns. Your rhetoric is all we have to work with, and if you and your team are trying to recruit developers, it's important you look around and take stock of your motives and how others experience them. From the OP, at least in my experience, it would seem that it is in large part about the money (as you have now explicitly backed the position; it is probably the case that this is not true, but the OP does not express that). Sure the OP wants to "learn" and build a "legacy" for himself but it seemed like a side note next to all the money making opportunities. 
And that's fine, you are welcome to make money! In fact, that's what most people are in this subreddit to do. We all need to put food on the table. Anyone who is exclusively in it for the ideology would probably be anonymous.
But what does making money and gaining notoriety mean exactly, especially when you can't really promise those things? Not much, if you ask me. In fact, if you are trying to make a promise you can't back with a guarantee, my alarm bells start ringing. Questions I begin to ask myself: why would someone make that promise? What's their motive? Is it self interest? Ideological? Naivete? A combination of all of the above?
You reinforce my concerns with this point:


Of course p2p trade is a low level human interaction, no one is going to debate that! Why do you feel the need to even make that claim? It happens all day every day. You guys aren't the first to attempt it, and it's already possible on the internet (albeit via centralized platforms). One example would be Craigslist. Sure it can be censored and it doesn't have WoT and Ricardian Contracts, but CL doesn't take a cut and you can trade just about anything on there these days. Any "plugins" you add to OB that don't require the p2p protocol, you can be sure will be added to a comparatively similar, yet centralized marketplace. 
So here we are, looking at what you can do on OB that you can't do on CL or a similarly capable centralized marketplace. Illegality immediately comes to mind, which is where my concerns around recruiting developers comes to a head. Why should they work on your platform instead of building a centralized one that does the exact same thing which can avoid all the cp? _This_ is the question you need to answer, which in my opinion, you have not yet fully answered. If the answer is to avoid censorship (ideological) that's fine! Just say it, don't make empty promises about future fortune.


Considering that people can already do p2p trades (albeit via a centralized platform), this just gives them a different modality to execute the trade (i.e. it is an iterated advancement in marketplace and contract technology). It's not a huge leap beyond that, imo.


I'm curious to hear how exactly you are trying to mitigate this, please elaborate.




Way to turn the conversation into an us vs. them scenario, which is exactly how the world is going to experience you as you try and defend your platform from such a perspective. This is very dangerous and I genuinely hope you take a close look at using this sort of logic in the future. It also seems to be an avoidance of the real problem, which is how you are going to address the abuses of your platform (which you know you can't). And that's fine, embrace what you are. If you don't no one else will.
@_date: 2014-12-06 06:08:55
If you are miner with significant hashing power you could do this for "free," in that you could just fill up your block with transactions with no fees or fees paying yourself. In fact, you might be incentivized to do this if you thought higher transaction volume might push the price of Bitcoin up. 
@_date: 2014-03-10 19:05:21
Congrats Ryan, looks great buddy! 
@_date: 2014-03-07 01:09:57


Just do the logical thing... have a subsidiary company in US.
@_date: 2014-07-21 17:02:09
Oh of course, we should have come to you first! Our deepest apologies, I hope we haven't offended the mighty butt. /thread
@_date: 2014-02-26 18:13:04
Charlie you NEED to stop talking like this. You are really doing a disservice to your case by saying these things on air; your rhetoric is well known already, no need to dig your hole deeper for some communal validation of your woes.
@_date: 2014-12-21 22:04:24
Interesting that you think the [future] potential loss of customer funds due to poor development practices supercedes Peter Todd calling out Coinbase over an issue that the public should be made aware of. He has already contacted them so your point there is moot. Why should it be his responsibility to pester Coinbase until a response is given?
As a customer of Coinbase I want to be made aware of these things, I don't care who tells me. It could be Brian Armstrong or Santa Clause himself. The facts of the situation are very clear and Peter Todd is sharing a fact with the community, not fiction. His work committing to Bitcoin Core and his advisory roll at other companies makes him fairly well equipped to make judgments about Coinbase's use of Toshi. Again, he did not solicit a recommendation to use CoinKite until he was asked. I think that is a fair balance. Maybe he would do better next time to ignore the question, it seems like he has already come to that conclusion himself as he is more willing to leave his advisory roll at CoinKite then suppress his opinion to make posters like you happy.
If you would prefer him to not say anything so that the world can be poorly informed about Coinbase, then I would say you are wholly misguided and you would be well equipped to revisit that opinion. 
And to those who downvote me: ask yourself how good you would feel if you lost money at Coinbase because Peter Todd held his tongue to avoid a supposed conflict of interest? 
@_date: 2014-03-13 16:13:49
Intro 0-3:14
Attendee Intros 3:14- 6:45 (audio isn't great for this part)
Weekly development/news discussion 6:45-1:09:00
Presentations start 1:09:59-&gt;end
Olande's Blind Solvency Proof (inspired by Gmaxwell) 
Leaked Gox Code (PHP) and some commentary - Know PHP? Take a look and tell us your thoughts tomorrow!  
Green Addresses, Dodged Bullet (extension of gox situation) 
Blockchain.info's Receive API, sketchy  
Zero KNowledge Contingent Payment (Hash locked transactions, we've gone over this before but the wiki page got a nice update) 
Weekly Hashrate Contributor and Network Statistics 
0.9.0rc2 
Issues/Pull Requests        /  
GnuTLS Bug  
Poloniex Hacked 
Flexcoin Hacked 
Stealing Bitcoin (don't use brainwallets with low entropy!)  
BIP 0038 Cracker (i haven't looked at code, check before using!)  
Address/transaction Visualizer (old) 
Blockchain Parser 
Extract all transactions into an ASCII comma seperated txt file 
Transaction Input Signatures in the Bitcoin Blockchain over time 
Find Reachable nodes in the network 
bitcoinjs-lib (coming together nicely) 
Nimblecoin 
Law firm using multi sig and smart contracts 
Verify QT signatures 
Blockchain.info block explorer alternative (bitcore is a nice js lib for bitcoin related functions!)
 
Alt. implementations of Bitcoin
   
OneName - onename.io
Legitify (title untitleable goods, contact me if interested in working on this project, I will get you in touch with Jayden)
Fantasy Coin trading - DM Greg  for an invite
@_date: 2014-03-24 15:49:30
I concur. There are a few concerns: 
* As mentioned, there is no way of proving their fiat reserves.
* There is no way to know if their security practices are up to snuff. 
* They can still scam you anytime.
Mind you, this is a great start. It certainly can't hurt to do these blind solvency proofs but it is important we understand the limitations and not extend some false sense of security to ourselves regarding an exchange/wallet's overall competency and moral compass.
edit:Also, can we trust the individual who conducted the audit? I feel like parties inside the industry should not be doing these audits. It does not give me any vote of confidence whatsoever that the CTO of Ripple did this. I don't know how friendly he is with the guys over at Kraken or what motives he might have to play funny games.
@_date: 2014-06-26 18:15:49
Core Dev:
(Official) 0.9.2 Release 
Github Issues/Pull Requests (bitcoind)
0.11.3 Released (bitcoinj)
receivePending accepts double spends (bitcoinj)
Payment Request Instant Confirmation BIP
Bitcoin miner heads-up: "getwork" RPC going away
Timelock: time-release encryption incentivised by Bitcoins
Blockhain.info's CoinJoin Implementation is Compromised
Interview with Peter Todd
Mining Stats
Mining Concerns
Non-Outsourceable Puzzle to Prevent Hosted Mining/Mining Pools
Block Withholding Attacks
Marginal Economy vs. Growth Economy (the article, not the podcast)
James Potter - Tradewave
Sergey Nazarov - Secure Asset Exchange
Adam Krellenstein - Counterparty Update
Artur + Ray - Open source wallet and Blockchain API
@_date: 2014-06-26 02:35:28
Sure there is, but if you have a handful entities with &gt;20% of the total hashing power (and some that have pushed 45%) decentralized is not really accurate description of the network's taxonomy.
@_date: 2014-09-30 23:26:32
They should implement a POW to deter sybil/spam.
@_date: 2014-03-19 06:38:09
Look at the charts the day before it was announced Satoshi Dice would be bought out. The price shifted up to slightly above then back down to where it was ultimately sold at. That is indicative of insider trading. [1] Not to mention it was an illegal security. No surprises here.
lol wtf


SEC is asking for the information voluntarily and MP isn't going to give it up. Eric you might have just bought yourself some time.
double edit:
lol you can't make this stuff up


@_date: 2014-03-19 06:03:21
I remember you having some issues with the patch. Were those resolved?
@_date: 2014-10-30 22:55:20


Lol, how big exactly?
@_date: 2014-11-12 03:04:16
Not relevant? My opinion on the OP was not relevant how exactly? Sounds like you got emotional and downvoted because you didn't like/agree with my post.


We don't have to discuss this further, no use continuing the spat.
@_date: 2014-05-20 22:31:10
So what happens if someone deposits a greater amount of Bitcoin then you have in reserve? 


So when do you decide to do this? Under what scenarios do you not do it immediately? 
@_date: 2014-09-07 06:29:36
Good question. While I did in fact indicate that we deal with a lot of the same people, LB does bring us new customers from time to time so it would be silly for us not to post ads there. That said, many of our repeat customers have gone "private" with us, so we serve them outside of LB entirely.
On occasion we deal with certain payment options which are fairly risky on our side so we actually prefer to have the escrow even when we are dealing with people we know.
In the end of the day LB was really a means for us to establish our reputation as a cash settled retail Bitcoin brokerage; now that we have accomplished that we will be moving off LB entirely to a standalone site. It will be ready in a few weeks. Hope that answers your questions.
@_date: 2014-10-30 17:54:54
When they put a disclaimer on their site that makes it clear they cannot protect you from a catastrophic failure of Bitcoin (i.e. it goes to 0) then I will take them off my scummy company list.* Not to mention their "proof of solvency" is nothing more than numbers rendered on a page.
*They have no way to return fiat/commodity monies--you can only withdraw Bitcoin.
Edit: Oh, and one other thing. Their "[pricing]( is also an eyebrow raiser. They don't name a spot price or index, it makes their percentages meaningless. They can just make up whatever prices they want and they don't have to be consistent. 
@_date: 2014-05-30 01:05:08
One of my favorite subreddits. As well as edit: If you can't laugh at yourself you shouldn't be taken seriously.
@_date: 2014-09-11 02:17:37
The bitcoin-security list was wide open for the looking for a few hours, wish I had scraped it.
@_date: 2014-06-26 04:25:55


Of course not, and in that sense you are right Bitcoin is a decentralized system. But it is a decentralized network with an incentive mechanism that provokes pooling. Sure, people left Ghash and the day was saved (as it has been in the past), but what happens when the next major player isn't a good actor? 
Double spends, blacklisting, etc... etc... 
So yea Bitcoin can be "saved" by a white knight with millions to burn on reviving Bitcoin after it has been mauled, but then what? Who do you trust now? Those were more rhetorical we can agree to disagree.
@_date: 2014-03-08 13:26:39
People like me? Interesting comment. Do you always refer to the people you are speaking with like that? 
Anyway, I was referring to his LTB interview where he said some pretty unsavory things about his case... not every interview of his. I haven't listened to them all, I wouldn't know. And you are right, there are always two sides to the story and you will see nowhere in my posts that I say he is guilty. However it certainly looks that way. But indictments always make the defendant look like shit. That's the point.
If at this point you want to take Charlie 100% for his word in these interviews you are welcome to. Me, I am a bit skeptical (as I am with everyone and everything). As you said, it is in his best interest to get you on his side. Given Charlie's track record, I have reason to have my doubts. One thing we do _know_ about this case is that he never bothered to report any suspicious activity with this one user. Whether that was criminal negligence or just a big whoopsies it is hard to know just yet. 
But given the spotlight he loved so much and the position of power he made himself comfortable in (member of the BF, going on speaking tours about compliance), this case should never have even happened in the first place. It reflects very poorly on the Bitcoin community. He made us all look bad once, now you don't think he would do it again for personal gain? All roads point to the answer you don't want to hear. 
As to the public support... there have been many cases in the past where public attention garnered no sympathy from the presiding judge or prosecutors, but perhaps you are right and Charlie is that special case where it will make a difference. Obviously there are examples on both sides of the aisle here. Personally, if I was in his shoes I would let the case speak for itself and garner support through genuine concern, not a pity party (as always this is just my experience, feel free to disagree).
Can you link me to some interviews where he speaks about his personal exchanges with BTCKing and the specific rebates and whatnot he gives him? Would be interested in hearing that. 
@_date: 2014-06-15 02:06:41
Ah yep, that makes sense! I read it differently.
@_date: 2014-03-30 23:04:04
thanks. i may do a writeup of this paper tomorrow
@_date: 2014-04-19 00:22:46
I hear that, but no matter how hard you try you can't ingrain philosophical concepts into a protocol. You can give them characteristics of anarchy or some other political leaning, but in the end of the day it has conditions which it must follow, and so long as they are followed the protocol will operate. Satoshi cited Wei Dei and other great minds in his paper, but how an individual *wants* something to be used (be it Satoshi or Cody Wilson or whoever), is really irrelevant. 
And that's my point (although I may not have been clear). People are going to use Bitcoin however they are going to use it. If the protocol allows for it, then those means should not be judged as right or wrong. They are just *so*, and that's all there is to it.
@_date: 2014-05-21 07:37:45
So the P2P networking code in Bitcoin Core is not great and can be improved significantly; there are movements to do that already. That will decrease sync time.
Regardless, it's best not to burden full nodes with archival data and just download the torrent* of the chain up to a point (e.g. one month ago) then sync with the network up to the present by putting it in your data directory and firing up QT. 
@_date: 2014-10-26 03:25:54
Yep, [RealSolid]( (aka solidcoin) living up to his reputation once again. He always finds a way to swindle his customers. 
Recently got one over on the doge community with a "[haircut]( and has proudly fucked over others via way of [solidcoin]( [microcash]( and [mcx fee](
@_date: 2014-02-12 18:51:22
I am glad he came to a positive conclusion (albeit slightly incorrect), but the means to the end don't seem appropriate for thorough investigative reporting.
To be clear, Bitcoin makes no cryptographic advances per se, it uses preexisting protocols. It's the sum of its parts that make Bitcoin exciting, not so much the hashing algorithm or signature schema utilized therein. imo, of course. 
But yea, reading other articles doesn't seem like the most objective way to learn about something... but that's just me nitpicking.
@_date: 2014-04-21 20:49:55
I think you got it right, although I too am not a lawyer ;)
@_date: 2014-02-12 22:45:28
Shameless plug... any developers in the area who are looking for like-minded folk should come to [BitDevs NYC]( we have two social gatherings and a hackathon at the NYC Bitcoin Center per month, as well as more formal meetups with hardcore discussion at NYU Poly.
@_date: 2014-02-19 17:06:42
Whose license is this using?
@_date: 2014-03-31 00:26:39
I respect Andreas a lot but I worry with some of his rhetoric he is putting a target on his back. Be careful brother.
@_date: 2014-03-08 03:18:41
Well, I certainly wouldn't do it for an applause. I have never filed such a request, so I will need to do some reading on the process and decide if this is the right move for me. No promises.
@_date: 2014-04-10 16:13:05
Right, the rules/proof are my concern (that is, if they are implemented incorrectly what are the consequences?). But again, you guys know best here I am just a nobody bomboclat trying to learn the ropes.
@_date: 2014-06-03 17:44:06


What are you on about man? It has US customers and courted investment from US citizens.


I'm not acting as a proponent for the SEC here. That's what you don't seem to understand. Telling you that the SEC will investigate this behavior is not a tacit endorsement for regulations. If you think it is, let this be a correction for your misguided view.


Lol, good one man! You're a gem. Take a look at my submission history and tell me I don't understand Bitcoin. But yea, don't bother responding to this buddy. I certainly won't be looking back here again.
@_date: 2014-04-07 02:15:51
Yea, it's a technique [some] miners use to propagate their blocks faster. It is one of the perverse incentives that occur as a side effect of the protocol's design.
@_date: 2014-04-20 18:18:30
No, the murders were just moved to the Maryland docket (you can check PACER, or see it mentioned in a Vice [article](
@_date: 2014-12-26 04:33:30
Oh please, leave the kitchen sink at the door. No one here is saying that drug dealers with immoral business practices aren't a societal concern. But implying that is somehow the _root_ of the addiction problem is equally as naive as blaming a gun for killing someone. Someone had to pull the trigger. Look at it this way: lot's of people do drugs, only some of them get addicted. It's not a drug problem per se, it's a people problem.


Reading your other posts in this thread it seems pretty clear you have a) never done drugs or b) don't personally find any value in them c) combination of the two. That's fine, but to try and make catch all statements about what people should and shouldn't be doing because some people can't have a healthy relationship with said substance is absolutely absurd. What is a drug apologist anyway? Someone who is interested in having autonomy over what they put in their body? 
You have to draw the line somewhere: either people can have autonomy over themselves or we take that freedom away because a certain subset of the population can't handle themselves. It's the effective equivalent of banning a technology that can be used for something illegal despite the fact that it has positive use cases (e.g. banning the internet because terrorists communicate over it). If you want to live in fear then certainly the conclusions you have drawn are correct. That's not how I choose to live my life, however. 
But I'm really sorry about your friends, that's really unfortunate. I've had friends who went down the rabbit hole and never made it back out the other side (RIP). But that doesn't mean that those substances don't have medicinal or otherwise positive use cases for other people. But getting into the details of those things with someone who has never done them or is turned off to the idea altogether is a pointless exercise. It's like trying to explain what the color red looks like to a blind person.
@_date: 2014-03-26 17:27:43
Can you verify they aren't logging as well? /s
@_date: 2014-03-11 17:35:19
Right, that just moves the problem one step up the ladder. Can you trust their hardware manufacturers? 
@_date: 2014-06-03 17:11:35
Right, because that's what I implied with my comment. /s
All I'm saying is that if you think unreguated securities will fly in the United States you are kidding yourself. I didn't ascribe my own beliefs to that comment, so please spare me the erroneous personal attacks.
@_date: 2014-12-30 07:55:28
Yes, merged mine chains have been attacked in the past (see: Coiled Coin). Their security model is very poor unless there is significant community backing (see: Namecoin). 
@_date: 2014-10-11 16:37:39


He didn't reply because everything Throwahoymatie said was fallacious.


He just contradicted himself. Block rewards (minus transaction fees) are inflating Bitcoin (until all Bitcoin has been created), thus as the subsidy falls transaction fees will have to compensate for lost revenue. [0]


Since when was VC investment a gold standard? Source: the first internet bubble.


It won't always be cheap. And if miners are the only ones running nodes then we will have a huge problem (i.e. they will have more control over what transactions are propagating, etc...).


Speaking of hand waving....
@_date: 2014-07-29 04:17:31
And what if Bitcoin goes to 0? How do you return people their money? Or is this another risk free loan like Neo&amp;Bee and BitReserve?
@_date: 2014-05-18 20:15:40
Given what happened to them a few weeks ago you'd think they would find a new host already...
@_date: 2014-12-21 17:21:47
Most likely a result of their Toshi/bitcoin-ruby implementation.
@_date: 2014-03-20 23:57:54
Hopefully one of them will advise Coinbase to stop using Mongo, it does not have ACID support.
edit: love how I keep getting downvoted on this. Pretend like it isn't a problem, please.[0]
[0]  
@_date: 2014-05-04 15:30:29
They could probably make an addon to automate the process for you, seems silly that they didn't. 
@_date: 2014-07-30 07:42:16
Yes I will let them clarify at this point. And even if they are purchasing the gold I would like to see an explicit and extensive Terms of Service which covers the many edge cases that may arise during the life of this company.
@_date: 2014-12-24 06:39:26
A hearty thank you to all those who have submitted PRs, tested, etc... for this release. 
@_date: 2014-06-23 19:12:00
No Markateer, nobodybelievesyou is absolutely correct here.
Your name screams paid shill and I see you support the most ridiculous and vicious projects (BitReserve scam comes to mind).[0,1]
Either you need to take a step back and take a real look at what projects you feel deserve support and/or perhaps just stop shilling for companies altogether. Either works.
@_date: 2014-10-30 18:26:17
I'm not sure if that was supposed to invalidate my comments, it certainly doesn't. If you are going to "remove volatility" in certain circumstances and not others, that needs to be clear.
And if using USD/GBY/CNY's stability as a crutch for Bitcoin's volatility does not make you a "fiat user" then what does exactly?
@_date: 2014-12-05 06:10:01
This is not game changing, this has been tried and discussed on many occasions and in many forms. For example, you can hold an IOU balance in Ripple that is redeemable for gold and easily exchanged for Bitcoin. There are also other gateways that issue dollar backed credits. Alternatively there are services like Hedgy that attempt to shield long term holders from risk with non-deliverable forward contracts. There are many others.
Halsey here is just now offering his own version. Which is fine, but so far the transparency of the organization has not lived up to its promise. Clean cut video, sure. But read through the site and you will find very little useful information that provides insight into the procedures of the company. Like how exactly the "proof of reserves" works (aka who audits them). Or how you can get your money back if Bitcoin goes to 0. Or where they get their price and what the real fees are of the service after the price is inflated.
@_date: 2014-09-05 12:26:19
I usually wouldn't call out a fellow butt, but you just simply aren't looking at the facts here. Before we get into the facts, there is no question that one should always be suspicious of fraudulent activity when it comes to CC &lt; - &gt; BTC services. However, your logic is flawed more broadly. 
For starters, just because a service can be used fraudulently, doesn't mean that there aren't regular folk using it normally. It would be a shame if we had to completely shut down a service because some % of bad actors (assuming it's &lt; some reasonable amount) were abusing it. Since when did we let the bad guys dictate the terms of our daily transactions?


What makes you think this exactly? You seem to ignore what chinawat said regarding LB. Each payment method comes with its own risk, and as a result there are various premiums one might charge to accept that payment. 
No one is putting a gun to the buyers head and saying "accept my 30% fee!" It's an active decision to do that; just watch the daily activity on LB... people pay crazy premiums for chargeback-able payment methods. Why? Who knows, maybe that is the only way they can get their hands on the btc. Perhaps they actually want the chargeback protection in case they get defrauded by the btc seller. Regardless, it's not really up to you and me to decide what prices are appropriate for other people. They get to decide that.
Now, if there is in fact rampant fraud on Purse, then the service simply won't last. Plain and simple. Currently there have been no major accusations against them that haven't been resolved quickly (so far as I am aware) and there is no way they would stick around if Amazon caught on to rampant fraud. Perhaps you are right and it's a ticking time bomb, but that's not something anyone here can currently prove. You opine like it's the truth, however, which seems questionable at best. There are better Bitcoin companies to pick on that have real evidence against them, try barking up those trees instead.
@_date: 2014-04-14 19:10:36
Yes, the initial sync of the Blockchain can take quite awhile, so this allows fully synced nodes to focus on keeping other nodes updated with new transactions instead of wasting bandwidth sharing historical blockchain info with new nodes.
@_date: 2014-01-11 18:13:27
I'd be surprised if it wasn't officially recorded, but I'll bring my phone and extra batteries just in case.
@_date: 2014-05-19 06:39:36
If you are using Electrum you probably want to use multiple nodes for privacy. Electrum wallets are just a slightly modified version of an SPV node. You call on the Electrum servers (in lieu of the bitcoin network) with bloom filters to see if there are any updates to your unspent transaction output set. If there are any updates, the required transaction information is sent to your node/client. There is a privacy leak here, wherein a malicious node coudl mine data about the contents of your wallet. [0]
@_date: 2014-04-05 16:20:20
I had a hard time following the white paper. The organization could definitely use some work.
I've always been of the opinion that client side signing of keys in the browser is security theater. We don't know if you are hosting malicious js on the page to capture keys, etc... You're basically one XSS exploit from losing your funds. If you had an open sourced desktop client that would alleviate concerns. 
You say 2FA would be used to deal with that. But don't you have to give the seed over to the user at some point for their Authy/GA application? How hard would that be for you to grab? Probably not that hard. A TXT or call to a land line would deal with that problem I guess, so you have that covered... sort of. I just imagine if you guys are the custodians of the 2FA approval you could easily disable them. I think you are making promises about not being able to access people's funds when that's not entirely true. I don't doubt your pure intentions... just don't sell a sandwich with mayo if it only has mustard. 
Also I get where you are going with the nlocktime... if something happens to your keys or you guys get shut down it is a good failsafe. Your service then, if I understand correctly, is basically banking on transaction malleability. You broadcast this lock timed tx and if the user wants to override it at some point they let you know then you broadcast another transaction invalidating the nlocktime? Perhaps you can explain that to me, did I misunderstand?
@_date: 2014-07-15 19:01:05
Then why haven't they announced what payment network they are on? Hint: because either a)it's not official and they are afraid of getting kicked off (see: Xapo w/ Mastercard), or b) there is no partnership.
As to your second point about Xapo, that's erroneous. Big name investors got behind lots of crappy startups during the dot com boom and failed. And big name investors + money don't mean anything if the incumbents don't want you on their network. 
I'd be more than happy to be wrong but history has shown that all these companies are good at is making false promises.
@_date: 2014-12-21 21:16:14
It's nice that you've spent some time here trying to debase Peter's concerns by crying conflict of interest--and I would agree it would be in bad taste for Peter to recommend other services if he wasn't explicitly asked--but if that is your main concern you have a long ways to go before ~~your opinion will be respected here~~ *I respect your opinion on this matter*. Especially if you plan to run some sort of Bitcoin service. 
Let's start from the top. Peter's opinion is obviously respected by many in the community and they look to him for recommendations. Given his deep understanding of the protocol it's only natural that he will have well formed opinions on the visible practices of the various service providers in the space. In fact, I am sure he would happy to have an at length technical discussion as to why his opinion would hold true regardless of his advisory role at Coinkite or wherever else.* But that's all irrelevant because the situation we are dealing with here is one of greater importance than some petty conflict of interest quibbling. It's not like we are talking about Blockstream here.
Peter contacted Coinbase over a year ago to report this bug and was basically met with a dead end. It's even more telling that tried to deflect that fact by claiming that Coinbase was not fit to respond given the size of the team at the time. Like that's some kind of excuse for a full service financial company. If anything, that raises my concern level even more! What other excuses will they come up with when their bitcoin-ruby implementation fails next time? And why wasn't the concern stored in such a manner that when the reinforcements arrived it was dealt with right away?
Then to make matters worse has gone and reaffirmed Coinbase's poor decision to rely on their faulty (do I even need to cite the source at this point?) consensus code because "diversity" and "Bitcoin is an experiment." Don't get me wrong, we all want Bitcoin to be as robust as possible, but re-implmenting the consensus code doesn't seem like the right way of going about it. At least if something goes wrong with Core we have a clear upgrade path and can be sure that the core dev team will be on point to fix it if/when the time comes and it will be dealt with in a publicly accessible manner. Will NBitcoin, btcd, bitcoin-ruby, etc.. etc.. all be at the ready and competent enough to quickly fix the problem? It's hard to say and not necessarily a risk I'm personally a fan of taking nor would I trust my funds with a service that relied on such code. Which circles back right round to where we started: Peter (rightfully, IMO) calling out Coinbase. 
And then to top it of you go on and have a conversation with about the service you plan on providing. So now one might surmise that you used an attack on Peter Todd as an in to talk about your company. Do I think that is absolutely the case? Not really, but I can't help but notice that the thought crossed my mind. So instead of attacking Peter let's look at the real problem here: Coinbase mucked this up and they deserve the criticism on a silver platter. 
*Don't take that statement as unconditional support of I like him and I think he is spot on for a lot of things, he could also handle many situations more gracefully and I don't always think he is right.
edit: done after the fact to reflect mistake
@_date: 2014-02-26 18:41:37
A bunch of stuff didn't make it into the video, sorry guys. Still working out the kinks in the new space.
Core Dev:
OP_RETURN standard relay bytes to 40
RPC: submitblock: Support for returning specific rejection reasons
'sendrawtransaction' improvements
Remove CWalletTx::vfSpent
Drop fees for .9 release
Related DOS: 
Splitting the blockchain engine and wallet:
Deterministically building Bitcoin Core on OSX
Blind signatures for Bitcoin Transactions:
P2Pool Node:
Cukoo POW:
Mycelium Updates:
Bitcoin, Scalability
 (scroll down for mini blockchain and compression papers)
Mining Bitcoin by hand:
Joe Fiscella - Gaming on the Blockchain
Reggie Middleton - Ultra Coin
@_date: 2014-03-20 04:06:18
Separate chain. I just imagine in this scheme you could pay nodes in Bitcoin to store your data, thus the relevancy to this subreddit.
@_date: 2014-11-05 02:03:24
When will he learn? If you want to effect change in the protocol, you don't do it from the top down, you start from the bottom and work your way up. That means commenting on pull requests and bringing technical expertise to the table.
Wilson loves yapping about crypto anarchy and whatever other ideologies he goes on about, but in the end of the day Bitocin is a distributed protocol, and so long as you follow the rules your transactions will be validated. Doesn't matter if you are a 'statist shill' or a 'true believer', you are welcome to transact. If you are trying to steer the ship, you may as well use fiat. At least you know who is in charge. Trying to tell people what to do and not to do with Bitcoin is the equivalent of FinCEN telling you what you can and can't do with the dollar.
Wilson, you are tight with the libbitcoin team, why are you trying to control the Foundation as well? Just let it go and stop judging others for their beliefs. You won't get too far this way. Lead by example: give the rhetoric a rest and start coding.
@_date: 2014-05-25 03:08:46
Makes sense. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 03:29:59
This is super nifty. Glad to see this kind of stuff coming to market! 
Sounds like they are doing it in house. Would love to hear more about that process, wonder if they are using bitcoinj, bitcoind, etc...
Looks like the lawyer did all the work:


@_date: 2014-03-30 16:22:14


@_date: 2014-03-26 17:34:37
Call him an asshole all you want, but he really made a difference with his donations to OpenBSD. To me that outweighs any other crap. Also his exchange with the SEC regarding SDICE was hilarious.
Actions &gt; words.
@_date: 2014-06-30 04:10:29
Sorry, must have missed this post.




6+7 equaling 13 has nothing to do with the trust I was referring to. Conversations of trust in Bitcoin don't stem exclusively from the math behind it. There is no doubt that such behavior (i.e. 6+7=13) will always be Bitcoin's rock.
Instead, I was referring to the fact that trust of network participants is an inescapable quality of Bitcoin as you are _implicitly_ trusting potential bad actors not to attack the network (whether you want to or not). There is action in inaction. I may have overstepped with my PayPal comparison not because it is totally wrong, but by not explaining myself in full. Now, it's certainly not an entirely perfect analogy, as there are _many_ differences, but when a bad actor is involved things change a bit.
Sure a 51%er can't steal your coins and change the laws of mathematics or ECDSA, but they can blacklist the addresses you control, making them worthless and unfungible. So in other words, my comparison to PayPal wasn't so much one about the low level qualities of the currency but one's ability to transact that currency given a bad actor (aka PayPal) entering (or controlling, in the case of PayPal) the system.


Sure you can check it all you want, but nodes have no real power in the network when all it takes to spin one up is a $5 / month VPS and a little know how. So there is much more to the conversation then "a currency backed by math." To reduce Bitcoin to such an argument is unfair and downright dangerous and misleading, IMO.
@_date: 2014-03-20 02:57:02






Andrew Miller, Ari Juels, Elaine Shi, Bryan Parno and Jonathan Katz
Univserity of Maryland - Microsoft Research
@_date: 2014-02-23 18:51:16
The great irony of this bill is that California has the most onerous and anti-competitive MSB [regulatory scheme]( of all 50 states. 
@_date: 2014-03-15 19:18:35
Did you want mayo with [that](
@_date: 2014-07-04 16:13:09
This website is never going to be able to deliver on its promises of removing volatility of Bitcoin. To quote a previous post of mine:


















And if Bitcoin crashes hard you have to trade perfectly all the way down. Good luck with that.
@_date: 2014-05-15 15:09:19
You can't have Bitcoin without blockchain technology but you can have blockchain tecnhology without Bitcoin. I was referring to the former.
@_date: 2014-01-18 05:38:49
That's not what I mean. What I was implying is that even if you did know, what would that change? Nothing really.
What's important about Circle for the time being is the 'legitimacy' they are bringing to the space with these big names. To me, that's what matters. When they are ready to tell the world their grand plans I am sure they will.
@_date: 2014-03-30 15:20:56
Big fan of your side chains paper. Great stuff, excited to see it come to life.
@_date: 2014-10-30 20:53:13
Okay sure, not everything is possible. Let's take the scenario where a state level actor has _secretly_ produced a quantum computer. ECC is in big [trouble]( Again, I'm not saying that will happen (probably won't anytime soon), but it could happen. It would be unfair to discount edge cases when providing services that "remove" Bitcoin's volatility. 
@_date: 2014-05-14 14:11:43
No, that's reductionism. You are right however that those properties you listed have characteristics of crypto anarchism, but crypto anarchy is not the only philosophy Bitcoin shares characteristics with and that's an important distinction to make. We all know what political philosophies inspired Bitcoin, but as a technology, Bitcoin stands alone. That is not to take away from Wei Dei, Satoshi and the other great minds that brought these concepts to life, but there is so much more to the story than just crypto anarchy. 
The litmus test for this is very simple: if crypto anarchy never existed, would Bitcoin still be technically feasible? The answer is obviously yes. 
@_date: 2014-10-23 17:28:10
There will always be perverse incentives with developers, I think that is unavoidable. They are humans after all. But I do hear what you are saying and I understand your concern and share it to a much lesser extent, but this is the nature of competition in any open source project. 
It happens to be in this case that some of the developer's have a common goal that you do not feel is in the interest of Bitcoin (i.e. it will lead to its downfall). The question for you should then become how do you even the playing field? As I said earlier, anyone can step up and start submitting pull requests. It's up to the community to back whatever position they feel is the right one, not with Reddit posts but with quality code. It seems you are hoping Peter Todd comes through with Treechains. If the code gets delivered and a real plan of action is provided, then we can have a more serious conversation. Until then, you are pissing in the wind.
Anyway, if such a small group of people can so easily co-opt development and 'destroy' Bitcoin, then Bitcoin was doomed to fail from the start. People like to call Bitcoin anti-fragile, but we all know that's a load of bullshit.
edit: FWIW, the developers behind Blockstream have asserted that they have [no intention]( of creating a side chain (see Greg's post deeper in the nest).
@_date: 2014-10-23 07:27:17


That seems to be an exageration of the situation. For starters, the development of Bitcoin Core and alternative implementations of the protocol are fairly accessible. It's all done out in the open, and anyone can opine on pull requests and build a case against various changes on the bitcoin-develoment mailing list and IRC channels. If there are people pushing agendas which are not in line with the community, it is the community's job to speak out and react accordingly. So far that hasn't happened with Blockstream.
Jeff Garzik is a great example of a developer who is funded by a company but participates in a way that has proven beneficial to the protocol thus far. It is reasonable to assume that various companies in the space will employ competent persons to participate in the development of Bitcoin, that's not such a bad thing. Everyone needs to eat and often there are similar goals there. Of course there will be financially driven motives, but as said, we get to judge every PR that is made and vote with our downloads. 
If a bunch of them happen to work for the same company, then of course we will have to keep an eye on what work they do. But that doesn't immediately qualify them as being party to some conspiracy to one day control the codebase (they couldn't do that even if they tried). Regardless, the developers under the Blockstream umbrella have proven themselves to be fairly even handed agents of the open source project until now, if they do diverge from that behavior it will be clear.


What? If mining pools are so quick to abandon Bitcoin, then don't you think there is a deeper issue here than the actions of a single person? Is it perhaps that centralized POW ecosystem is a hugely detrimental emergent property of Bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-04-12 19:04:06
Yes absolutely, that was one of the original ideas.
In fact, you could nest, or daisy chain the side chains quite easily. So you could enter the Zerocoin side chain, then go into another chain with a different mixing protocol and then come back into Bitcoin. So Bitcoin  -&gt; Zerocoin  -&gt; xyz coin -&gt; Bitcoin for the ultimate mixing service. [0]
[0] 
edit:fixed link
@_date: 2014-02-17 23:46:10
I logged in to thank you for this amazing post. 
@_date: 2014-06-03 17:47:42
Quick response, I edited my post. Nice chatting with you friend!
@_date: 2014-01-28 22:39:15
Now if only Peter Vessenes would follow suit....
@_date: 2014-03-09 01:43:40
Well, I think I have a more open mind after this conversation, thank you. Always good to revisit the possibilities; perhaps I am reading the situation incorrectly. Not sure yet.
@_date: 2014-05-23 10:42:51
Anyone have insight into this spike?
@_date: 2014-04-20 18:00:19


I get it, but you can want to use CoinJoin without wanting to launder money. That's my problem... the wording on his part was very poor; there was no room for anything _but_ laundering in that sentence. And when you use a technique like that, it's fairly obvious why he chose his words carefully (hint:he is pushing his own agenda at the expense of incomplete information to the viewer).


So I'm a bit curious how you came to the conclusion that he meant those two points in his interview. 
Cody goes on a long rant from [20:27]( describing what he sees wrong with the NY and SF Bitcoin companies "cozying up with the regulators and VCs," namely that instead of propping up a broken system that open the doorway for surveillance, these companies should 


The reporter then immediately responds:


Cody responds:


I hear that not as a positive reinforcement of any 'promises' Bitcoin makes, but instead as someone using a tool with certain characteristics to further their cause. He's using Bitcoin as his sock puppet to espouse his own desire to take down the man.
As an aside, I think we may disagree on the definition of truly private money and whether or not Bitcoin can provide that even with CoinJoin. Yes the inputs cannot be connected to the outputs, but sybil attacks are not prohibitively expensive for a nation state, there often needs to be some sort of peer discovery mediated by an agent/server that could potentially keep logs, among others I am sure you are aware of. There is nothing in this [update]( which make me think they have solved all these problems.
@_date: 2014-03-30 18:26:30
Good post. It's unfortunate they haven't posted the code yet, they said they dropped it right into bitcoinj.
@_date: 2014-03-20 03:57:11
Right, I had a feeling you might say that. I figured because Bitcoin can be used to incentivize the system it might be of interest here.
@_date: 2014-10-26 17:49:56
If mining pool A mines block X with all the transactions in the mempool and then seconds later discovers block X+1 there will not be much to put in that block. They could also be limiting the size of blocks in order to lower their orphan block rate (i.e. make sure their small blocks propagate across the network as quickly as possible). Discus Fish is one of the [few]( pools that has ever come close to filling a block so I am not too worried about these instances of small blocks from them.
@_date: 2014-03-29 21:33:23


Need we bring up Coiledcoin and that pool which shall remain unnamed? MM allows miners attack at near 0 marginal cost. That's almost worse than an alt chain all on its own. 
As for your second recommendation that is possible, but with the uncertain future of embedded data in the blockchain that is a roll of the dice (in certain implementations, not all).
@_date: 2014-01-17 07:17:06
Yes but when you are small credit union who can barely afford to process withdrawals any kind of penalty will hurt you potentially beyond repair. I think Jordan could be steering the ship with a bit more grace, but that's just me. Outside looking in...
@_date: 2014-05-19 06:16:29
And where does that money come from when Bitcoin goes to 0?
@_date: 2014-07-29 15:40:04
You aren't getting my question. 
How do they remove volatility in the case that Bitcoin goes to 0? In other words, how do they return the funds you originally deposited if Bitcoin is wortless? Answer: they won't otherwise they would have said so explicitly on the website. Thus they are selling you something they can't entirely deliver. 
Just like Neo&amp;Bee and BitReserve, albeit in a slightly different manner.
@_date: 2014-01-12 23:54:07
Misleading title is misleading


Lol, so is everyone else in the city.
@_date: 2014-02-01 00:23:58
I wonder how much of the high quality Bitcoin material is translated into Estonian? Maybe the information just sucks?
Just trying to give them the benefit of the doubt....
@_date: 2014-03-02 05:39:24
I'm really appalled by the behavior of this subreddit as of late. Did reddit not learn from the boston bombing situation? 
Vigilante justice won't solve the problem; in fact, it might make it so that no one ever really finds out what went down at Gox (assuming someone does try and murder him). At this point we should all be waiting for the legal process to run its course. He won't be saying anything (as per his lawyers advice) until discovery/official investigation begins.
@_date: 2014-07-23 23:35:46
So has anyone received those cards yet?
@_date: 2014-01-27 19:32:43
Charlie, there are no [words](


after the private message:












diff convo:












private email with BTCKing:


sidenote: I wish they told us which email address charlie was using, they don't. We only know of BTCKing's safe mail address.


Processor CEO from discovering "BTCKing'sll illegal activity:










only a few degrees of seperation, interesting. Who wants to bet they were in the same inbox:


edit:cleaned up
@_date: 2014-07-16 23:33:14
Core Dev:
Floating Fees for .10
Bitcoin Floating TX-Fee Estimation
Github Pull Requests/Issues/Recently Merged Commits
Draft BIP for getutxos Message
Voting on the Blocksize Limit with POS Voting
Weekly Pool Statistics
1 Yottahash
Bitcoinj Could Use Some Help
Armory .92 Beta
Proof of Stake and Distributed Consensus
Javier Dutan -Novaux.com
Ray - Keychests.com
@_date: 2014-11-09 12:28:38
I have pondered the question further and you are right, we cannot assess an alternate reality with any conclusivity. You believe Bitcoin would never have taken off the way it has if it was not for Silk Road. That assumption, however, is equally as fallacious as my assumption that there were just too many opportunities for Bitcoin to shine (WikiLeaks, for example) for it to putter out of existence.
But my main issue with the article was attributing tiers of importance to the DPR character. It seems out of place. There is however no question the consequential the role the Silk Road played in Bitcoin's history. 
But hey, my Dad can beat up your Dad. 
@_date: 2014-11-02 03:35:51
There are no technical details, because it's just them [rendering]( numbers on a page and the end user hoping they are on the level with their deposits. 
There is no way to publicly audit their USD/GBY/CNY holdings. They claim to have audits from 3rd party firms. There is no blockchain based proof of solvency here. There is very little information on the site indicating exactly what they do with the Bitcoin, which to me indicates they could (in theory) be playing funny games and holding various derivatives/swaps/etc... 
As I mentioned elsewhere in this thread, they have no disclaimer for a scenario where Bitcoin goes to 0, so you are probably giving them a risk free loan. Nor do they mention where they get a spot price from / what index they use, so they can just offer up whatever prices they choose and the user is [none]( the wiser. 
Edit: clarified
@_date: 2014-03-08 23:12:04
I know I speak for many when I say how deeply and truly sorry I am that this horrible turn of events has come to be. I wouldn't wish this on my worst enemy. 
~~Know that we (the Bitcoin community) are here for you, and we will do everything in our power to protect you and yours. We are willing to help in whatever way we possibly can. Your brother's health is tantamount, and we do not want him wasting his and your mother's precious time on this false accusation.~~
~~That said, I am sure you would like this situation to end as quickly as possible. Because of the private nature of your brother's life, there is not much information about him or his life online. That is understandable. However, this makes it much harder for our community to debunk Leah's crackpot theory and thus bring an end to this circus.~~
~~If you could provide us some proof that he has been living at home, in tandem with limited access logs from his internet service provider, or any other proof you can think of that absolves his name, it would be best for you to share it with the world.~~
With peace and love and deepest apologies
edit:stupid idea, sorry. I only said it because in one of his AP interviews he said he unplugged his computer from the internet. So there would be no internet connectivity to show. it's what i would have done...guess i missed the mark.
double edit: an apology from newsweek would be nice, but as their staff has said, they won't apologize until proven otherwise. that was my intent, however misguided
@_date: 2014-11-14 18:13:27
Halsey Minor and his sycophants continue to steer the ship into sketchy waters; that's no surprise, however, given the [foundation]( the service is built on.
@_date: 2014-06-26 02:51:52
Hence the parenthetical in my post.
@_date: 2014-04-05 17:07:17
Ah okay cool, I missed the desktop client. That's good.
So the timelock is always sitting in the mempool, I get it now.
@_date: 2014-10-30 18:58:32
Incorrect. They explicitly [say]( on the site that they do not do fiat withdrawals of any kind.
The point of my post is that there is no disclaimer that mentions how they would react in such a scenario. That alone is suspect.
@_date: 2014-03-27 23:42:02
Nope... haha. That's Darren and Ben. I watched the photo get taken. lol
@_date: 2014-06-23 19:42:44
No. They are constantly trading your money behind the scenes to 'remove' volitility. There is no publicly verifiable way to prove those reserves while they are being traded. 
@_date: 2014-10-27 16:58:41
You can monitor the largest blocks produced by mining pools [here](
@_date: 2014-05-04 15:23:17
If the traffic was unencrypted they could use DPI to push Bitcoin data into the slow lane. If the traffic was [encrypted]( then they would have a hard time doing so, but it would potentially be feasible to target users who go to Bitcoin sites and assume that their encrypted P2P traffic is Node related. 
@_date: 2014-04-11 04:39:20
Exciting, this could really make strides in the privacy department.
@_date: 2014-03-30 20:16:44
Yes was just doing [that](
@_date: 2014-05-25 03:06:27
That's what I was afraid of. I am saying this now so let it be known: this is a horrible idea I hope no one uses your service. Sorry to be so blunt but you are taking advantage of your depositors for a risk free loan. 
@_date: 2014-09-21 17:03:30
Lol, of course it is. But if you operate as an exchange and make a profit, you need a license in NY state. They are registered federally, but not in NY state. Plain and simple, and if you think they don't need approval to run a Bitcoin ATM in NY you are out of touch with the law. There is a reason this is the "first" one.
@_date: 2014-03-30 18:07:18
That may not be around [forever](
@_date: 2014-03-30 16:44:32
Nice find. If you are interested in papers by these authors and other academics (warning:shameless plug), check out [btcgsa](
@_date: 2014-01-16 19:18:57
Ah yes, because releasing a financial tool that will handle millions of dollars 3 months after you announce its development makes total sense.
Best to rush and get hacked then take the time to release a product that is built to last. /s
@_date: 2014-02-27 06:45:44
Why does Marc even engage in commentary like this? It seems so unprofessional.
@_date: 2014-04-15 16:22:37
lol sorry, wgaf?
Shouldn't they be focused on getting rid of MongoDB already? Hopefully Freddie doesn't let them waste too much money before some race condition causes them to lose a handful of Bitcoin (if it hasn't already).[0]
edit:citation added
@_date: 2014-03-30 21:47:39
They [replied](


@_date: 2014-04-18 23:40:05
Sometimes I wonder what Cody is really trying to do. I really like him a lot, he does a lot of amazing things, but sometimes he puts on this face of libertarian martyrdom and I can't help but get bogged down by his judgment of others and excessively aggressive rhetoric.
Cody referring to a feature of DarkWallet:


It's a privacy enhancing technology; no need to attach hyperbole and passive aggressive pokes to the man to the conversation.
As for the rest of Cody's attacks on "traditional" Bitcoin companies "apologizing" for "1st and 2nd gen" adopters, all I have to say is.... you've missed the point of Bitcoin. The beauty of Bitcoin is that no one is forcing you to use any of these services; don't want FinCEN to have your KYC details? Steer clear of Circle and Coinbase. Easy enough. Instead of attacking others in the space, focus inward and do your own thing. Self righteousness is not an admirable quality.
Of course people will build statist Bitcoin tools. Complaining about it in a Reason interview certainly won't change anything.
His delusions of grandeur really seep through when the interviewer asks: 


And Cody responds:


What promises are you referring to exactly? Perhaps you should refer to Satoshi's whitepaper and see what promises were 'really' made. Hint: Bitcoin is a tool for *your* freedom... that is, you adapt its agnosticity for your needs; hopefully with some grace. There is no "right" way to use Bitcoin. So long as you follow the rules the network will process your transaction. IMO, the philosophy of Bitcoin is that it has no philosophy. Trying to pigeon hole it into your ideals is just the opposite side of the regulatory coin. Both equally detrimental to its growth and prosperity.


Get over yourself man. People are building infrastructure that makes them feel comfortable; not everyone is willing to put their life and privacy on the line to make a statement. You are; we respect that but please respect that not everyone wants to jump off the proverbial cliff for their beliefs. Some people have families to feed, children to take care of etc... 
@_date: 2014-06-14 23:28:03


Ah, good ol' investments. The classic risk free loan touted by every company that "removes" Bitcoin volatility (see: Neo and Bee's 'pegged' accounts).
From the [founder](


They make loads of money as Bitcoin goes up, and if Bitcoin ever goes to 0 then what? From their FAQ:






How can you return money in Bitcoin if Bitcoin is 0 and you don't do fiat withdrawals? That means if Bitcoin goes to 0 you get nothing, your volatility was never removed it was just immaculately conceived in the first place.
@_date: 2014-09-06 00:37:28
How exactly does your confidence rating factor in the possibility of a Finney Attack? It doesn't, thus that 99% "confidence" rating is really a 99% "fingers crossed" rating.
@_date: 2014-10-11 17:21:04


You failed to capture the point of my post, and if you want to pick at the semantics that is fine. I'll concede your point as to inflation vs mining. But in reality tx fees will have to increase to make up for any loss revenue that comes from mining. Or miners will need to find an alternative source of income (e.g. double spend as a service).


Source? Source? Source? Or should I just "look it up online?" VC funding is totally accessible if you know the right people and have a halfway decent product. Look at the crap that has been invested in already (Xapo, SnapCard, etc... all companies with questionable businesses).


Come on man. Miners are rational actors, and they have proven time and time again that they will do whatever is necessary to make profits (see: Ghash double spends, etc...). If running nodes allows them to shield other miners from their transactions (especially if IBLT become the norm), then there are plenty of reasons for them to play funny games with the network. You can't claim a game theoretic defense unless you actually back it up.


Lol, it's easy to claim that storage and bandwidth costs will be right where they need to be as the Bitcoin network increases. Have you actually ever run a full node? Do you know how much bandwidth it uses right now? It's a lot, and it's only going to increase. And there aren't huge indicators implying that bandwidth is ready to drop in price. In fact, with net neutrality and such it will probably increase before it gets any cheaper (to consumers, that is... in the US).
@_date: 2014-06-26 18:07:18
You can _blacklist_ coins, you can't seize them. And you can make them worthless (by destroying trust in Bitcoin). That's as good as PayPal if you ask me.
@_date: 2014-09-06 21:25:07
It would be unwise to use LocalBitcoins volume as an indicator for the the general growth of the Bitcoin network. There is quite a lot of "incest" on LB; i.e. the same buyers and sellers often trade amongst each other taking advantage of various arbitrage opportunities. It's not necessary Joe Blow looking to buy Bitcoin so he can use it at is local grocery store.
Source: I work for a pro rated LB [trader]( that has done massive volume with a relatively low number of buyer/sellers.
edit: Not to mention you can't really measure adoption by volume, it really should be done by the number of accounts created (and the volume). We don't have access to that data, however. It also should be noted a lot of f2f trading happens outside LB escrow, so that volume is not taken into account.
@_date: 2015-01-08 23:51:25
Next to this you start to get the picture: 
@_date: 2015-01-10 21:56:41
So are you saying that all your issues have been a result of BoP implementation specifically?
@_date: 2015-01-09 03:55:03
If you consider the higher prices a result of speculative use of Bitcoin, not general* use, then the static USD value transacted does not paint a rosy picture for growth.
*By general I just mean people using Bitcoin for purposes other than hodling/day trading. 
@_date: 2014-07-30 07:16:15
That's simply not how a swap works. Bitcoin gets "pegged" to another commodity in the interim, but it always returned in the original form. I doubt they will have the infrastructure in place to get you your gold or silver in the case Bitcoin fails. 
What gives you the clear indication that this is shady is that the employee didn't respond to my question about this problem but they gladly addressed other people's concerns. I'd be happy to be wrong here but there is no indication that is the case as of yet. Notice how they haven't answered that question here either: 
They need more transparency regarding this "peg."
All it would take to quiet me is a very clear disclaimer on the site outlining the recourse (or lackthereof) in the case of Bitcoin's descent to 0.
@_date: 2014-07-01 22:43:47
Keep up the hard work Ryan and Muneeb! We miss you in NYC, always rooting for ya.
@_date: 2014-06-15 00:19:01


Sorry, I'm a bit confused by what you mean here. There are successful double spends all the time to dice sites. Double spends can easily occur when someone accepts unconfirmed transactions. Are you referring to a double spend that upends a transaction greater than 6 blocks deep?
@_date: 2014-07-28 18:38:07
Hmmm, still not convinced these are real.
@_date: 2014-04-20 01:33:06
Nice try, but I think you missed the point of my post and are conflating how Bitcoin _can_ be used and how you think it _should_ be used.
Call my attempt (is that what that was?) desperate or what you will but that doesn't alter the logic on which it stands. I love what Bitcoin stands for on a high level (removing the TTP and all that comes with that), but again, that doesn't mean that there is a right or wrong way to use it. What if a TTP can offer a real value add to Bitcoin (like offsetting issues of scale), is that against the rules in your opinion too?
What I see in your response is something I often see coming from the "purist" camp. Persons who effectively think that Bitcoin should only be used to "fuck the man" blah blah etc.. etc... and that any other usage is sacrilege. To me the irony here is great, as you don't want the government telling you what to do but you want to tell others how they should and shouldn't use Bitcoin.
If there is some fatal use case that ruins Bitcoin (e.g. blacklists), then it is arguable that the protocol was never going to succeed, and whatever digital currency comes next will and learn from that mistake and should make sure that that use case is no longer possible (e.g. zero knowledge proof, unlinkable coins).
Also, these statements don't follow whatsoever:


No need to respond to this. You believe what you believe, I believe what I believe and we can just mutually respect that and be done with it.
edit:toned down, clarified.
@_date: 2014-05-18 03:44:54
These kinds of posts bother me. You must realize, no amount of rhetoric you throw at the people you are referring to will dissuade them from their ideals. You just have to be stoic about it and recognize that you only have control over your own thoughts and judgments. As such you must act with actions, not words.
You must assume that whatever _can_ be done around the Bitcoin ecosystem will be done. You can't stop someone from creating a blacklist with Bitcoin; that's a technical limitation of the protocol, not a political one.
Want protection from that? You must use a digital currency that supports that kind of cryptography (zero knowledge proofs, etc...). See where I am going with this? Trying to tell people what they should and shouldn't do with a decentralized digital currency is absurd, the whole point is that you shouldn't be able to tell someone how to use it! Instead create, advocate and/or donate to a project building a digital currency that abides by your rules.
@_date: 2014-04-20 14:34:30
Everyone has the right to an opinion, that wasn't my point of contention. And yes you are absolutely correct he really is doing a lot of good work for the community.
I just don't think building tools in the space warrants the capacity to say how Bitcoin should and should not be used.
@_date: 2013-08-28 21:13:14
This method has been around for quite awhile, it's called CoinJoin and was introduced by [gmaxwell]( on the bitcointalk forums in January. This article incorrectly cites the authors as Amir and Pablo. While it seems they have released some sort of implementation they did not discover this method.
@_date: 2013-08-18 19:14:34
I had a friend try to get involved in this and was given the runaround (aka lied to, as confirmed by other parties) by Peter V and co. Something shady is going on, not sure what.
@_date: 2013-09-16 17:50:35
You are confused about what the word centralization means in the context of financial institutions and payment protocols. Centralization largely implies that you will be required to use such and such 3rd party/financial institution to move money. No one is forcing you to use these services.
There are some situations where some trust is required to facilitate a transaction (like a chargeback), that is largely unavoidable. The best you can hope for is to distribute the trust as widely as possible so there are no central points of absolute failure.
@_date: 2013-07-24 05:16:34
This, that first headline was loaded and entirely incorrect.
At first blush this news might scare the btct and bitfunder crowd, but fear not--imo it will only usher in the next wave of potential investors, as many will be exposed to this news. Not to mention this begins to shed some light on the SEC's perspective on Bitcoin which will make institutional investors and gen pop more willing to invest once it has been clarified.
@_date: 2013-11-13 22:21:42


Yes, well said. Although I do not think those business models are entirely possible until Bitcoin proliferates to a point where a business and its owners can operate without having to touch fiat. Otherwise you are caught in the banking world; from there it's all downhill.
In the mean time we should push all Bitcoin businesses outside the US. This will be a choke point for the US economy if Bitcoin does take off, and the US will look horrible if they miss the boat because they went into a hyper regulatory spiral.
@_date: 2013-07-06 20:20:13
That's the wrong way to look at it. It is true, there are aspects of the protocol that when changed, require a hard fork; that does not however imply that Bitcoin is not agile per se. Just think about there how many more updates have been pushed out that haven't required (or caused) a hard fork then those that have. 
Look at it this way: Bitcoin is a P2P system wherein rules are defined by consensus. As such, for updates to be acceptable there must be consensus on the those updates. The Bitcoin network is enormous, and only going to get bigger--as such consensus is not always reached quickly because a lot of people that need to read about and learn what is going on and why it's happening and then decide if they want to participate.
The alternative is waiting for governmental agencies to decide the rules for your legal tender. If Bitcoin isn't agile enough for you you should go stretch your Federal Reserve muscles... let us know how flexible those are.
@_date: 2013-06-12 00:49:10
Oh I was just trying to be realistic. But we can always dream :)
@_date: 2013-07-25 09:56:58
Hopefully this will get us group OTR to boot ;)
ill be donating for sure
@_date: 2013-09-13 05:28:40
I hear you. I will reserve my judgments but for now it does not look pretty. What we do know is that the $75 million number was ridiculous given the context and Coinlab is holding a ton of gox's money without proper legal standing (again, if the agreement is as gox says it, which I assume is true and they have proof). There are very few scenarios that could deliver such an outcome and still reflect positively on Coinlab and the people behind it.
@_date: 2013-08-04 16:56:18
At most you might find dealers with stashes of coins cashing out. This might lead to a temporary dip, but nothing more. The market cap for Bitcoin is over a billion dollars, the SR market is a small fraction of that. 
@_date: 2013-07-22 19:57:33
Fair enough, I was operating under the second definition here: 
@_date: 2013-12-16 19:27:29
The idea is that this is self hosted. It is susceptible to attack, just like any other online wallet; if an attacker found a hole in one instance of the software, he would theoretically be able to attack other self-hosted coinpunk wallets if he knew where to look.
The difference between something like this and Blockchain.info is that you rent/own the server where it runs, so you don't have to worry about Blockchain.info logging your IP address, taking your private details, etc... However, it is similar to Blockchain.info in how it secures your funds (client side javascript, as opposed to server side storage like on Coinbase).
Long story short is you now only have to trust the OS software (and the people you rent the VPS from), not a 3rd party provider. It's very cool... certainly not fool proof but has lots of potential. I don't think it will solve world hunger or anything but it certainly deserves respect where due :)
@_date: 2013-10-02 15:47:07
He was in the US the whole time? What a fool. He did one too may sensationalist interviews it looks like.
Let's see how much blow back there is from this.
edit: had been saying this was gonna happen for [awhile]( now, no one wanted to listen. Be careful out there people.
@_date: 2013-06-27 02:04:35
I'm sorry but I am not following your logic. 
Look at it this way: most people (nobody in r/Bitcoin fits into this category) aren't like you; they aren't going to risk accepting Bitcoin until it is regulated, seeing as there is an uncertain legal outcome for both Bitocin and the people that use it. And you talk about fictitious crimes and putting people away--that shit doesn't fly the way it used to (not in MTB, MSB world at least). After the Liberty Dollar (no, not reserve) and e-gold fiascos regulators have finally learned what exchanges need to do to be above board. If you do those things you won't go to jail. In the case of Liberty Reserve they were shut down and jailed because of their shite KYC and blatant disregard for the rules. BTC exchanges should know better at this point. Fly by night operations won't work here in the US unfortunately. 
Regardless I understand where you are coming from but certain infrastructure will need to be put in place to proliferate Bitcoin to the masses before we can detach and go straight p2p. They won't realize the regulatory infrastructure is broken until we break it.
In your last paragraph you basically confirm what I just said so I'm not sure where you were going with the argument. Also the bit about exchange arbitrage IDK why you brought that up. The only thing draconian US regulatory issues will do is drive Bitcoin companies out of the US. e.g. I was speaking with Ira from Coinapult yesterday they are moving there whole team to Panama for just this reason.
all imo of course
@_date: 2013-12-19 06:00:52
Won't happen, too much prior art.
@_date: 2013-11-21 03:59:08
Good point!
@_date: 2013-11-18 00:45:32
Which is why I called it a test.
Regardless, a vuln is a vuln and that should reflect on the price at least to some extent. What I was getting at is that it hasn't as far as I can tell.
@_date: 2013-10-08 16:23:04


While I totally get that sentiment and in large part think it's true, I believe moving forward there will be more reputable, insured online wallet services that provide next-level professionalism and security as compared to what we are dealing with today. Things a team of 6 20-somethings can't provide on their own at a startup with a few million in funding (e.g. a customer support army, teams of security experts, etc...). This is 2-4 years down the road. Maybe a little more.
Obviously the first step is to store most of the coins offline, but there are also means to insure and protect the coins stored in the hot wallets, using concepts like [Fidelity Bonds]( and advanced tx scripting techniques. Nothing is fool proof of course and these things will take time to mature, but I do believe you will be able to trust banking-level outfits down the line.
Disclaimer: I have skin in this game.
@_date: 2013-08-12 04:23:56
I hope Jaron and Charlie and all them understand how important their dialogues with these regulators are for US-servicing Bitcoin businesses. In the face of transparency I hope they keep these dialogues publicly accessible and extend the voice of the Bitcoin community at large instead of furthering their own self interests. 
@_date: 2013-08-14 20:02:28
They could still subpoena them. There is an ongoing investigation into gox already, so this would be redundant. 
@_date: 2013-07-11 18:11:43
Right but it's not about moving in the right or wrong direction per se, it's about moving in any direction at the affect of bias. It might be what the community wants or such a minor change most won't care, not necessarily the wrong or unpopular thing.
@_date: 2013-07-27 02:38:22
Why don't you start one?
@_date: 2013-07-22 19:48:43
Didn't mean to come off 'arsey', but alas so goes words on a page. Don't convey tone how we always hope.
I think the word embassy is a bit far reaching by the authors of this idea, but it only makes sense for there to be brick and mortar locations for people to buy and talk about Bitcoin. It's a natural progression of the ecosystem. Accessibility is a huge issue for Bitcoin, and this solves it for a lot of people.
And sure it could be shut down or whatever, but who cares? That's the risk the store owners will take... not the Bitcoin community as a whole. If it gets shut down Bitcoin continues to operate regardless.
edit: despite what you may or may not think, this makes it no easier for regulators to regulate Bitcoin's protocol. There are AML and MSB licensing (in CA maybe not), but that's it.
@_date: 2013-09-30 17:31:18
Well I'm pretty sure Coinbase uses a LexisNexis-like identity verification service. What address is on your driver's license? Did you try that one?
@_date: 2013-06-11 02:28:49
There are a number of avenues the US government could go down if they wished to regulate the bitcoin ecosystem (taxes included). The Stamp Act, SEC, and FinCen being the most poignant players. 
Read more about it here... 
@_date: 2013-09-02 21:30:57
Completely unregulated? Sorry, what country do you live in?
There has been regulatory guidance in many countries. Not to mention the prosecution of Trendon Shavers, and direct link to the possible recourse if your Bitcoins are stolen and the culprit is known.
Also, you may not know how insurance works. A company that covers all its bases will be insured. There need not be any special clause in any regulatory environment to include Bitcoin in this valuation of a company. The insurer just needs to know the stored value of whatever the good is that the company holds. 
@_date: 2013-11-13 17:56:46
Intros: 4:05
Core Dev Announcements: 14:10
Discussion: 42:20
Presentations: 1:12:10
Core Dev:
* [Majority is Not Enough: Selfish Mining]( ( previous discovery &amp; research:   )
* [CoinSwap](
* [Extending the Payment Protocol with vCards](
* [P2Pool Upgrade Bounties](
* [High Speed Bitcoin Relay Network](
* [Only DoS-ban on blocks that contain invalid proof-of-work](
* [Information Propogation Delay in the Bitcoin Network](
* [Have a Snack, Pay with Bitcoin (Fighting Double Spends)](
* [Implementing CoinJoin in QT?](
* [Reducing Latency in Network Processing](
* [OSX Maverik App Nap Slowdown](
* [ZeroConf Replace for Fee](
* [Merge Mining](
* [Making Hot Wallets Hard to Steal](
* [Off-chain Anonymous Transactions by Secure Transfer of Private Keys](
* [Bitcoin OMG .8.5](
* [Raw Tx Tool in Java(Tread with CAUTION)](
* [Blockchain.info CoinJoin Implementation in the wild](
* Dan &amp; Charles - [EarlyTemple]( [Oracles]( + [Multi Sig](
* Max - [BitDeliver](
* Aaron - [Crypto Currency Analytics Company](
* [Shamir Secret Sharing](
* [Fidelity Bonds](
* [BIP 0032 HD Wallets](
* [Scripts](
* [NY Bitcoin Startups Meetup](
* [Search for Registered MSBs](
@_date: 2013-11-15 02:34:42
Well, that settles that. Apple, I love to hate you and most certainly hate to love you.
What's your excuse this time? Coinbase, time to ~~sue~~ post your response. 
@_date: 2013-08-12 18:37:28
Cool. I'll reiterate what I posted on bitcointalk for my own peace of mind:


@_date: 2013-12-18 01:53:02
Make sure you watch the 10 mini episodes of [The Corner]( before watching The Wire. It's almost a prequel, has many of the actors and is very powerful. Done by HBO of course. 
Well, you don't have to watch it first, but if you enjoy The Wire you will love The Corner.
@_date: 2013-10-15 20:36:27
Right, but who decides which coins to color?
@_date: 2013-08-04 06:32:07
Okay, let's take a look at your assumption: 


If you look at it strategically we want Bitcoin to be widely adopted; identifying with a particular ideal (no matter how (un)popular it may be) may turn some people off before they even get a chance to understand how Bitcoin really works. Bitcoin casts a wide net, the code works towards that goal, let's not backtrack on that hard work.
If libertarians were in a position of power, the likelihood of Bitcoin being regulated is significantly diminised. I don't deny that. But are libertarians in a position of power? No. And even if they were, would they look more favorably on Bitcoin because r/Bitcoin did them a solid and supported their cause? I sure hope not. Would posting a shout out here somehow increase their outreach? Negligible, if at all. The only thing it does is speak for the Bitcoin community, which it has no business doing. 
 
As such Bitcoin should ride exclusively on the merits of it's cryptographic proof of work and the supporting protocol. Nothing else. 
@_date: 2013-08-15 23:06:12
Good info, thnks 
@_date: 2013-08-17 23:36:39
Your solution requires a hard fork. You may use more bandwidth when connected to more peers but it comes at less overall cost to the network. Or perhaps you could explain more about your position....
@_date: 2013-10-02 16:27:26
Bitcoins, in theory, should be entirely fungible. If they can prove you were somehow connected to illegal activity involving those coins and they know who you are, where you live, and where you store your coins, you are in trouble. 
But if you received them innocently (like on an exchange) you should have nothing to worry about.
@_date: 2013-12-27 00:04:44
Blockchain.info is not known for their good address practices. They should be requiring users to create new addresses for each transaction, but alas... they are too lazy or don't seem to care (or hopefully working on it, although I have heard no mention of that).
This will become a real problem for network-wide privacy in the future. Let's not even get started with the problems this causes with CoinJoin....
@_date: 2013-12-20 06:47:04
Yea, any feature/dumb GSM phone  needs only [USSD]( and a 3rd party to facilitate the transaction to enjoy the advantages of the Bitcoin network.
@_date: 2013-08-29 03:14:08
Ideally in the future more protective Bitcoin merchant implementations will negate this issue (e.g. multi sig tx that act as escrow until product is delivered).
@_date: 2013-10-28 18:44:25
As you know, I dig your site, but must say the 30 day countdown to load your account is a big mistake.
@_date: 2013-06-01 15:10:39
While I do believe Friedcat and co. are a legitimate and professional outfit, there is one caveat to their business model: China. No matter how upstanding their operation may be, there is always the chance PRC could change their mind (if they've made it up at all) about btc and shut down any bitcoin-based businesses at the drop of the hat. ASICMINER fits the bill. 
That's my only qualm.
@_date: 2013-12-23 07:09:16
haha word you're on the update list when I find out.
@_date: 2013-11-16 04:41:04
You've gone and missed the point. I agree there is definitely an overreaction by the community here, but Mike has clearly overstepped his boundaries. Note: his programmatic skills and hard work are admirable and appreciated, however there is no excuse for how he went about approaching this subject.
Peter Todd says it most gracefully:








@_date: 2013-07-14 16:48:28
Thanks for the correction. 
@_date: 2013-06-08 07:51:16
Yes, it would not be easy at first. BitPay has nearly 8K custies, the feasibility becomes more realistic every day. 
@_date: 2013-10-11 17:28:27
Yea, I don't know what the OP is thinking here. Using examples like


...paints an odd picture of their perspective.
We are dealing with Coinbase here, a financial service business that deals with people's bank accounts and identity information that YOU gave them. It is in their (and your) best interest to fingerprint your devices. Just because you logged in from some different locations and it didn't trigger a fraud detection means jack squat. 
@_date: 2013-12-10 04:45:29
Flight was cancelled. Rescheduled flight for 6AM tomorrow, although the weather looks bad. Fuckkkkkkkk
@_date: 2013-09-08 02:05:34
I get that. I'm just saying the phrasing is a bit dubious and non-conducive to a real dialogue.
@_date: 2013-11-01 17:07:41
Let me preface with this: I have a deep respect for your programming skills; I think you are an asset to the community, and I know others that agree with me on that point.
That being said, you are starting a business here. FOSS or not, you are gathering funds and building a product that will handle peoples Bitcoins under the guise of a certain level of professionalism and experience. People will be trusting you here, regardless of the OS nature of the plugin. There simply aren't enough skilled people out there to expect everyone to audit the code and monitor every change you make.
Given how poorly you handled the Bitcoinica fiasco, people should tread with caution when using your products. It's an issue of trust (whether or not you believe it to be), and you violated a lot of people's trust not too long ago. 
So you're right, if you are just talking about your wallet dev expereince, you don't need to talk about it. But here you are point man on a significant service that will touch many people's coins. Plus you said:


Bitcoinica fits the bill of 'experience' in that context, does it not?
Regardless, that's a serious responsibility that reaches far beyond even the most eloquent of rhetoric.
@_date: 2013-07-22 19:23:01


Can't it though? There is a practical materiality to a Bitcoin which you can't escape by calling it 'virtual'. Tangibility is a function of its use-value, not physical manifestation.
@_date: 2013-09-17 02:32:59
Oh no doubt about that; I'm just saying there are certain places where growing pains are more appropriate. Would you call it a growing pain if Coinbase was hacked and people's money was stolen?
Sometimes it's not okay to be a rookie.
@_date: 2013-09-20 19:39:32
If it is a well executed and meticulously run honeypot, they would in fact allow people to withdraw the coins. It is in their benefit to let people pull coins. Honeypots/data mining endeavors are judged not only by the poeple they bust and the money that is seized, but also by the amount of actionable intel/data is gathered. If you held all the coins you wouldn't get to learn about the flow of 'dirty' money in the Bitcoin ecosystem.
@_date: 2013-09-29 18:03:01
IMO (I may or may not be slammed for this), Bitcoin is not currently worth more than $100USD/coin. Anything above this is inflation/pumping. 
To push the price higher than the 150s there will need to be a significant event/reason for the next wave of adopters to move into the currency. The SecondMarket thing will be a small small piece of that, but really there hasn't been anything significant enough to drive adoption in the last few months (post-Cyprus), other than some media hype.
If another Cyprus-like event happens (less if then when) there will be another price shift, because people will be [slightly] more prepared than Cyprus was and they will begin to see the value of holding Bitcoin. In reality though, nothing short of 100% government backing or an economic crises will really push the price of Bitcoin through the roof. William J Luther wrote an interesting [paper]( about this (warning: numbers,math,econ) and I agree with him.
@_date: 2013-10-02 18:35:37
The irony builds by the second. If you read the whole indictment he starts to sound narcissistic. At first glance he is absorbed in his 'mission', but really it's all about him. Wanting to be a martyr, etc... and all the ego nonsense you get from that.
From his mistakes it seems like he almost wanted to get caught, at least subconsciously. He did a lot of stupid shit.
@_date: 2013-09-19 03:57:50


The reason micropayments were effectively nonexistent until recently was because they were too expensive to justify. Bitcoin enables micropayments with little overhead.
Ad models are slowly dying, and if the NYT wanted to charge .001 btc / article and there was a universal, easy to use micropayment plugin that worked across sites people would use it. People pay for subscriptions, why not save money and pay / article...
@_date: 2013-10-07 17:21:47
* [crypto economists consulting group](
* [CryptoCharity](
@_date: 2013-09-13 06:36:16
I don't think you read the response to the suit.
Peter currently has 5.3 million of Gox's [money](


I explain what happened in the thread I linked.
@_date: 2013-09-04 03:36:31
In the U.S. you either follow the rules or get arrested (see: eGold, Liberty Dollars, and Liberty Reserve). Hence the 'gtfo'. getitnow?
@_date: 2013-08-16 21:38:46


I wasn't going to respond again, but I want to use this quote as an opportunity to reframe the perspective I am trying to communicate so you can see it differently. Let's say the network is attacked (and to assume it won't be is naive, IMO) in this "specialized" world of yours--no matter how many more good players then bad players, the network is still vulnerable. The possibility of this alone limits the freedom of the network on a fundamental level. I hope you can see that now.
@_date: 2013-09-26 18:32:33
@_date: 2013-09-17 15:19:45
It's absolutely reasonable. BitShares works in a similar fashion. When it comes to truly decentralized escrow services/asset classes collateral is a given really. 
It will come off as harsh to others that was all I meant.
@_date: 2013-11-13 22:31:16
Ah yes, I read that post of yours. Check out SnapCard it does what BitSpend did. 
As a stop-gap solution companies like this are well suited for allowing Bitcoin-exclusive companies to operate with more breathing room. However stepping back they don't really change the landscape as a whole because they could be shut down just like everyone else. Excited to see your announcements!
@_date: 2013-08-18 15:45:08
1) They don't need to be: 
2) see ^^
3) There are workarounds to this. e.g. crypto financial bank, cash funding, etc...
4) Speculation
5) They are doing AML/KYC, just not 'officially' so they are 
covering their asses. 
6)That could be a problem for them
7)idk about this one
8) doubtful.
@_date: 2013-09-13 06:21:47
Sure mate, that would be my pleasure. I'll write up a detailed blog post this weekend and post it in the subreddit. sunday most likely
@_date: 2013-11-03 19:42:28
If you need any pointers or anything just shoot me a PM, we've been doing this for a little while we got a good system down :)
I will tell you this: be careful where you hold the event, as there are (in the most strict reading of the law) some concerns people have about being prosecuted for breaking AML laws. Tread with caution brother.
@_date: 2013-08-02 15:37:56
That is possible. Inputs.io allows you to do something similar to that already. 
@_date: 2013-08-16 15:47:09




So who gets taxed? Sounds like miners. What about exchanges? Payment processors seem exempt. 
@_date: 2013-08-06 15:42:12
Yes every Monday, 5-7pm. Near Lincoln statue. 
@_date: 2013-10-17 20:12:05
I can only speak for NYC, but we have a hugely vibrant Bitcoin scene.
We have Satoshi Square every Monday, and a [number]( of [other]( [great]( (disclaimer, my meetup) Bitcoin-specific [meetups]( every week.
The scene is quickly expanding. There are tons of VCs and angels (Union Square Ventures, SecondMarket, Liberty City Ventures, BitAngels, etc...) interested in investing in the digital currency space here as well. If you want to start a bitcoin business, this is a great place to do it. It's awesome if you just like chatting about Bitcoin as well!
edit: you get at least 20 people at each event, usually more. Tons of startups including (but not limited to) AlphaPoint, BitInstant, Artabit, Coinsetter, OpenWallet and many many others.
doubleedit:  looks like SF has more businesses, but SF ain't no nyc ;p
@_date: 2013-10-03 15:37:25
What an unnecessary tweet. 
@_date: 2013-08-27 19:17:37
I'm happy to see Jerry step up to the plate recently. He's quite eloquent and a great face for Bitcoin in the legal space. Kudos mate.
@_date: 2013-09-19 21:17:06


@_date: 2013-08-19 20:16:25
A good point, but that is a nuance of a broader conversation: is a reward creating something out "of thin air" that "didn't previously exist"? 
What is important to note here is that to justify that statement you have to separate the reward (Bitcoins) from the method in which they are created and the protocol from which they derive use value. It's almost like saying you could own a Bitcoin before the protocol was ever released. This is a slippery slope argument and could lead to misguided legislation imo.
edit:if that needs further explanation, lmk 
@_date: 2013-09-19 05:00:35
Sorry, I should have explained it.
Let's go with the WiFi example. You walk into a cafe, want to use the wifi. You connect to the wireless, a screen pops up. It has a Bitcoin address. It says .01 btc / 100mb, please deposit no less than .01btc. Any leftover funds will be returned as change when you sign off.
You're not sure how much you are going to need so you deposit .1 btc just in case. The deposit is not a true transaction. You don't broadcast it to the network; you also set a refund address for any leftover money. You get the server to sign the refund transaction. 
This next part is a bit tricky and isn't completely necessary to understand so I'll leave it out. You use the internet, and are ready to leave. You used 900MB of data, which accumulated to .09btc. The server and client sign the transaction with the settled amounts, .09 goes to the cafe and .01 back to the user. 
9 txs in one.
@_date: 2013-08-13 21:32:16
Speaking of huge... that's one huge assumption. ;)
@_date: 2013-09-09 14:59:55
Bobby is right here. This gives California regulators arbitrary control over which companies they allow to hold licenses; they don't need to be specific when denying your company and they can cut you off at a moments notice for 'potential future infringements'. The Aaron Greenspan letter TGB links to speaks [volumes]( to this subject.
This whole law was lobbied for by Amex, WU, MG, Travelex, and I think a few others whose best interests lie in strong-arming emerging payment technologies out of business.
@_date: 2013-09-18 03:37:25
@_date: 2013-07-07 01:24:38
I guess I'm thinking way way in the future when all the coins have been mined and there are only transaction fees to be made anymore. &gt;10 million transactions / day kind of thing. If a significant portion of those are 0-conf it would make sense to mine them is all I'm sayin.
@_date: 2013-06-14 01:38:25
If you'd like an in depth analysis RE US gov regulation and how it would manifest in the bitcoin ecosystem, I recommend you read this: 
@_date: 2013-11-10 19:23:23
Yea, I run the [BitDevs]( meetup, I'd be happy to help.
You already have a host, that's 90% of the battle. The rest is getting people to come out. You should go to all the other NYC bitcoin meetups and announce what you're doing to build interest. Post it here, on Meetup.com and bitcointalk. People will come.
@_date: 2013-10-18 18:00:29
1) From the wiki:










@_date: 2013-11-13 21:24:29
I posted this on HN, but I will repost it here because it is relevant. The question was, what is the "intrinsic value" of Bitcoin:










@_date: 2013-10-14 15:38:49
Yep, every Monday 5-7pm. Locations change per weather etc... Check here or the fb group for updates. 
@_date: 2013-12-07 14:53:17
@_date: 2013-09-04 02:23:40
It's not a function of quantity but instead a function the purpose of the transaction. If you are doing it with the intent to make money on a regular basis, you are a money service business. If, however, you do it for personal means on a limited basis you have nothing to worry about.
&lt;1000 is about reporting, not classification as an MSB.
@_date: 2013-08-06 19:28:10


I don't think that is a fair assumption. More likely you will see entities like BTC Global entering the market with parallel licensing programs so smaller players can enter the market in the US and other heavily-compliant locales. Right now it's highly politicized and extremely expensive. That will change, hopefully for the better. That's what it looks like at least. 
@_date: 2013-10-12 04:39:54
Come on dude, you're getting pissed at the wrong people for the wrong reasons. If you don't want to use Coinbase, that's fine... but don't go claiming they are debasing the good will of the Bitcoin network. They are working hard to make the ecosystem a better place. They are not the villain here. They are getting fucked by fraudsters and have to please the regulators. That's a lot to juggle at once.
You want to be anonymous? Great! Do it on your own time. With powerful tools like [CoinJoin]( you can 'take back' your privacy and enable whatever features of the currency you so choose. 
Bitcoin only becomes centralized when you are FORCED to use a specific service to get coins. No one is forcing you to use Coinbase. Yea they suck at customer service and communication, but they are a great company working hard for the Bitcoin community. If you can't see that then you need to reevaluate your perspective.
@_date: 2013-08-19 17:39:46
Nice and thorough explanation of Bitcoin, easy to read. The innovation section could be beefed up a bit for sure though.
A few issues


Could be confusing, it's not actually 1%. Regulators might attach to the 1% because it's easier to remember.


Wrong, they are discovering already created Bitcoins. This is a fairly significant mistake in the context of regulatory guidance. 
As for the recommendations, this paper nicely points out that if Bitcoin was outlawed, it would only increase its usage in criminal activity and starve the public access to the benefits of the technology. Jerry and Andrea also point out that further clarification is needed from FinCEN RE miners, as well as the fact that current MSB compliance is an unnecessary and fruitless barrier to entry for BitBusinesses. I wouldn't mind this paper being in policy-maker's hands. 
For those interested, policy 'recommendations' (I use the term loosely) start on 35 (see:33). 
@_date: 2013-10-15 19:47:41
Yes! :)
@_date: 2013-08-04 06:47:18
Yea, that seems quite odd. Probably an oversight. 
@_date: 2013-06-28 03:56:21


I think that's a reasonable statement. The title may have been misleading but the article wasn't overreaching in that aspect. Clearly the author is not particularly informed about Bitcoin in the grand scheme but that's irrelevant to the quote above.
@_date: 2013-06-11 21:15:26
Yea, that's more like it. Let's work with your 20% example.
Everyone would be required to pay 15-17% of their taxes without an opinion of where the cash goes. Then, like you've said, for the last 3-5% they can select from a pool (as many as they like) of underfunded or otherwise ailing programs. This would not, however, give them power to resurrect dead or otherwise rejected programs.
Does that seem reasonable to you?
@_date: 2013-11-06 17:26:28
No proof of stake in this scheme. 
Basically a user is given a "recommendation" for which chain has the most confidence. Confidence is basically determined by the number of identities which have approved the blocks prior. 
I believe this would be helpful in the SM scenario because if selfish miners were withholding their blocks for any extended period of time, when they finally did release the blocks they would have a very low "confidence" rating, and thus their blocks would not be adopted as the main chain. 
It's explained on page 3 of the paper. 
@_date: 2013-06-11 15:51:39
Word, I hope that's the case. Time will tell :)
@_date: 2013-11-14 17:31:33
Oh damn didn't see this. There was a major once a month Bitcoin meetup last night that probably took away most of the crowd from you. Sorry, I would have been there. Next time, promise!
@_date: 2013-08-16 22:22:03
See, no you are wrong. All it takes is one bad guy to take down the whole network with the right access to tools. This is an effect of centralization. Cmon man think outside your box.
edit: i'm over arguing with you., we are running in circles. your named after zeus, after all. we can agree to disagree. time will tell the tale.
@_date: 2013-09-14 16:43:14
Well mining will always be necessary, if only to execute the proof of work to check a transaction is not a double spend/counterfeit/etc... 
Fear not about scalability of the blockchain. Running an SPV node (just the headers of the block) will become ubiquitous moving forward as more Bitcoin-specific software is built. Cheaper storage, pruning, compression etc... will all be possible. 
Microtransactions are available (in bitcoind and bitcoinj) now but not much software uses it at this point. Don't you worry though some big stuff is in the pipeline :)
I'll be honest I guess I gotta do more research on XRP I realized in this conversation I don't know enough about it to have an intelligent conversation about it. See you in the next thread mate. 
@_date: 2013-06-28 17:33:15
Hmmm... a very troubling development. Unless this happens in a private space where you need to prove your identity to security I daresay this is an overreach by the organizers. If it is happening in a private space that ruins the point of the whole Satoshi Square meetup.
If you are meeting in person you don't need the same level of accountability as if you were trading online, which is the beauty of the process. Scammers can't survivve in a space where there is accountability in the crowd of people surrounding you. If regulators came in and said you cant do this without a MSB/MTB license then I would understand... but no one here should be making money on transactions. That's the whole point. 
I attend Satoshi Square in NYC and this sort of thing has certainly (and [most likely] will not be) not been implemented. Kills the vibe if you ask me.
@_date: 2013-08-31 16:36:49
If you'd like to help, there are some small tasks [here](
@_date: 2013-11-24 05:54:47
I'm quite curious as to how such a conclusion was reached. Because so little information can be extrapolated from movements of coins in the blockchain with circumstantial context I am going to have to call this theory bogus.
The technical and op sec capacities of even some magical prior iteration of the DPR character are neither on par or remotely similar to that of Satoshi. It appears we now have journals left behind by Ross that [allegedly] prove his play in all iterations of the DPR character from the start. 
Satoshi was way too smart for this nonsense. 
@_date: 2013-09-21 01:18:29
Cool, looking forward to reading more. For the record I was referring to [Hierarchical Deterministic]( wallets.
@_date: 2013-12-01 23:26:52
Okay, that theory is different then you previously mentioned (see: lying). 
I'm on my mobile I will check the timeline later. 
@_date: 2013-08-18 00:16:06
edit: I was confused, I get it now. 
@_date: 2013-09-03 18:54:29


That was what I was referring to; I may have misread it, but it appears to say that client-side wallets (I read it as: 'hybrid' wallets, e.g. StrongCoin) can be 'high security'. Regardless there is no perfect security, even when you control the keys yourself.
Anyway, you are proving my point. I see a future where online wallet services can be insured, thus their security is paramaount, but not the end all be all. That is all.  
edit:i reupvoted, since i seem to have misread.
@_date: 2013-12-23 05:57:24
Didn't see this until now, not sure what proof I can offer at this point. I'm a New Yorker, I can take pics at the next court date.
@_date: 2013-06-12 06:36:57
I think that's an unrealistic expectation. More recent attacks on SR have shown it not to effect the price of BTC that significantly. 
@_date: 2013-10-08 15:49:06
You are correct, they basically alter their internal ledger to reflect the movement of coins. This gets around tx fees and confirmation time.


Well, as a bystander it's hard to tell. They say a lot of nice things about security but whether or not they stand the test of time is yet to be seen. They host their servers with Linode (which is a huge red flag... think back to Bitcoinica) and they probably use a scripting language which opens them up to a whole host of attacks.
Storing your coins there is entirely a risk, as it is with any online wallet service. Moving forward we will probably see online services store more and more of their coins in cold wallets for peace of mind (see:Coinbase, Coindrawer, etc...).
@_date: 2013-07-14 17:08:05
I see, that's a tricky one. It will be difficult to differentiate between some of the nuances of your requirements. This service is not prepared to handle your request just yet, but it is getting there. I recommend checking it out in a few weeks: 
@_date: 2013-06-27 23:15:57
That feature will never exist because their is too much liability for the person who sends fiat. That is a reversible payment method (more often then not); Bitcoin is non reversible. This opens up the payee to being defrauded.
Or perhaps I am not understanding you properly. It seems like Flattr's initial tweet is neither helpful nor informative. BitPay or Coinbase have the best merchant tools to help people recieve Bitcoins and take out dollars or Bitcoin. That's about as good as it gets right now.
@_date: 2013-07-16 02:22:21
once the king of coin
trades colder than winter night
gox we say goodnight
@_date: 2013-09-03 04:44:10
Truecrypt by itself won't do you much good if you store the encrypted container on a computer connected to the internet. If you are infected with malware (which you must assume will happen) a simple keylogger will undermine your whole plan. 
FWIW, there is no perfect security. If you need to access all the coins all the time, you will need to keep them on your computer, an encrypted container will really only keep out someone who might have physical access to your computer and no way to keylog before coming across the container. However, if you can manage to live without the coins all the time it's best to print them or store them entirely offline on a flash drive etc...
@_date: 2013-09-27 18:47:51
Personally, I don't think so. There are many more banks in Panama, you don't hear them saying anything about a holiday.
@_date: 2013-07-27 03:41:20
cool man i'll keep an eye out for it
@_date: 2013-09-13 07:01:25
I added a quote in my original comment to provide some clarity until I write the full thing :)
edit: peter has essentially 'seized' mtgox customer funds.
@_date: 2013-10-17 18:59:31
Do you have numbers? I can't seem to find any useful metrics on their site.
@_date: 2013-09-04 02:44:29
As always, golf clap to gavin and the crew for all their hard work. Cheers mates.
@_date: 2013-09-13 17:43:57
No, it's not. Because if Ripple gets shut down XRP becomes worthless.
@_date: 2013-08-26 20:21:58
Wow, huge. I wonder if they had been planning this for awhile or got some extra funding to support the promo. 
Either way, wowwowow. Reminds me of the 20 million PP gave away when they opened up.
@_date: 2013-10-12 01:32:19
Not a good idea.
@_date: 2013-06-08 20:26:34
Good catch. Thanks for pointing that out. 
Point still stands, though :)
@_date: 2013-10-07 18:53:32
yep, no doubt about that. but a subscription model is still a worthwhile consideration for Coinbase in the future. I don't think the 1M free will be a forever thing....
@_date: 2013-09-19 15:43:42
As it stands, the double spend attack is fairly effective. Like FreeToEvolve says, however, there are some very easy and low-overhead solutions. A few researchers wrote a paper called [Have a Snack, Pay with Bitcoins]( that outlines the changes necessary to lower the efficacy of a double spend attack to .088% probability.
I wrote a [summary]( about it if you don't want to read the whole paper.
0-conf shouldn't take any longer then it would to swipe your credit card and sign the receipt. If it does something is up with your client or your internet connection.
@_date: 2013-08-28 18:55:30
The whitepaper is [here](
It's quite technical, not an easy read unless you're an econ pro.
@_date: 2013-07-26 21:12:06
Canada's FinTRAC does not consider Bitcoin businesses MSBs, so you would not need lawyers and KYC/AML compliance programs to sell Bitcoins for cash (just don't serve American citizens). 
@_date: 2013-09-19 14:39:04
Haha, loving it buddy. Great stuff!


Not exactly. All you need is to be connected (through a phone connection) to someone who does have internet. An SMS is all it takes. Yes obviously this has limits, but PayPal certainly doesn't have that capacity. As we have seen there are a surprising number of people in developing nations that have access to phones and service on the cheap. If there are no phones at the very least, Bitcoin is useless. No one will argue that; but again, so is PayPal in that scenario.


Of course man, it's been around for over 15 YEARS. Bitcoin is still a child. PayPal has more reach, obviously. They are also a multi BILLION dollar company for christ sake. Right now Bitcoin is an infant, and we are still building out the infrastructure to make it easier to use and to lower the barriers to entry. But in the end of the day Bitcoin has the potential to grow greater than PayPal for the reason I mentioned earlier(just look up the PayPal country blacklist and see for yourself).
If you want more I can give them: Bitcopin has lower fees, your money won't be arbitrarily frozen, if PayPal ever broke the law and was shut down your money would be gone forever - not so with Bitcoin, no chargebacks, the list goes on really.
It's obviously too early to judge the future landscape of Bitcoin. You are welcome to judge it, no one really gives a shit (well, given your emotive responses you clearly do), but just remember it will be a half-assed judgment with only some of the facts. Shit on Bitcoin all you like. Honestly that is fine with me. I felt it my duty to at least explain it to you once, give you the chance to see where you might be wrong.
@_date: 2013-10-12 17:46:58
Ignore the substance and concern yourself with me, classic deflection!
@_date: 2013-11-10 17:32:27
As a point of reference I don't think you can qualify technology B (Bitcoin) as being more disruptive then technology A (internet) when B requires A to operate.
@_date: 2013-09-04 02:11:22
I can now confirm this is true. For a slight premium (3-5%, can't remember exactly) mtgox will withdraw your funds from their account in Yen, convert it to your local currency (another fee for the forex tacked on) and send you the funds through an alternative means (source: someone who knows someone who has done it).
@_date: 2013-10-03 04:07:31


Easier said than done, but I agree with the sentiment.
@_date: 2013-11-15 02:23:43
Alarm bells ringing. 
@_date: 2013-07-14 04:52:55
Curious as to why you'd do a roundabout link to slashdot? Whenever I see BTC related articles there the comments usually trash Bitcoin and our community. I stopped going for that reason alone. Hacker News FTW.
For those who don't want to click through here is the source link:  
If the 'timeline' on that site is right, it would appear as if TH have stopped refunding because they are low on cash after they had to refund to cloudhashing (80k) right after buying a second batch of chips. All these people now asking for a refund are making the problem worse for everyone else, because if refunds start piling up eventually TH will falter and have to play the bankrupcy card. This is a threat to BFL as well.
All the while if everyone was patient and didn't shit the bed all would end well (assuming its not a scam, which I don't think it is).
@_date: 2013-09-17 17:53:25
HAHA Peter Vessenes regulatory irony 


@_date: 2013-06-28 19:44:23
I did, but that is still off point in my book.
What if someone wants to come and learn about Bitcoin but doesn't know how to get an address. It's a limiting factor no matter which way you look at it. You have to post the address in the Meetup which ties it to your name, something not everyone would be willing to do. Seems very odd in my book tbch. 
edit: not to mention you have no legitimate reason yet to be mining peoples identity and addresses. Where is all this info stored? Meetup.com? cmon. If you are using project buttonwood then you have an interface like this at your disposal:  No need to force gov id and address decleration
@_date: 2013-09-03 19:49:26
From the [FAQ](


There is no way servers (no matter how widely distributed the network is) could be impervious to government regulation unfortunately. 
@_date: 2013-10-08 01:57:37
How am I doing [now](
No hard feelings man, I'm not posting here for the 'I told you so', this is in the name of harm reduction. Nothing good can come from a false sense of security.
@_date: 2013-09-09 14:54:43
This is a fallacy. I have had the same thought a few times but in the end of the day if they have one private key, even if it is one of three, it is the equivalent of having control of the money. 


You'd assume that airbnb would need a key in case something went awry with the two parties sending each other other money. dispute mediation or something.
@_date: 2013-08-15 21:07:59
Oh cool. I was just going off the Ripple wiki:


So you're saying gateways could theoretically back their holdings with non-cash goods as well. Makes sense. 
@_date: 2013-08-19 20:54:07


Even so, they are simply actors in a preexisting framework. They may choose to flex their hashing power and change the rules of the game but that doesn't constitute creation, just abuse of a protocol that was already there.
The creator is Satoshi, and Satoshi isn't around. That doesn't mean legislators get to pass the buck on to miners. This is a novel technology presented in a novel manner, it requires more than pointing fingers at who might be the creators in the network.
edit: now that I think about it, going forward alt. currency creators should keep this in mind when issuing their currencies. they could be legally responsible for the use that goes on in the currency. lol, i guess that is implicit in the whole bitcoin thing. satoshi isn't around for a good reason
@_date: 2013-11-03 05:25:44
Wouldn't holding these at the same time that the NYC one happens (the original satoshi square) Monday 5-7PM make more sense?
@_date: 2013-10-26 05:42:39
He's speaking about the Have a Snack, Pay with Bitcoins paper. [1] It has a complimentary paper about Information Propogation Delay in the Bitcoin Network. [2]
[1] 
[2] 
 
I wrote summaries of the papers, you can check them out [here]( and [here](
@_date: 2013-08-24 22:20:54
That depends on what you mean by decentralized. If there is a company managing your coins the most likely answer is no. There is coinpunk as someone mentioned, but that too is centralized in the traditional sense of the word. 
If you mean a 'hybrid wallet' that allows you to keep your keys secret from the providers, something like StrongCoin is what you want. Blockchain.info uses client-side encryption like StrongCoin and you can backup your keys from there as well. If you use a wallet services mixing service, however (e.g. Inputs.io), you will give up exclusive access to your keys. 
Theoretically you could make a decentralized wallet service that acted kind of like the blockchain. In this scenario you might use a namecoin esque DNS resolve for the site, and keys would be stored encrypted by users of the service who acted like nodes. Would require a bit of work I imagine, but doable. 
@_date: 2013-08-12 17:34:41




The office pictures mean very little in the context you provided, I hope you understand. Not to mention if you are trying to keep your company safe you shouldn't post pictures with windows visible, where someone can potentially figure out where you are. Just a point of reference. 


I'm confused as to why you would bring in publicity or ego to the conversation, when that is not why you would be offering up those details. 
So just to be clear: are you declining a [second] 3rd party audit of your financials?
@_date: 2013-08-03 01:47:37
Lol, you mean more in two weeks.
@_date: 2013-10-05 16:18:08
If it wasn't clear from the SR case, the online drug scene only works when all parties involved are as anonymous as possible. The second you start hiring hitmen and gangs of thugs to do your bidding, you have points of connection that weaken your position as operator of an online drug marketplace. 
Not to mention that means you will have to know the locations of the people you are going to exercise violence against, and send a team out there to do your bidding. This is not always easy, especially if the person takes a few basic measures to conceal their identity. It is best to be as hands off as possible in these cases, interacting with your users only when necessary. DPR made many mistakes, being violent was one of them, talking too much was another.
If someone is smart (or dumb) enough to open the next MOODM (major open online drug market, just made that one up), you would hope they will learn from the mistakes of DPR. If you build your system right from the beginning (e.g. requiring private messages to be encrypted), no one would have been able to blackmail or monitor your activities.
If you really take a step back, the blackmail situation could have been handled much better. Yes SR was hacked and info was stolen, but the information shouldn't have been in plaintext anyway. You could blame this on DPR, or you could blame it on careless buyers/sellers. Mainly the latter. When he was being blackmailed, he should have just told the community to cover their asses and learn from their mistakes, instead of going to great lengths to salvage his reputation.
Violence would not have solved any of the problems DPR had. Nor will it help future MOODM. It's a completely different beast then f2f vending. Not sure why you think otherwise....
@_date: 2013-09-03 04:34:06
Nothing whatsoever gives me confidence in this company. 
@_date: 2013-08-13 17:22:35
A similar technique is mentioned in the paper but I did not put it in the summary, simply because it ran too high a bandwith bill, so to speak. They mention it towards the very end. Check it out. 
Basically they connected to every possible node and reduced the forks from like 169 to like 70 something. 
@_date: 2013-08-04 23:54:29
If you read the IEEE paper I link in a few other posts in this thread, you will see that hidden services can be uncovered at relatively low cost in a speedy manner by a malicious entity.
The server location is of value, because if it was compromised in theory a malicious party could use that as a jump point to target not only the users of the site but also the admins and related persons.
It's a game of cat and mouse no doubt, and there are a million and one things DPR can do to obfuscate his whereabouts just like there are a million and one things LE could do to find him. No system is perfect, I don't know why everyone feels the need to argue otherwise. I'm not knocking SR I'm just being real.
@_date: 2013-08-18 21:13:45
So it's not like the US where you need licensing when you service their citizens, even if from a different country?
edit: as long as you don't advertise, of course.
@_date: 2013-08-17 21:35:55
Yea, the regulatory 'glitch' stems from the following: preexisting regulatory frameworks (in the US, at least) rest on the inclusion of an issuer in the equation. In the case of Bitcoin you could argue that Satoshi is the issuer, but no one knows who Satoshi is, so there is no one to call on when the regulators come knocking. Every past virtual currency has had a central issuer. 
Miners, like Ago said, compete to find the Bitcoins but they are not the issuers per se. It's like saying gold miners are the issuers of gold, when in fact mother nature did it. If it was something like Liberty Dollars or Liberty Reserve, well you know what happens next.
@_date: 2013-10-01 20:36:48
[Related]( discussion.
@_date: 2013-07-26 21:51:10
Citizens. If you serve American citizens you will have to operate under the purview of FinCEN. Anyone else you are fine. 
@_date: 2013-09-13 17:39:46
Right, but the beauty of Bitcoin is that there is no financial intermediary. With Ripple there is, it's a gateway. Open source or not if you are running a gateway you are responsible for the money that flows through your gateway (legally, at least in the US. I don't necessarily agree with this but it is the unfortunate truth - which is also the reason Satoshi made Bitcoin the way he did). 
@_date: 2013-10-25 20:08:35
EB has a point. If they (NSA) started filtering calls to the blockchain they could easily fracture the network and reak havoc on our ability to transact Bitcoins. It wouldn't kill Bitcoin per se, but it would seriously handicap the network for all of us. 
@_date: 2013-08-05 03:02:06
Well, I was going to stop but you seem persistent, so I will oblige. 
What I am saying is that a full explanation of the FM situation is not needed. What is important is that the bust didn't happen overnight and that there is no way to be entirely certain that an investigation is occurring and just how far along it is. Call me FUD, make the conversation personal, whatever works for you man just don't let some brilliant cryptography and clever onion routing give you a false sense of security. 
It's called the precautionary principle.
@_date: 2013-08-04 04:11:12
You're still not getting it. Try reading my explanations more closely, I'm gonna stop here before we go full circle. 
@_date: 2013-07-09 17:32:20
This paper is extremely dense but hugely informative; I'm working on a summary of it, I will post in here when it is complete. 










1st page snippet:


In this paper2 we will experiment with the speculative notion of an exclusively informational money (EXIM), and we will perform a thought experiment with Bitguilder, a hypothetical copy of Bitcoin merely seen as a piece of software engineering. Bitguilder is uncommitted to a part of the ideological basis that Bitcoin supporters may intend or need to keep in reserve for Bitcoin. Bitguilder is classified as an EXIM.


@_date: 2013-10-08 15:42:19
Okay, but your Beta appears open to everyone. I signed up from NY. You should be very careful here. You are on shaky ground....
@_date: 2013-09-08 06:17:49
For anyone interested he answers a number of my questions in the bitcointalk thread I link to above.
@_date: 2013-09-20 20:57:57
Sketch? Nah... just modest/old school.
@_date: 2013-11-30 20:31:58
Nice job Stefan, quite thorough.
I wish more people would talk about the technology sans the coin, as to paint a picture that speaks to the  ingenuity of the protocol on a very low level.
Once you strip away the coin, you can manipulate the protocol (as in, new blockchain) for alternative use cases such as carbon dating (voting, prior art, etc...) [[1]( carbon emissions trading platforms [[2]( the preservation of open data [[3]( reputation scoring for TTPs [[4]( messaging systems [BitMessage], decentralized DNS [Namecoin],  etc...
@_date: 2013-07-23 21:08:57


You are offing a payment service to the internet; you need to prove your trustworthiness if you expect people to use it. Your WHOIS is private, and there are no details about the business on the site itself. It's only fair to assume people will want to know who they are dealing with before they trust you. Bitcoin is non-reversible, and your service can be easily used as a platform to scam people.


When you offer a service that involves money, you need to be sure the system is reliable and will not muck up the transaction and lose someone their money. This is why many banks still use code written more than 40 years ago in their backend. 
Thus why would I use my money to help you test your service? That seems silly, test it yourself and use your own money... or better yet use the testnet. When you have a finished product and it works come back and then we can try it out.
@_date: 2013-06-10 23:54:01
I've amended the post, thanks mate.
Jurisdictional shopping - never heard the term - sounds like a cool idea, although I'm not sure I understand how that would manifest exactly. Can you give an example of how that would play out in relation to, lets say... a new bitcoin exchange trying to get into the game? 
That might be a tall order. Perhaps you can just explain it a little more?
@_date: 2013-10-08 15:38:39
Oh man, totally come out!
There are lots of Bitcoin meetups in NYC. I actually organize one of them myself. Every other Tuesday is [BitDevs]( Alternating Tuesday's is [Founder's Forum]( Sometimes there are others as well, just join the BitDevs and BitcoinNYC Meetup groups to keep abreast with upcoming meetups etc...
On Mondays there is [Satoshi Square]( (usually in Union Square near the Lincoln Statue, although we will probably be moving soon as it gets cold). Afterwards we get drinks at [BitcoinDemos](
My name is Justin, I'm always at all the meetups... look out for me say hi. Hope to see you there mate.
@_date: 2013-06-12 00:50:06
Yea we're gonna run in circles now. We can agree to disagree :)
Thanks for the discussion though you brought up some interesting points.
@_date: 2013-09-19 15:27:57
This will go down in Bitcoin history as an epic fuck up by Charlie. And yet he still finds the time to make it out to all his speaking engagements...
@_date: 2013-11-26 09:21:36
You're right. Let me stand on a pedestal and shout my thoughts at every possible keystroke.
I made a funny, get over it. breathe easy.
@_date: 2013-09-03 19:16:05
Even when they were accepting bitbusinesses, the chances you would get a call back from jordan were slim and none. There was no official channel to open a dialogue with them, very unprofessional and a PITA.
I say that with all due respect of course.
@_date: 2013-09-16 16:05:53
Sorry, you lost me. Most of your statements have nothing to do with the comment I quoted.
McMillan's statement:


...implies that the future of mtgox is directly reflective of the future of Bitcoin. That couldn't be more wrong. Gox is just an example of a poorly steered ship; this says nothing about long term viability of Bitcoin.
What I was implying with this quote:


...was that despite what everyone in here thinks, most countries have taken relatively predictable responses to the Bitcoin protocol. Banks are playing hardball yes, but did people really think Bitcoin companies would get some special treatment when it came to AML laws? No, of course not. Thus all Bitcoin companies must go through the same shenanigans that all MSBs must go through.
disclaimer: I don't support these regulations or the powers that be necessarily, I am just telling it how it is.


Huh? No one said otherwise. Right now regulations are just periphery, they don't seek to manipulate aspects of the protocol; they simply monitor and record transaction between parties. There has been no indication this will change anytime soon. And if they did, people wouldn't upgrade their Bitcoin software.
@_date: 2013-06-27 00:10:24
This place reeks like a honeypot. LEO gettin crafty.
@_date: 2013-11-30 07:18:35


Ah yes, I almost forgot [that]( discussion happened. Selective memory perhaps, thanks.
@_date: 2013-10-07 16:42:45
Yes, would like some more info. You claim to be from FL. What name are you incorporated under? What name should I look up when searching for you AML licenses?
edit:more to come
















doubleedit: could not find you as a licensed [MSB](
At first glance the people behind this [appear] semi-legit. More info will be needed from them to assess whether or not this site will be able to operate legally.
@_date: 2013-06-27 13:44:55
You guys underestimate LE. That's all I have to say on the matter.
I'm not gonna argue in circles about it we can agree to disagree.
@_date: 2013-10-07 18:18:45
Looks like Wordle.net.
@_date: 2013-10-27 01:00:01
You are a payment processor, you may be able to skate without licensing up. Either way, great job guys keep it up :)
@_date: 2013-10-08 17:32:15
This ZipZap/Ripple relationship is gonna be huge.
@_date: 2013-07-09 17:48:57
That's the whole point of proof-of-work. It won't be worth the computational power to send the messages. That's what HashCash is all about.
@_date: 2013-08-31 16:27:51
There is, but it might not happen this week because of Labor Day. It will probably be posted in this subreddit if it's on.
@_date: 2013-10-03 14:55:05
yep ur right i skimmed the answer :)
@_date: 2013-12-22 18:06:38
I wouldn't equate this with ASIC manufacturers as this hardware was pre built, they just had it branded and integrated into their backend. 
I like the idea but I'll be honest I don't see these cards getting big if the merchant needs the terminal for them to be useful.
@_date: 2013-11-14 09:30:22


I like this idea, although I'm not sure how it would be executed. It would be easy to pull a satoshi out of an address (it is just one UTXO after all) that came from an unknown source, so there is that to consider.
@_date: 2013-08-23 19:07:30
So you propose that anyone who wants to operate a Bitcoin business in the US ignore regulators and open themselves up for prosecution? lol you first
@_date: 2013-12-24 01:07:24
Yes, but that comes at great cost. Just raising the block size to 10mb will make the blockchain grow ~10GB/month. That's 70tx/s. To reach 10-20K tx/s, well you can do the math. That means the bandwith and storage requirements will be massive, leading to a scenario where only institutions and academia will be able to run  full nodes. 
The alternative is TTPs. Check out the [keepbitcoinfree]( project for more info.
edit:fixed link
@_date: 2013-10-15 21:47:46
The question was meant to be rhetorical. I didn't mean to imply that they were better or worse than any other system, just stating it like it is.
And in certain respects they are much better than what we have now, but they are not the end all solution as they still have the same scalability issues Bitcoin has. No way around that unless you start trading them off chain, then you are right back to square one with 3rd parties.
@_date: 2013-11-18 01:22:24
Well said!
@_date: 2013-08-20 19:53:15
Alarm bells ring security wise, but a cool idea no less. NFC transactions seem like a natural progression of the tech.
@_date: 2013-10-02 16:21:16
He's definitely not behind Bitcoin. His behavior with the media alone is evidence of that. 
@_date: 2013-10-26 13:19:18
@_date: 2013-08-21 21:21:03
You can send cash in the mail, there is nothing illegal about that
I'm talking about the circumstances of the transaction, so if the Bitcoins were being cashed out by, let's say a drug dealer under investigation, and they were hoping to cash out anonymously, LE could capture the mail and open it. It's not a fool proof method nor is it really anonymous, because you have to give an address. Theoretically LE could set up honeypots to gather addresses of people cashing out through these channels. 
edit: I didn't see the second half of your post. The Postal Inspectors arrest tons of postal workers each year for theft. It's a real thing, I'll find numbers when I get home. Postal workers are clever, they watch for patterns, get to know your packages, etc... It's pretty easy to spot money in an envelope if not packaged very well.
@_date: 2013-07-27 02:49:46
You don't need anything but the internet and the motivation to do it. Start with posting the idea here and bitcointalk, see if you can get any interest. Then post it on Meetup.com and before you know it you will have 5-10 people. Set the date, time and show up. 
I'm sure there are public parks and other places you can get people to meet. If you build it they will come. Or you could just wish for one.
@_date: 2013-09-04 02:31:20
No, it's quite nuanced actually and not as simple as keeping a record of the transactions. Standing back the process is relatively straightforward: you do identity verification, monitor transactions, report suspicious activity, keep records, and open your doors to third party audits. 
That is just the face of it. If you look through his other material, like [this]( slideshow, you see that you won't even make it as far as the government bonds, let alone through a banks front door if you don't have all the nuanced bureaucratic bullshit on point on every level. It's stupid, but it's reality. Follow the rules or ~~gtfo~~ get arrested.
edit:for clarity
@_date: 2013-07-11 19:38:00
SHA 256 will never decentralize, that's the problem with it which is why we need an exit plan (50/50 sha/scrypt) - which is being discussed now. In the coming year it will not be feasible for individuals to profitably mine Bitcoin. Only large [centralized] operations with loads of financial backing and industrial sized warehouses will survive.
Dan Kaminsky mentions this in the security panel discussion at the 2013 conference. Many others have as well, including the creator of the HashCash protocol.
@_date: 2013-08-13 15:28:04
I wasn't referring to the compliance program itself. Simply the cost of getting the licenses. 
edit: as you (kinda) mentioned you can automate most of the compliance needs if you have the skillset to do so. Or you can outsource it. 
Question for you: is there some special sauce to compliance systems? Or is it simply a function of having a well-sorted database of users and a complimentary identification system to ensure they are who they say they are?
As for watching patterns for suspicious activity per compliance guidelines that I know for a fact you can just write scripts to watch out for. Or am I wrong there?
@_date: 2013-08-23 17:12:31
I received this from David Landsman of the NMTA this morning. From the survey:




@_date: 2013-07-10 18:28:00
See, it's not really appropriate to make claims about something you have no idea about.
Marco Santori is the Foundation's Chairman of the Bitcoin Foundation's Regulatory Affairs Committee, a relationship that didn't exist before a few days ago.
Marco has been rallying behind Bitcoin at his law firm for quite awhile, championing the idea. It wasn't until now that he could convince them to accept Bitcoin thanks to Bitpay. 
@_date: 2013-11-04 20:08:24
If you step back, ZeroCoin never needs to be implemented into Bitcoin. An alt coin can implement it; you could then do an atomic cross chain transaction, conceal your identity by trading in this ZC-enabled chain, then come back to Bitcoin and no one would be the wiser
But you bring up another issue, tx fee size. That's a hard problem, no perfect solutions exist (that I know of) just yet.
@_date: 2013-11-18 00:47:29
This is protocol specific news, not some peripheral nonsense. What effects us effects them in this respect. 
@_date: 2013-11-14 08:17:22






It seems you have conflated issues, as you can mix the coins all you like, but that doesn't necessarily solve the problem; coins won't be suddenly whitelisted because you decided to mix them. In fact, it could have the opposite effect and cause a higher level of taint if authorities decide to blacklist any coins that have passed through a tx that fits the profile of CoinJoin.
Eventually there will be two economies created, and no currently implemented technical solution can solve this particular conundrum (as far as I'm aware). Perhaps chaum blind signatures are the answer, but that's a low level protocol change that requires network and core dev consensus. It would also (as we have seen with ZeroCoin), greatly burden the blockchain with bloat.
@_date: 2013-12-22 05:33:18
Being registered with FinCEN is not the only requirement of a Money Service Business. They must be licensed in the states in which they operate and I am positive they do not have licenses in most states, as NY is explicitly not allowing any Bitcoin business to be granted licenses at the moment. Most states just follow NY's lead. And to your second question, they don't have to be an exchange to be a MSB; they are converting value from one medium (cash) into another (Bitcoin), and as such they must be licensed. Just look at Cassicus coins, they were just given a cease and desist. Or BitInstant. The list goes on...
I have no doubt you have gotten your coins and been happy with the service, like I said they will most likely provide their customers with a pleasant experience, but that doesn't preclude them from being shut down by regulators or their banks. IMO they are a ticking time bomb. 
@_date: 2013-08-12 18:09:56


@_date: 2013-10-15 19:42:32
Probably that there needs to be an issuer to back the coin with whatever 'color' the coin has been given (contract, asset, whatever).
@_date: 2013-06-27 01:34:59
How long it has been around has no causative relationship to whether or not it is a honeypot.
Honestly you have no idea what LE wants, and assuming you do makes you sounds more like a cop than anyone in this thread. And no, I'm not accusing I'm just using 'deductive' reasoning as you so cooly put it.
In fact, this would make LOTS of sense for them to do, because they aren't stupid; they know darknet will only grow and they have limited control over what goes on in the onion network. The only way to get ahead of the game is to play the game. If you haven't been around the online scene for awhile you wouldn't understand this. Especially if you only hang around onion marketplaces. This shit has been going on for ages mate, I've seen it all.
Given the technical prowess of the NSA it would be trivial for them to set up something like this in conjunction with the DEA and just data mine for months, years maybe before they do a huge international bust.
And don't think because its on tor they don't know who you are; it's trivial to denomymize the network with enough of the nodes. If they control the guard nodes for the marketplace and they have a reasonable number of relay and end point nodes set up they could capture pretty much all traffic in and out of there site.
So please, don't tell me to deduce my reasoning if you haven't done so yourself mate.
@_date: 2013-09-19 02:45:48
Well they cut ties with Gox because of legal issues. If you are operating legally the risk of arbitrary closure is probably diminished. 
@_date: 2013-08-19 01:29:52
As a point of reference there actually is a Bitcoin derivative market. 
edit: also his argument about alt. currencies diluting the market so much so that it might kill the whole cryptocurrency party is just silly. at worst they will get outcompeted and die out, at best they will find niche uses and flourish. 
@_date: 2013-09-27 17:00:40


Think of it like a tree. The "extended" public key is like the seed. From the seed grows the tree and branches (new addresses) thereof. What is nice about this is that you cannot determine what tree an address is derived from unless you are the one who spawned the keys. This help maintains privacy and increases usability (one doesn't need to manually create a new address for every transaction, the "extended" aspect of the public key does all the heavy lifting).
edit:let me give a use case so it's easier to understand. Let's say you're an online store. You wan't to keep your financials private, as you don't want your competitors to figure out how much money you are making and you don't want customers/potential criminals snooping in on your business. 
If you are accepting Bitcoin w/o a HD wallet, you will have to create a new address (aka a new public key) for each transaction and then be careful not to later bundle the funds into one address before cashing out. A simple block explorer will expose your companies earnings very quickly. You will also have to make sure you have the private key stored for each of the separate addresses. This can be confusing and complicated.
If you are using an HD wallet, you will have one "extended" public key that you can give to all your customers, and even post it publicly. When someone sends you funds, another address is created (with its own seperate public/private key). However, you can also access the funds with the seed private key (it corresponds to the extended public key). This has a downside, being that if your seed is compromised so are all the children. But it's a reasonable tradeoff if you take reasonable safety measures.
@_date: 2013-10-11 17:03:02
If you have undeniable proof it was not illegal, by all means. Good luck with that though.
@_date: 2013-08-05 02:33:56
Again its about methodology, not execution. I won't defend it again, I've said my peace. I already posted another in this thread, the telaviv 'darknet' bust since people like to focus on all the wrong questions. 
@_date: 2013-09-26 18:44:08
Perhaps SecondMarket will go nonprofit tomorrow. Then they won't be parasites anymore!
@_date: 2013-06-07 23:47:58
"... unifying debt and bullion, which almost all current discussions haven't had the language to address, and which Bitcoin nails perfectly"
Well said.
Edit: I see you've edited your post. I agree with your statement: "This paper misunderstands Kocherlakota 1998's use of memory, when making the "imperfect memory" claim. 
I should have been more explicit in my summary about that, thanks. 
@_date: 2013-07-15 17:27:14
Oh for the record, Coinbase does have a wallet and it is OS.
@_date: 2013-07-11 19:39:55
Even at $50 those will not be profitable. Maybe in the immediate short term, but medium to long term no way. Difficulty will be far too high.
@_date: 2013-09-18 04:23:19
Right, they could do that anytime though. Here at least you give them an incentive not to (which is the same logic as your whitehat page). 
but i hear you; i am considering them for my own platform but haven't made the dive just yet with the same hesitation. in the end of the day your internal personnel could do the same so you have to weigh your budget, expertise, etc... and make sure you have enough eyes on the system at any given time to minimize risk. good luck with whatever u guys choose :)
@_date: 2013-12-23 07:23:55
His family looked the worst. Distraught, really.
He was very still the whole time; he certainly does a good job of hiding his emotions. If he is the one (at this point it looks like it, although I have heard more conspiracy stories than I care to count... not totally convinced; I think he might have some sociopathic/psychopathic tendencies, making it hard to get a read on his vibe. 
@_date: 2013-08-29 19:07:09
I understand that. I am talking about if I was Coinbase or another money market Bitcoin business. I would not want to force my customers to have a bank account with you. I would want to be an agent of your license, do AML/KYC myself and report back to you. We would have a money market bank account with you and keep a ledger of where funds should be allocated (aka all our customer funds are in our account, and we manage their money). I will not say the service we would offer exactly because we have not opened up shop yet, but it would require us to manage all our customers funds.
I posted this in your bitcointalk [thread]( You can read through the discussion to get a better sense of what I mean; at the end your rep says that you do not offer this and would consider it. 
edit: a better description of my scenario at the end of the discussion: 
@_date: 2013-08-25 20:11:46
So this is called a blockchain fork, and as you dutifully pointed out, when it happens (on a large enough scale) the blockchain splits into two and operate autonomously. This is bad. This has actually happened [recently]( 
The network reacted quickly and the situation was remedied as you can read about in the link. If the network was attacked by a malicious entity with enough hashing power they could also create a fork and diverge the network. 
Do note that at any given time, the blockchain is constantly forking, as miners compete for the next block. To give you an idea, in any given 10,000 block interval there are ~169 forks; in these cases the miners who solved those were simply outcompeted by another miner. The blocks they found are orphaned and the network moves on.
But as for your confidential question, the answer is not really. Everyone can see the source code, and you can keep up with development efforts [here](
You can even help with testing or join in on discussions if you have something valuable to add. There is also the bitcoin-development mailing list on sourceforge. The only thing that core devs can do that we can't is push commits (updates) to the official github repo. They also have access to official release channels for updating client software. Hope that answers your question. 
edit: He changes the block size by editing the source code. In [this]( file just change the MAX_BLOCK_SIZE variable, easy as that. 
@_date: 2013-12-24 03:37:45
You can prune everything but UTXO's yes. I didn't mean to imply doomsday, just saying that scale is a problem we will buck up against one day...
@_date: 2013-11-01 21:34:16
Interesting how they mention two entirely fixable problems, but fail to mention the major existential threat to Bitcoin: scalability.
@_date: 2013-07-08 14:16:03
Perhaps it is raining where you live today... so it must be raining everywhere right? I hope your locale continues to reflect the going-on of our entire planet, it will be so much easier for me to keep up with what's going on in the world.
Anyway thanks for the insight. This is the wrong subreddit for this discussion, take it somewhere else bud.
@_date: 2013-10-07 01:55:07
...nothing against you bud, just stating my opinion of the article :)
@_date: 2013-08-06 19:24:35
20% of the current difficulty isn't that much hashing power (in relation to the amount of hashing power that will be required to increase difficulty 20% in say, one years time). Point being, BFL is shipping, block eruprtors are proliferating, batch 3 avalons etc... that just about equals 20% of the hashing power. 
edit: then you have guys like this, flying under the radar: 
@_date: 2013-08-22 23:49:02
no no! i so much prefer the delightful amir taaki: 
edit:that joke comes with love and respect, amir is doing a lot for us coiners
@_date: 2013-07-23 05:24:20
Hmm... I'd be wary. Why would someone use 'real' money on an untested payment service? The premise alone is sketchy.
I may be totally wrong as I have never heard of nor seen this service and details on the site are scant at best. Use your own judgment. 
@_date: 2013-06-15 18:01:53
Hey thanks for the reply 101111. 
For me the saving grace is that they are partnered with a listed explorer who has experience in the field. Your point stands regardless.
I still have a ton of research to do on these guys before I spend my money but thank you for the reality check :)
@_date: 2013-11-01 16:34:31
I think that was a clerical error. They do plan to be entirely [open source](
@_date: 2013-09-27 23:58:16
Good point.
@_date: 2013-11-04 19:54:24
Confirmed just now. 
@_date: 2013-09-08 00:14:55
My pleasure buddy. Cheers.
@_date: 2013-12-10 04:38:39
@_date: 2013-07-14 05:02:20
Yea those packages might be a pain in the butt to install, I was thinking that myself. I guess we will have to wait for OP.
@_date: 2013-09-14 01:16:36
Cool. Hopefully they learned from their mistakes.
@_date: 2013-08-13 19:07:15
Correct. There is a ~~huge~~ vulnerability in the Bitcoin network here.
Hypothetical: A malicious entity who has access to chip manufacturing facilities wants to damage the reputation of the Bitcoin network. They print 300 wafers of plane-jane ASICs. 
They add (for conversation's sake) 1000TH to a preexisting pool of 1000TH. They let the difficulty increase, then immediately shut off all the machines. It would now take ~~days, if not weeks for txs to confirm~~ twice as long to confirm. They could turn them back online right before the next difficulty check to continue this process. 
@_date: 2013-07-10 20:23:56
This has nothing to do with self importance and everything to do with building out the Bitcoin ecosystem. The more the merrier. If you don't like hearing about institutions/business/whatever accepting Bitocin go to another subreddit. You only want to hear about big businesses accepting Bitcoin (lol)? Move on to the next thread, just don't be a dick about it.
But don't let me stand in the way, keep projecting your own self importance on the world by degrading others under the guise of some half-assed misinterpretation of the Bitcoin Foundation's mission. You are Mr. Wright, after all.
@_date: 2013-06-27 03:00:03
I see what you mean, it will be a challenge making that a reality. There would have to be a very tight squeeze on Bitcoin in general (AKA no exchanges can be opened) to usher in that mentality on a wider basis. In the grand scheme I agree.
I'm close with Marco from BTC Global and few other compliance lawyers and honestly licensing is really the pathway to avoid a lot of the draconian bullshit so that may end up paving the way for the opposite of what you were hoping for (for better or for worse). Companies do it with WU, MG and other MSB/MTB licenses all the time. Time will tell I guess.
@_date: 2013-09-13 17:11:51
You forgot a few little facts:
* Ripple introduces huge amounts of trust to a 'trustless' system.
* Gateways = point if failure. 
* Run by a corporation = point of failure.
* The epitome of premined.
* Invested in by Google and Paypal, privacy anyone?
It's not animosity, it's rightful skepticism. IMO 'trustless' systems like BitShares will eventually supersede Ripple and any other corporate backed payment networks. You'd be silly to think otherwise.
@_date: 2013-09-20 03:14:37


So you can open an exchange in Singapore without a license? Cool!
@_date: 2013-12-10 09:28:40
They got in big trouble in the credit union world after they processed Bitfloor's withdrawals. They processes ~$5MM in deposits with only $3.5MM in assets in collateral. That's a BIG no no. That's when they got a call from the "people upstairs" and were told they couldn't be servicing businesses, especially Bitcoin ones. That's when they cutoff Tradehill.
@_date: 2013-08-29 02:04:47


Yea, supposedly he is working on a refund form so we will see how it plays out. Too early to discern what level of shenanigans is going on here.
@_date: 2013-09-19 18:27:59
LD never explicitly passed their tender off as US currency. The prosecution claimed people might mistake them for real money, and they were prosecuted as such.
But as to the question the audience member question asked, it brings up an important question. Creating 'alternative' currencies is not illegal; companies can create 'private' currencies, as you dutifully pointed out - so long as they don't look like real money. Bitcoin, however, does not fall into any preexisting categories of money. There is no issuer and there is no central authority which maintains the ledger. 
If legislation was written, a new class of monies would have to be created to capture the spirit of Bitcoin. There is currently no legislation that deems Satoshi's behavior or his technology illegal.
@_date: 2013-08-12 20:57:08
Well that's the million dollar question.
Hypothetical scenario: some governmental body wants to change the protocol. They go 'cartelian' and force the core devs to change the source code. In a perfect world no one would update, and the uncompromised core devs would go underground. The chain would fork and people would choose which side they wanted to be on.
edit:What are they trying to accomplish? Well in most cases regulators are blind to their own actions and genuinely believe they are servicing their constituents by applying draconian compliance to money market businesses. They believe they are protecting people from fraud and stopping all the bad guys. Whether or not that is true is up for debate. Personally, I think it only stifles innovation. 
@_date: 2013-11-26 09:02:11
Oh, you're serious.
@_date: 2013-08-16 15:53:37
The IPO won't move much until a trusted Bitcoin community members audits the financials. This is in the works right now. 
@_date: 2013-10-04 18:02:03
But it seems you have changed tunes. I was under the impression in the past you would be sharing your licenses. Now it appears you have to have your own licenses to work with you? 
@_date: 2013-10-07 17:14:55
It's an online wallet service, not a desktop wallet.
@_date: 2013-08-17 18:13:19
The burden of proof is on you here to explain why your method would be better than the authors. You said what not why.
@_date: 2013-11-17 12:29:40
I am concerned the Chinese are not keeping up with the core development news going on here in the States. Or maybe they really just don't give a fuck....
Either way power to 'em.
@_date: 2013-10-02 15:58:42
There will definitely be sellers dumping coins, I don't know how much it will hurt the price at this point though.
I was referring to who he will roll on and what info the FBI will be able to glean about users and vendors from the servers (perhaps they did a freedom-hosting esque exploit before they shut it down to get some IPs). We may seem some heads rolling in the next few days.
edit:well, the price has shifted considerably. I would say this is not from SR users directly, just general naivete/amateurishness of the Bitcoin speculator/investment pool atm. Panic selling in response to the news. Time to get some cheap coins.
doubleedit: the price has corrected.
@_date: 2013-07-19 04:33:50
This. I attend Satoshi Square religiously, and completing a transaction is as quick as the network's confirmation rate. Most transactions happen via mobile phone wallets. The odd person has a computer with them. 


What? It feels like a grassroots movement of people excited about this fresh new technology and want to share the space with other people. It's exciting and inviting. No shady, money grubbers that I have noticed. This article sucks.


Are you serious? What about the people curious about Bitcoin, just walking by and happen to hear a conversation? What about the attendees loved ones, who come to support the cause because they think it's cool? What about combinations of the aforementioned 'types' of people? The list goes on. I didn't speak to this reporter because I wasn't paying attention. Now I'm glad I didn't.
@_date: 2013-10-05 03:53:44
For fuck's sake California...
@_date: 2013-09-13 03:06:58
Hmm they definitely running low with that much on ice, but I'm not convinced by your theory. [TGB]( did an article about their insolvency but pulled it because it was all theoretical (now it's even worse then they had hoped, but in the green no less).
The more I read this the more disgusted I am with Peter's behavior. Gox is claiming outright fraud and now claiming that they "mistakenly" got into this contract with Coinlab (making me think that he took them for a joy ride):




Defendants allege that Defendants were induced to enter into the Agreement by virtue of mistake.
I tend to side with Gox on this because the facts are there. Coinlab is registered for shit, and I can totally see Peter pulling a fast one and making a big scene to prove his point. If any of this is true Peter will have shamed himself, the Bitcoin Foundation and the Bitcoin community at large. 
edit:toned it down
@_date: 2013-10-01 18:19:41
What a close minded thing to say. Such a statement cuts off Bitcoin adoption at the knees, as most people will never be able to do that without some help.
Which is why people make applications like Hive in the first place... they make the Bitcoin experience more hands-off and thus more accessible. 
@_date: 2013-08-06 15:42:34
We usually go out to eat/get drinks after. If you can get there by 715 or so you can find us. 
@_date: 2013-08-24 03:19:28
From the announcement:








edited for clarity
@_date: 2013-08-29 17:26:42
Uh oh, that doesn't sound good. I'm going to call them up and see what they say.
edit:waiting for a callback from jordan
@_date: 2013-10-06 15:12:35
You're right, that is a problem. As it stands, most transactions in the Bitcoin network can manage the short lag time in tx confirmation. However, in point-of-sale scenarios, Bitcoin has quite a bit of trouble. The issue will only get worse as Bitcoin scales.
For the point-of-sale and scaling issues, Bitcoin will thrive when combined with solutions like Ripple and/or any other trust-based payment networks that come to be. Most of these solutions will have things like federated servers, gateways, etc... to facilitate the instant movement of Bitcoins between parties while unburdening the network.
@_date: 2013-08-23 02:11:36
Can you post the actual source document, not a reproduction of it?
with names redacted, of course
@_date: 2013-08-12 19:37:42
To be honest, one of the reasons this is at the forefront of New York's agenda is because of the mounds of money being poured into NYC-based Bitcoin businesses. These VCs have deep pockets, connections, and want answers so they can sure up their investments.
That's a hypothesis, no proof but I think it's a good guess.
@_date: 2013-10-15 02:19:36
@_date: 2013-10-07 22:05:28
yea. 6th ave between 42nd and 43rd 
@_date: 2013-12-23 23:38:18
No... protecting the network does require massive resources based on the design of the network. For processing transactions, you are right.
@_date: 2013-08-14 05:40:12
Here is the letter, for anyone interested: 
@_date: 2013-09-19 06:15:42
Bummer. I wonder how they were alerted to you guys.
@_date: 2013-09-26 18:54:19
btcquick.com uses them. I don't think Google says anything about digital currencies or Bitcoin in their TOS.
@_date: 2013-09-16 18:19:24
Haha yep, it's RC Hall. He's the man. It was posted awhile ago idk where it is now.
@_date: 2013-10-20 18:45:22
Thanks. When I try and change my password I get an "internal exception."
@_date: 2013-06-28 21:01:43
They are looking to implement BTC into their backend. They need some help... 
@_date: 2013-10-08 16:39:17
Nice job, looks great! I'm curious, do you need a gambling license?
Very excited about this:


Tried signing up for your mailing list, got an error:


@_date: 2013-10-15 19:08:58
When you are building a signature, one of the values (DSA nonce) that goes into it is determined by a PRNG (pseudorandom number generator). If your PRNG is weak--as was the case with the Android wallet earlier this year--one could use those vulnerabilities (see: colliding values) to reveal the private key used to generate the signature.
Deterministically, the process is slightly different. Key pair generation does require some randomness, so it is created in a 'safe' way by using a hash of the message that is to be signed (the tx) and the private key. That is:


It gets pretty technical pretty quick but it is just a different kind of random. You know the inputs, so you must also know the output. This will allow you to avoid weaknesses in PRNGs.
[1] 
@_date: 2013-08-18 21:15:26
What about VAT taxes? The translations of the articles aren't very clear. 
@_date: 2013-09-08 03:38:32


You've got to be kidding. I can guarantee you this will scare away more customers than it will attract. I have a few issues with this.
First of all the price of these machines will be higher with biometric capabilities, and you could certainly lower them by removing such a [useless] feature (read on). Second of all, if you want to do KYC/AML there are plenty of other ways to do it without invading my cornea or storing my fingerprint. Your friend with 15 years doing ATMs should know that. Scanning an ID and storing the time stamp so you can access the CCTV records in the ATM at a later date would suffice. 
Also some of us are going to need more than your first names and an otherwise unprovable resume before we start dishing out funds.
double edit: the 'permits' you speak of are MSB licensing which require an expensive surety bond, that given your other development costs far exceed the 40K you are asking for. you guys need to start answering some questions. imo this is beginning to feel like a scam.
triple edit: In this [bitcointalk]( thread they claim 36% annual interest. this is officially a scam or some self deluded nonsense. 
@_date: 2013-09-08 20:24:07


No, it doesn't. You could buy a million block eruptors but if they aren't proportional to the rest of the hashing power it doesn't have a network effect. Period.


Indoctrinated? I'm just speaking practically. You really think the government wouldn't do such a thing if given the right motivations? Given what has happened these past few months to think otherwise is just naivete. 
Not to mention everyone in this subreddit throws the word statist and indoctrination around but they really don't grasp the concept in the context of Bitcoin. But whatever, you plainly ignored my argument and went for a personal attack. I'll leave it at that, thanks for nothing.
@_date: 2013-06-11 00:53:08
Okay, so you think Dion's regulatory guidelines would disenfranchise the US Bitcoin exchanges in light of exchanges operating in less regulatory compliant nations? That makes sense, but that most likely is not a major concern for the US government. 
They might enforce a US-based exchange requirement for its citizens in conjunction with international bullying to attack any exchanges that served US citizens without complying to its regulatory guidelines. What goes on in EU and other places is not their (regulatory) problem unless its serving US citizens. No? 
@_date: 2013-08-06 15:50:25
They responded to my email, they are looking into it. 
@_date: 2013-07-07 13:33:17
Whoops! Thanks mate. 
I was moving quick just saw the same first word in the title :S
@_date: 2013-10-02 19:13:01
yea, there were many many mistakes
@_date: 2013-07-12 06:27:47
It will be interesting to see how quickly they change urls
@_date: 2013-12-08 19:26:01
20GB won't last you too much longer with the blockchain growing a gb a month....
@_date: 2013-11-17 13:13:24
I wasn't referring to CoInvalidation, see my other post. In fact I think that will be a US-specific thing and will not catch on in most other countries.
@_date: 2013-08-25 04:55:46
Gavin Andresen is one of Bitcoin's 'core developers'. He doesn't make decision unanimously, there are a number of other maintainers/core devs he must consult with first. 
Not to mention if the Bitcoin community doesn't agree with the changes they don't have to upgrade their software. 
@_date: 2013-10-03 00:02:41
Yea for sure!
@_date: 2013-12-10 04:12:56
That's troubling. I know it's easy to spoof phone numbers as a sender, I don't know about the other way around. I know blockchain.info has had issues with their 2FA implementations in the [past]( I wonder if we are about to see a lot more of these hacks with their txt 2FA. Or perhaps it is a sophisticated attacker who does not want to show his hand. Let's get this to the top and get a response from Blockchain.info asap.
Honestly their security theater is getting ridiculous. No one should be storing anything in this joke of a "client side" wallet.
edit:ya word, downvote me with no explanation. It's almost like [history]( is not on my [side](
@_date: 2013-07-09 08:24:18
No surprises here. It says it in their TOS (pdf): 
@_date: 2013-08-29 01:38:47
Later in the thread he says: 


Perhaps if bitcointalk had better feng shui we wouldn't be having this conversation right now. :rolleyes:
@_date: 2013-07-03 19:44:18


Perhaps you are not privvy to the contents of the paper, or regulatory compliance in general. If you aren't going to read the paper it's best not to comment. 
What this paper attempts to do is define Bitcoin from a legal perspective, an activity that will be done regardless of the reach said entities actually have in regards to the goings-on inside the Bitcoin ecosystem. There is nothing inherently wrong with that. In fact, defining any new technology as such can be useful for garnering insight into the impact said tech will have on our most basic understanding of currency and its place in our lives both philosophically and practically (economically). 


This is just wrong. The health of the Bitcoin ecosystem rests very much on the shoulders of those who define its legal status. Deeming Bitcoin illegal would have a detrimental effect on the rate of adoption, guaranteed. 
From a technical perspective, it would be relatively trivial for the NSA to filter then spoof, MITM, and/or dead all Blockchain network calls coming in and out of a particular region, effectively blocking them off from the rest of the network. So it's in our best interest to keep Bitcoin in a positive light with regulators. 
@_date: 2013-06-05 03:25:03
A deviant employee, MAYBE. But as cooperative entity doubtful. You'd need some serious evidence to even begin making an accusation like that. 
@_date: 2013-09-17 14:21:36
Yea, this is why I love things like bugcrowd and the like. Lets you distribute that security knowledge. 
@_date: 2013-08-05 17:57:33
Just as an aside, these articles indicate that NSA's dragnet surveillence and technical capabilities are available for non-terrorist use: 
@_date: 2013-07-31 14:43:33
Wow, I'll post it.
@_date: 2013-06-27 13:42:46
I didn't say anything about needing an exit node to access the hidden service. I was saying if they control lots of exit, relay, and guard nodes, they could deanonymize the traffic. Mind you, the IEEE paper I linked to is about uncovering HS server locations, similar tactics could be used to deanonymize end users.
@_date: 2013-12-23 18:00:00


It's also to protect the network.
@_date: 2013-08-27 19:07:28
Cointerra is about to shake the ground so hard preexisting ASIC companies won't know what hit them.
The infographics in the beginning were pretty sweet as well.
@_date: 2013-08-28 06:43:57
It'd be nice if you gave some context. For those who don't know CoinJoin is a clever method to increase privacy/anonymity in the Bitcoin network without making any changes to the source code:




Almost like a mixing service, but on the tx level.
@_date: 2013-08-16 17:58:35
Of course they are 'for example' and 'in theory', the future hasn't happened yet.


Now THAT is a huge assumption. Okay though, let's take your 'in theory' against ours--for arguments sake, I will change my example from 20 mining operations to 500 to make the example more palatable. The same rules still apply though: you're imaginary people mining at 0 profit would still need proportionally sized operations (or pools) to the 'fortune 500' to make any discernible difference in network performance or to protect the network from attacks. And that's all that really matters.
Sticking your eruptor in a computer in said future will be doing as little for profit as it is for the network's health. 
@_date: 2013-07-10 21:25:48
Yes, thanks for bringing that up. That was the point of my last statement: these 'paradoxes' can be solved with a restructuring of the 'lens' through which we look at Bitcoin.
Well said on your part.
edit: as for the store of value bit: it's not that it can't be a store of value, it's that it should be both a means to store and transact. Hoarding does not lend to that.
@_date: 2013-06-09 16:20:58
Your are right... he did not equate them as the SAME thing, but instead SIMILAR things which can function interoperably. That's what I was attempted to communicate with this line: "In other words, both memory and money can facilitate exchange, a quality which provides an analytical platform for equilibrium."
Thanks for clarifying that point, though.
@_date: 2013-08-26 19:36:05
Abby Martin is my favorite RT reporter; she knows what she knows and doesn't fuck around.
...plus she's beautiful. 
@_date: 2013-09-04 04:13:34
Sigh. This conversation is over.
@_date: 2013-11-26 07:09:46


brb gotta go grab my $50MM
@_date: 2013-09-27 06:27:48
The price will be just fine man. The Bitcoin network will grow resilient to a few whales selling their coins as it matures. 
But of course this method is far inferior to you, you're in r/Bitcoin!! Not everyone knows how to use a smartphone let alone Bitcoin. Time invested in learning those things can be &gt; the fees! 
@_date: 2013-09-12 23:28:30
I'm most disappointed with Peter in this whole fiasco. How unprofessional to raise a suit if you don't even have the fucking licenses to operate in the US (assuming mtgox's claim is true RE the contractual agreement). Peter is not my favorite Bitcoin charachter tbch. I've had friends who have have contradictory interactions with him RE Alydian, among other things. Shame on you Peter.
gox can't catch a break: 


That's &gt;10mil on ice.
edit:no lol, not funny
double edit for clarity: 


@_date: 2013-08-04 17:31:42
Yea, that doesn't surprise me. There are captcha-esque tests that don't require JS, perhaps site owners should consider moving to those. Unfortunately not everyone has the time, desire, or skill level to check what JS is loading on a page, so it is a huge source for vulnerability. And you are correct, other vulns are out there. No system is perfect.
This is definitely not the end game either, not sure how you deduced otherwise from my post. 
@_date: 2013-07-10 22:23:04
lol word, thanks for explaining. no hard feelings, sorry if i was a dick
@_date: 2013-06-11 18:20:11
Conceptually I think you are on to something, although I think this point specifically would not work in practice:


Programs that impact larger numbers of people would [obviously] receive more funding, yet those programs that reach a fewer number of people (but are equally as important) might become disenfranchised. It's difficult to find a balance and I'm not sure I have a better solution, but that doesn't mean one doesn't exist. I'm just not sure this would be the best way to go about it.
'Hyper-democratization" is just that... excessively democratic. A scenario that often limits the minority voice.
@_date: 2013-09-16 18:17:31
I don't fully understand what that statement means. Like a color coin esque thing? Or sending Bitcoins over the SWIFT network (sense that makes none of it).
@_date: 2013-11-04 04:29:40
Conceptually, I think [Confidence Chains]( might help with this problem:


@_date: 2013-08-04 17:28:34
Read through this: 
edit: well, i was downvoted. I don't usually do this, but if you aren't technically literate and want to understand what is going on in that paper, you can read a summary I wrote: 
@_date: 2013-08-27 02:48:57
They had a promotion where they gave you $20 free for signing up. I have to find a source it's hard to wade through all the shit you find on google when you search anything related to paypal nowadays.
edit: it looks like it was $10 in 99', although i could swear they did another after that. 
@_date: 2013-10-02 23:28:21
The party hasn't even started yet. Give it some time. Plus  I only said major dealers, not all dealers. 
@_date: 2013-09-17 07:41:25
So this is an implementation of OT? [Banks]( = federated servers? with a built in multi signature and p2sh escrow system?
You must always have fund in escrow &gt;= sum you are transferring. This can be burdensome, but I understand the logic. It breaks down quickly, as you mention:


And so on and so forth.... 
@_date: 2013-07-23 05:34:36
This sheds some light on the question at hand: 
@_date: 2013-10-02 16:10:09
26K BTC? Probably not too much.
@_date: 2013-12-20 21:57:07
Someone doesn't understand how Bitcoin works. 
Target is not a wallet service, they would see nothing more than their custie's addresses. From those they would only have access to public keys. That's it. 
@_date: 2013-08-17 16:51:47
Thanks for the info. Please do report your findings.
@_date: 2013-09-05 02:58:42
IMO I'd change the title. Something like... BitCashier: Simple OS Merchant Payment Processing w/o a 3rd Party
@_date: 2013-08-08 18:51:12
You make some good points, I won't deny that. But again, there are so many operations we have no idea about it's not only unfair to assume it is one of the companies we know about, but also a bit bias. Another example of an operation that only recently popped up: alydian.co
Whether or not it is BFL is up for debate, and unless we find hard proof it will be hard to tell. I'm not discounting your points because if anyone dislikes BFL it is me. I just got my refund for 6500 bucks; I think Josh is entirely unprofessional and the whole operation smells funny. If they are mining with our rigs, I hope they get found out and shunned from the community forever. 
@_date: 2013-08-19 16:04:42
I know, point still stands mate. Nothing there is particularly 'unique'.
@_date: 2013-07-13 21:10:40
Now I'm confused. In the OP you said:


Now you say: 


So which is it? Coins that are dormant or coins that are being traded?
@_date: 2013-11-26 06:59:43


@_date: 2013-11-06 23:08:27
@_date: 2013-08-22 19:55:42
It was $8 million, and it was on  IRC












































@_date: 2013-09-18 04:49:49
I understand. If you pay an employee, let's say, 100K/year but they find an exploit that could net them millions, will they do it? So yes there will always be an element of trust.
It appears as if bugcrowd has gathered together a group of whitehat hackers who aren't in it to steal your money; but you really never know. Some incentive is better than none, even if the bounty doesn't suit the exploit. Or perhaps you raise the bounty. What's the exploit really worth to you? That's the real question.
edit: on second thought, you could build out a white label version of your site, not easily identifiable and then submit that for testing. wouldn't be too hard
@_date: 2013-07-26 04:45:59
You took the quote out of context and framed it incorrectly, the same behavior that has us having this discussion. Not to mention it was a diversion not a response to the critique.
Again, I was referring to the precident set by this case, not of ones past. It's not as you said it originally and I have already said why... we are going in circles. 
And yes, I understand the weight carried by court rulings so please, spare the passive agressive underhanded tone it has no weight in this discussion.
@_date: 2013-10-12 20:17:18
@_date: 2013-10-09 00:50:31
Yea for real! Fuck BF for not putting their ass (and their customers) on the line so you can use their [illegal in the US] service! 
@_date: 2013-09-19 06:20:18
In what context? Regional? Bitcoin has no borders. PayPal is limited to certain countries. Or did you want more?
@_date: 2013-07-28 16:12:32
Make sure you post it in r/bitcoin, idk how much traffic that subreddit gets. And here as you know: 
@_date: 2013-08-12 04:04:18
There are cases where third party servers can be involved in a transaction in a compartmentalized manner so they do not have to be implicitly trusted by payer and payee. Open Transactions is a payment protocol that offers this functionality via triple entry bookkeeping. 
@_date: 2013-10-04 15:40:19


I figured as much, didn't bother reading the article.


Yea, I like to call this distributed centralization which I don't think is inherently bad. Like you said, it might be Ripple, might be OT, might be xyz we don't know yet. Time will tell the tale. Although I must say the very nature of Bitcoin's design (the things that can't be changed, not the things that can) make it such that tweaks to the protocol here and there won't diffuse scalability issues in the long term. 
@_date: 2013-08-12 20:48:49
Bloomberg is the mayor of NYC. The subpoenas were issued by the New York State Department of Financial Services: 
They operate above him. He may speak out against some thing they are regulating (or not) but that's where the buck stops. His hands don't touch compliance law (unless of course he has some backroom influence that we don't know about).
Regardless he hasn't voiced opinions on virtual currencies as far as I can tell. Hopefully it stays that way for now.
@_date: 2013-10-12 17:53:56
I said that so you could see the substance of the argument. I stand by the original statement, it's just wasn't worth arguing that point with you because you have no inside knowledge of Coinbase so anything you say about them is speculation.
But this will be the last time I respond (for real this time, lol). Like I said the first time, thanks for nothing. But keep downvoting me, it will prove your point!
@_date: 2013-11-14 09:09:42


Yes! Other forms of protests are also possible (DoS their nodes, etc... although I am not directly advocating that. Reddit is always a thought experiment).
@_date: 2013-09-03 21:22:47
After all that, THIS is your argument? That Ripple will survive because it is AML compliant? You understand less than I had hoped. Plus you're starting to sound like a shill.
There will be many platforms which do the same thing in a decentralized manner that work with all currencies that won't require the survival of a single entity to maintain the network and back their premined currency, all with open source code. Ripple will at best be just another kid in the sand box. At worst it will crash and burn.
wtf with the video btw
@_date: 2013-12-03 09:00:02
The money hasn't been spent, it is allotted in +-~750btc bunches to various custodians who are keeping it safe. They are available for whenever someone in power decides to put them to use.
@_date: 2013-10-28 20:07:01
We are going to be competitors, so I won't do that as it would be an overstep.
@_date: 2013-08-22 22:20:05


Lie is a big word. The Wells Fargo and Dwolla accounts were opened long before FinCEN had released any guidance on Bitcoin. Thus when the account opened, no one was lying or misrepresenting the situation--the circumstances were simply different. They didn't need to be registered.  
Now, one might argue that they had ample time to fix the mistake after the guidance, and to an extent they would be right. At this point it is generally accepted that mtgox was negligent, and was so busy focusing on their dying platform that they just simply forgot to change the designations on the accounts. I'm not here to take sides either which way, just want to balance out the facts a bit.
@_date: 2013-10-12 06:33:08
Of course they are making a profit, they deserve it as well. Would you expect the product free? 
Or perhaps instead they should give it to you for free while breaking state and federal law to fit your view worldview! Get real man.
@_date: 2013-10-02 17:16:39
Are you aware of the Freedom Hosting [situation](
If the FBI used an exploit like that everyone who had javascript enabled will have been compromised.
@_date: 2013-09-19 04:28:59
Given the manner in which PayPal has situated itself in the payment space this is a slightly ironic quote no doubt.
Regardless, when perusing the [history]( of PayPal I really do admire the aspirations, but those dreams clearly hit a glass ceiling. Any centralized effort as such is shackled to the state to an extent, and there is only so far you can reach when there are millions of people living in sanctioned regions that PayPal could never touch with a 10 foot pole.
and that's just the tip of the iceberg really...
@_date: 2013-06-11 16:10:48


I'd argue that you are a minority in that respect. Perhaps the current state of the bitcoin community would put you in the majority, but for most people that is not the case.
And for the record slow =/= stifled, but I understand and respect your perspective. Thanks for sharing.
@_date: 2013-11-01 22:58:52
Wow, that's super cool. Came out of left field! 
@_date: 2013-08-12 15:52:24
It's totally doable. IME the hardest part is finding a bank. 
@_date: 2013-08-26 16:41:23
Tradehill used to use Liberty Reserve. What do you think about them?
Just because a service used LR doesn't mean they are shady. There were some legit uses for LR, despite what the media tells you. Don't believe everything you read.
@_date: 2013-11-10 19:13:20
That's awesome. I'm pretty involved in the manhattan satoshi square, a brooklyn branch would be cool! 
edit:if you did it on a different day, I'd come. Did you have a particular day in mind?
@_date: 2013-08-29 17:30:11
CFIG is cool and all, but there are some nuances to their business model that will not allow for many types of Bitcoin businesses to use their platform.
The way it stands now if you are going to use a service that operates under CFIG umbrella, your customers will have to have a bank account with their bank. Not very flexible if you ask me.
@_date: 2013-08-06 16:19:19
float the idea I'm sure they would be game. they disable comments sometimes so its a pita to get in contact
@_date: 2013-08-13 01:24:14
Ah yea, you're right lots of cronies in nyc.
@_date: 2013-09-19 19:24:15
Would this exchange service US customers? If so they would still be required to fulfill AML/KYC requirements.
@_date: 2013-08-13 22:16:41


Am I? Your logic sounds right but for some reason I am under the impression that difficulty increases are logarithmic and not proportional to confirmation speed in the manner you mention. Let me go look, you may be right. 
@_date: 2013-12-23 07:03:27


Such bravado.... haven't these people learned from DPRs mistakes? Doubtful he would know if it was compromised anyway...
edit: reddit ~~alludes~~ eludes me. please explain the downvote... 
@_date: 2013-09-13 03:22:43
Oh my, it gets worse:






then they sued. Peter, I'm speechless.
@_date: 2013-09-06 23:44:07
I get what you're saying. A part of me wants to agree but the other half of me says no. I have no doubt we could go on all night about this, thanks for the insights.
@_date: 2013-10-04 16:42:15
They will use the funds in future investigations/honeypot operations most likely. 
edit: on second thought that wouldn't work out. with cash it would, but now we can watch the coins forever. this could get interesting. 
@_date: 2013-06-28 18:34:52


This is not true; we are still in the innovator (see:  phase. Many of the innovative aspects of the Bitcoin protocol haven't even been implemented in clients yet. Ease of use is still a huge barrier to entry.
I get where this article is coming from because incentives always help adoption, but right now getting your dollars into Bitcoin (for unlearned folk) will most likely counteract the time and cost savings of any group buy. 
By all means Coinforest keep up the good work; your mission will certainly help the community grow but it definitely won't be a centerpiece just yet.
@_date: 2013-09-26 17:20:38
According to [them](


Note, they have had one more successful chargeback since that was written.
@_date: 2013-10-30 07:00:12
Show Notes:
Intros @ 14:41 
Core Dev Announcements @ 24:55
Tools Announcements @ 1:00:26
Discussion @ 1:19:40
Presentations @ 1:36:13
Core Dev:
* [Core Development Update 5](
* ["Reject" transaction error message proposal](
* [Compact Fraud Proofs](
* [Pay to contract with forgeability / chameleon hash](
* [Spying nodes?](
* [Confidence Chains](
* [Merged Mining vs. Side Chains](
* [BIP 70-72 for Onion URLs](
* [Blockchain.info CoinJoin implementation weaknesses](
* [Bitcoinj 0.10.2](
* [Google Glass Bitcoin App](
* [bitcoind for ARM / Cubieboard / Raspberry Pi](
* [pybitcointools](
* [Bitcoin SCI (PHP transaction tx processor) vulnerability](
[Raw Tx Tool: CoinControl](
* [Python Transaction Monitor](
* [Bit2Factor](
* [Goshakk, Contracts](
* [BitEscrow](
* [Phone.com]( - not bitcoin related
* [Cyrpto-Currency Analytics Company](
Dinner Discussion:
* [Fidelity Bonds](
* [Change addresses](
* [What happens when a new wallet is created, and how addresses correlate to private keys](
If I missed anything ask, I'll add the link.
@_date: 2013-09-15 04:25:02
Okay, that is interesting. Did you keep the yubi in the computer when not there? Was it on when the funds were stolen?
edit:nm, i see you were using two differnt types of 2fa. thats never a good idea.
double edit: reviewing the info you need to see what gox says about the withdrawl and the yubikey codes that were used. this could be bad
triple edit: you had an api key as well. it wasn't for withdrawal but who knows how well implemented the api is (aka, not good).
@_date: 2013-08-28 19:54:18
They are still getting smacked around by SEA, I can't connect. Could you post the text?
@_date: 2013-09-29 18:16:07
Moving [forward]( (number 2 on Gavin's list) the default number of node connections will be raised significantly. This will lower the efficacy of both double spending attacks and the type of attack you mentioned because the original tx will propagate faster than a hacker can rebroadcast their own tx and shield nodes from seeing the original tx.
@_date: 2013-08-03 20:50:49
This. Bitcoin should be agnostic on all fronts. If a specific group wishes to adopt Bitcoin, by all means allow them to promote it; however, r/Bitcoin would be doing a disservice to the protocol if it supported a particular philosophical ideal. 
@_date: 2013-09-14 01:57:11
I don't mean to discount it, hope I didn't come off as such. I was just pointing out issues I have with it; I have issues with Bitcoin as well but I still use it :)
And to that point I don't think premining was 'detrimental' per se, it is just more a reflection of the methodology and the philosophy/ethics of the company behind the software. In reality the whole hand em out for free, sell em to family friends for cheap etc... for limited times is usually not a professional way to go about doing things if you want a product to be viable for years and years. It is early adopter favoritism. 
edit: oh and FWIW OT swaps gateways with federated servers, not sure it would fit the criteria i was going for.
@_date: 2013-10-03 01:14:27
If they hosted an exploit on the server before taking it down they could compromise vendors locations. 
@_date: 2013-10-16 05:54:30
Read the whole thing, worth the buildup: 
edit:fixed link
@_date: 2013-09-30 17:37:59
Okay, well here is one option, may not be preferred and it may not work. You could go to the LexisNexis personal search and look up your details (there is a fee):  See what address is on file for you.
So the only error you get is it could not verify your identity at this time? Nothing more specific?
@_date: 2013-09-09 04:47:58
ah yes, thnks.
@_date: 2013-10-19 06:15:04
You're actually right. They quoted a whopping 93 transactions in Bitcoin since they opened up the payment method. That was like a month ago, can't find the link.
@_date: 2013-08-04 23:45:14
The burden of proof is on you to make a claim like that. Considering the relatively low volume on exchanges compared to the number of Bitcoins in circulation, what you say doesn't really make sense.
@_date: 2013-09-03 19:57:58
Again, I do recommend you read into [BitShares]( it solves all the problems you mention :)
@_date: 2013-12-11 02:22:59
I think what he meant is that past performance is not _proof_ of future success.
@_date: 2013-08-23 19:46:59
So what are you proposing we [not] do exactly? Not fill out this survey? cmon man
@_date: 2013-08-12 17:52:35


At this point it has been clearly communicated to you in that it is not sufficient to the people supplying the 3 million you ask for. see:
If anyone disagrees please speak up or just buy out the shares and prove me wrong. I genuinely want CFIG to succeed, you guys are offering a vital and useful toolkit to the Bitcoin economy. 
@_date: 2013-08-17 04:04:05
Yea, given all the attention by US Senate, NYDF, and now Germany things might take off. Looks like we are headed for an upswing on trends: 
@_date: 2013-09-03 20:40:50
Bitcoin can make it, that's where you are wrong. Bitbusiness can get licenses in the US, this has been proven a few times over already so I'm not sure what argument you are trying to make here. If banks continue to be dicks and deny Bitbusinesses accounts, those companies will move elsewhere (see: Crypto Financial). Simple as that.
Are trying to say that US-based/servicing busniesses won't survive without compliance programs? Yea, of course they won't. Do you have anything valuable to add to this thread?
@_date: 2013-08-21 21:56:08
Not sure why this is a point of contention. All I'm saying is this method is not entirely anonymous nor fool proof. 
Not to mention, your mitigative technique just adds a layer of obscurity, not anonymity. Plus there are many other use cases where anonymity would be required to a higher degree (e.g. political dissidents, etc...) that cannot be provided here. 'tis all
@_date: 2013-10-02 20:13:43
Before they arrested him? Doubtful. Remember, this document was a complaint for arrest, not the full indictment etc...
@_date: 2013-08-28 19:16:42
@_date: 2013-09-20 21:29:12
Exciting stuff. With this and Cryptocambios the Argentinian Bitcoin economy has a nice foundation to build out from!
Does anyone know if there are regulations which require Bitcoin exchanges to be licensed in Argentina?
@_date: 2013-09-08 02:30:00
First point still stands (see: green addresses, etc...).
@_date: 2013-08-23 17:44:54
Yea, when we get to October/November and Cointerra/KNC/etc... start shipping things will get ugly fast.
@_date: 2013-09-07 02:55:36
It seems to be an OS project available on [github]( done by the people over at [bitcoinway]( I've never heard of gesman, the guy behind it but this is them on [bitcointalk](
It looks like it is [maintained]( at the very least. Tread with caution as always. Seems legit enough.
@_date: 2013-07-06 21:38:20
Not exactly. 


More here... 
@_date: 2013-09-27 18:16:42
All speculation. 3 days to upgrade a system is not unreasonable. Yes short notice, but that is not necessarily indicative of anything else.
@_date: 2013-08-14 16:45:09
Hmm, you might not get an answer in there. I can't find the statutes that give state MSB regulatory authority, but may I recommend: 
@_date: 2013-06-26 06:22:31
That is not how all states operate. NY, Texas, now CT, are draconian when it comes to regulation; you are classified in the high risk category--thus you have to put up huge bonds, like others have said.
With a savvy legal team you can do it for ~10 million, not the full 25. Regardless I'm pretty sure it would be an MTB license if you attempted to do fiat -&gt; bitcoin, which would not be possible because of reversible payment methods (and no, wires are not convenient for frequent use).
@_date: 2013-09-20 22:14:22
What is that smart card on your homepage? Do you have ecommerce modules for merchants? How will people get money into your service? Do you have a relationship with a bank yet? Do you use HD wallets? 
@_date: 2013-12-08 03:50:01
What man? You totally took my comment out of context. 


That is not what I said at all. His parents think he is innocent, LE thinks otherwise. Given the *possibility* that he is guilty, they decided to hold him in a cell because of his "sophistication." What I said is that his parents had some high hopes that he would be released on bail; what they didn't realize is that there was no way in hell he would be let out on bail. Naive optimism perhaps. Call it what you will.
As for the rest of your comment... what are you trying to prove exactly? 
@_date: 2013-08-29 15:26:27
There is [this]( implementation as well but it also requires a download. 
@_date: 2013-12-01 19:44:01
I don't want to sound like I am attacking the kid here, but they aren't all just "weak" chat logs. He unknowingly conspired with the FBI to set up one of the hits, so it's not like they just 'found' the logs post arrest; they were a party to the scheme and the logs just confirm that it was him. 
@_date: 2013-10-08 02:05:57
Yea, it is this bit that makes me believe that IF this is a scam, RS is in it for the long haul. Wait until there is a huuuuge pile of coins stored on the site then disappear. Make exponentially more than he could by just milking exchange fees for however long.
@_date: 2013-06-28 17:38:58
Very cool, keep us posted!
@_date: 2013-09-07 17:39:25
[This]( is the article being quoted for anyone interested.
@_date: 2013-09-23 13:11:07
Thank you.
@_date: 2013-09-17 16:17:05
heh. too early to tell really. the execution will most likely differ from the whitepaper in a few ways to make it more palatable. time will tell.
@_date: 2013-11-10 20:00:51
Mondays and Tuesdays already have meetups. Thursday is sometimes used as a Bitcoin meetup as well. Weds would be a good day probably. I'm sure I could get a few people to come out. I can mention it at the other meetups.
@_date: 2013-08-14 03:16:08
Yea let me find 50 different statues from 50 different states for you to prove a point on reddit. Don't move, I'll be just a second...
@_date: 2013-12-23 18:01:44
You don't understand how mining in the Bitcoin network works. As the network grows, less and less people will actually be mining. It will be left to the institutions as the hashing rate increases exponentially.
This will require less hardware that is more powerful but more expensive. As renewable energy increases and the hardware is designed to be recycled there will be relatively little waste output by mining operations.
@_date: 2013-09-29 18:33:07
Any guess about Bitcoin's value is arbitrary, there is no way to judge objectively. There are just too many conversations going on beyond your earshot. But given current events (Cyprus bail-in, Greece in straights), the difficulty of moving money to certain parts of the world, the loss of Liberty Reserve (to criminals), the diminishing purchasing power of the dollar, the Snowden leaks, etc... I think the price is justified between 60-100USD.
This is a speculative thread, with speculative posts.
edit:rm s
@_date: 2013-08-04 23:29:11
That doesn't mean LE can't still run honeypots on tor and bust vendors and buyers that way. Among others. There are still points of failure, even with Bitcoin and hidden services built in. That's all I'm saying.
edit: by all means, downvote me. pretend like sr is perfect. take a look here, "darknet" crew taken down: 
@_date: 2013-07-26 19:44:49
The labels don't want to be associated with Bitcoin as it stands. They think it is too nefarious; I'm not saying I agree, I am just telling you what I was told. 
@_date: 2013-07-11 22:21:47
Well, if you'd like to be sassy about it we can talk numbers. Difficulty will be &gt;1 billion by early/mid next year with current estimates. I'm on my mobile I will find the projections when I get home. So far they have been on point nearly every milestone. 
2, 4x current difficulty will happen very very soon. I'm talking much higher than that friend. 
edit: Here you go btw: 
@_date: 2013-09-30 16:12:54
It's odd they don't even mention this given the common goals.
@_date: 2013-09-13 17:59:03
Well, certainly half of all XRP would be seized if the corporation was put under legal scrutiny. How the network responded to that would depend on the circumstances of the shutdown (either they would increase in price significantly or they would go to 0).
edit: why is everyone downvoting chris? he is being reasonable.
@_date: 2013-09-20 21:26:19
Cool, I just wished people would announce their websites when they are actually ready. All the info is behind a login wall. Is there actually a private beta yet?
@_date: 2013-09-09 15:20:47
The blockchain holds the funds, it always does. No one 'ever' acts as an escrow per se when it comes to Bitcoin. The chain does. 
However, because such is the case, holding a private key is the equivalent to having control of the coins (again, even if it is just one of three). It's not about where the funds end up it's about who has control over the flow of money. Having one private key gives you a more than a modicum of control.
edit: to be clear, having [one ] private key that facilitates a transaction between two customers is the the legal pivot point where you now become a money transmitter
edit:loldownvoted? gotta love reddit. downvote the provably correct answer
@_date: 2013-08-07 15:59:40
Did you look at the other link I posted? There are plenty of fly-by-night ops that the public isn't fully aware of. Not to mention, BFL has shipped some minirigs, some singles, and 'many' jallys, so you are forgetting two entire categories of products there. 
I know Josh has a mining consortium with something like 22TH (edit:not new, of course). None of the rigs have come preconfigured (ala avalon) so we have no proof but speculation. There are too many possible sources of hashing power for someone to correlatively link it to any one company without some sort of corroborative evidence (imo).
I have even met one or two ASIC guys who haven't even announced their products but are getting test wafers from manufacturers. Plenty of testing going on as well. It's too hard to tell really. 
@_date: 2013-10-02 17:35:47
How he kept all these PMs without deleting them, stored in plaintext is beyond me. No GPG? Dude, come on.
@_date: 2013-09-02 21:05:13


What are you basing that assumption on? Past performance by poorly designed online wallet services? Just because previous attempts to secure private keys through TTPs have failed does not imply that it is impossible to create a secure solution. It just means it hasn't been done well yet.
And to think that client side wallets are somehow inherently secure is doing just a big disservice to the Bitcoin community as an insecure web wallet. All it takes is a clever XSS attack and your coins will be gone forever. Not to mention client side JS BTC address generation is only as secure as the client's computer. 
Let's not make absolutes if we don't know what we are talking about please.
@_date: 2013-08-29 02:02:05
You got a bunch of ifs and shoulda coulda wouldas in your posts so they are kind of irrelevant. I'm just going with the facts here.
edit: change in heart
@_date: 2013-10-14 17:36:17
A good use case for [CommitCoin](
@_date: 2013-10-08 01:52:15
haha i have not a single doubt in my mind
@_date: 2013-08-13 01:22:57
You're right. Hopefully licensed entities start eating these up. Pawn shops, check cashing places etc... could install these with no extra licensing necessary.
@_date: 2013-10-06 23:39:54
Had a feeling that was the case, good luck guys! 
@_date: 2013-12-10 09:18:42
Andrew is a nice dude. He gave me a call a few weeks ago asking for legit info about Bitcoin. He showed up for Satoshi Square and asked around. We showed him the ropes; pretty docile dude for a reporter. Anyway, nice to see the article turned out well.
@_date: 2013-06-26 21:56:10
Yea, you might be right. I hear so many differing opinions on the price tag--even from lawyers in the compliance arena. 
@_date: 2013-11-21 02:10:45
~~Companies should have the tools ready to DDoS phishing sites at all times, why wait for the ISPs?~~
@_date: 2013-10-24 20:32:16
Nice job John! Glad to see you got this up and running in Tokyo! It was great meeting you last week (it's Justin from bitdevs etc...).
@_date: 2013-12-09 00:07:31


Cool! Do you have any of that in a github repo or some other publicly accessible location?
@_date: 2013-07-15 16:24:05
I don't usually do this, but you caught me in a good mood.




@_date: 2013-07-12 03:31:53
@_date: 2013-07-07 18:27:13
All good questions, I do not have access to the content unfortunately.
@_date: 2013-08-28 19:11:25


Exactly. When you have clowns like Goldman with 40:1 loan to reserve ratio, you know something is very, very wrong. However if you have limits to that it can be quite beneficial to the economy. 
@_date: 2013-10-03 21:50:44
People need to get over the XRP thing for a second and see Ripple for what it is, a distributed payment network.
Bitcoin is not scalable. Color coins are not scalable. Ripple offsets some of that pressure, it can be a very powerful tool. It's not about Bitcoin v Ripple v XRP. They can operate harmoniously. 
@_date: 2013-12-03 08:30:47
I hear you. Let's see how this all plays out. Who knows... you might just be right.
@_date: 2013-07-07 22:10:47


There is absolutely no evidence of that. Any recent Bitcoin-related shutdowns have been because of scared banks or the companies failing to comply with FinCEN guidance.
@_date: 2013-06-27 23:44:28
Ah okay, thanks for spelling it out.
It seems like you guys are doing more than you need to. Why not accept the Bitcoins, hold them as Bitcoins, and only if and when the end user wants to cash out give them the fiat or Bitcoin option. Why go BTC -&gt; fiat -&gt; BTC/Fiat instead of BTC -&gt; Fiat/BTC.
Or would that require a revamp of your backend?
edit: I'm not familiar with flattr so I may not be able to understand totally. But if the provider guaranteeing payment both ways is what you want we may be a far ways from that. Too much liability unfortunately. 
double edit: this seems like a special use case so I understand the "maybes" you were gettting. Because they would just be dealing with flattr, a trusted party, you might be able to make a special arrangement. I would go back to them and push hard and ask for a definitive answer. Show how you will make sure they are not liable for any losses on your account so they won't fear being defrauded by your users (if that is what you are willing to do, but sounds like not).
@_date: 2013-10-04 22:37:54
~~horrible math is horrible~~


@_date: 2013-09-29 14:42:01
This is the biggest shill-site I have ever seen.
@_date: 2013-12-21 06:28:53


We also show how to link the output of this protocol to the Bitcoin currency. More precisely: we show a method to design secure two-party protocols for funtionalities that result in a forced financial transfer from one party the other. Our protocols build upon the ideas of our recent paper [Secure Multiparty Computations on Bitcoin]( 


@_date: 2013-09-03 21:30:45
didn't think it was you, figured it was someone else. oh well im over it, they seem to have changed their mind.
@_date: 2013-07-06 20:24:48


@_date: 2013-12-02 03:00:14


Hmmm, that's a dicey statement. Let's look at what you just said:


Imagine a scenario where you genuinely believe that the Silk Road is lessening drug crime (side note: it wasn't really, because most drug violence happens much higher up the chain; just look at Mexico). You think there is some real chance you might save countless lives if you keep the Silk Road up, and are faced with the death of one person in return for keeping that alive. What does Ross Ulbricht do? 
You cite his research and dedication to the art of morality as you have seen in his **public** writing as proof that he is not lying. I respond that people are much more complicated than you think, and just because you THINK you know someone, doesn't mean that you really know someone. His private journals, countless messages with other Silk Roaders you have never even heard of, who knows what it all really says (except the feds).
Take for example his operational security. It was piss fucking poor. And I have since read many examples of how 'tight' his security was supposed to be. So there you have it, he has a slippery relationship with the truth before you even open the gate. 
A lie is a lie is a lie, and there is no way to know where someone draws the line in the sand, as you are not them and never can be in their shoes entirely. If the DHSI/FBI/whoever really dragged him into a "state of mind" that would allow him to think it was okay to kill, and you think that absolves him entirely, well perhaps here we can agree to disagree.
I wouldn't have been suprised if he was doing quite a bit of drugs throughout this whole episode; stimulants, psychedelics, late nights, little food... they can play games with your mind especially if you have any latent mental disorders. Combined with lots of power... bad decisions are sure to be made. I'm not implying that Ross is crazy or not; I am saying he is human and susceptible to all the same things we are.
@_date: 2013-07-07 22:11:19
I know for a fact that the Federal Reserve doesn't even understand Bitcoin well, so much so that they have contacted some members of Bitcoin NYC meetup to come and teach them about it. So stop with the FUD please.
@_date: 2013-07-24 05:22:38
I keep seeing you spread this misinterpretation. This is SEC making a judgment against an individual who executed a scam using virtual currencies; not a judgment on Bitcoin itself. 
@_date: 2013-07-10 21:41:45


@_date: 2013-06-15 23:24:40
For anyone interested in a non-technical summary of this paper you can read this: 
@_date: 2013-08-13 15:30:20
Dude, you're pulling at straws here. There is authority to do it, and if you want to believe otherwise that is perfectly fine with me. I opened a door for you--do you expect me to hold your hand through it?
Come on, take some responsibility for your life and your knowledge and your research instead of displacing it on redditors trying to help. 
@_date: 2013-08-13 01:30:03
I mean you could look at something like hushmail or safe-mail, encrypted mail services that later built in a backdoor for the government. In that case it was closed source, as is the case in the MS, Google, Apple NSA relationship, so I'm not sure if it is applicable. 
@_date: 2013-08-13 22:23:47
Thanks for the insider info mate.


Yea man, it's crazy here in the US too. At least in the Bitcoin economy there is an opportunity for regulators to see where they are going wrong. Once all the BitBusinesses move out of the country and the IRS sees how much money the US is going to lose by stonewalling innovators, perhaps the tides will change. One can only hope.


I feel you here. But you have to understand for most people it is extremely difficult to separate draconian compliance practice from some of the smaller (and less harmful) aspects of the regime that by themselves are relatively harmless.
This is not to say people using Bitcoin don't deserve privacy/pseudoanonymity--those are two staples of the Bitcoin economy that should always be available, but it is more often then not that the second someone mentions the word regulation in here the crowd goes wild... even when they are more benign conversations.
@_date: 2013-08-05 03:31:39
TFM is a pretty straightforward story. One upon a time invites were sent out to customers of a famed but targeted LSD vendor Adam. News was posted on DSR and similar venues. Word spread, invites were claimed and TFM began to build. Vendors were brought from various locales, each with ridiculously overpriced and questionable quality materials. Joost, Adam, and Co. set up an op that allowed for CIM (cash in the mail) WU, LR, and PayPal payments, later distributed to the respective vendors. You can guess how that ended, I'll spare you the details. The indictments are available publicly. 
As you can imagine, there are quite a few vulnerabilities that separate this operation from SR, but as I have stated that is irrelevant. Because SR does not use PayPal and CIM, LE must look for other methods for infiltration of the network. The exploits they employ will manifest differently, but they can be equally effective. Deanonymizing and compromising the server, quietly injecting JS and uncovering users is one way. Or they could do the good ol' fashion way and build extensive honeypots until they have all the major vendors. They always go after the low hanging fruit, and there is a ton of it on SR. They won't show their hand until it's time for a big bust, otherwise people wise up and change their methods. I don't get why you need to harp on the fine details when that is not what is of import, but I hope this post communicates what I am trying to say. Sorry if that still doesn't hit home for you, we can just agree to disagree. 
@_date: 2013-07-22 19:19:13
I agree. Embassy is a loaded term no matter which way you look at it. I wanted to mention this in the bitcointalk thread but it has been locked. 
@_date: 2013-09-20 17:22:03
This place always reeked like a honeypot to me. Quick shutdowns with no explanation are never a good sign...
@_date: 2013-09-18 03:52:57
Forum? I must have missed that part. Or do you mean a 'forum of people'? It appears to me they just have crews pen test etc... then report the results to you. They also:


@_date: 2013-07-29 20:55:33
The group usually meets at the Lincoln statue on the north side of the park. 
@_date: 2013-08-12 19:07:22
Okay, so we can begin dialogues with you about that now? Or are you limiting the number of services you will offer your licenses to? 
Should I just email you with more specific questions?
@_date: 2013-09-19 20:46:56
Well as we saw with Liberty Reserve, there are very few places you could break US finance law and reign free. You'd have to plan meticulously and remain anonymous the entire time. But connecting to bank accounts etc... would be nearly impossible because you would just be put on a blacklist.
Decentralized exchanges will be more sustainable in the long run imo.
@_date: 2013-12-27 16:27:20
Not unless someone is willing to risk their MSB license...
@_date: 2013-08-12 19:29:15
This is a core component to state-by-state regulatory compliance regimes. It is not only from where you operate, but also with whom operate.


@_date: 2013-10-07 17:20:35
That's cool. Interesting play, let's see how Coinbase reacts.
@_date: 2013-07-14 02:32:41
How is it on the battery? 
@_date: 2013-12-28 01:30:14


Please don't take this the wrong way, but you are either lying to me, you are generally misinformed or your lawyers are very poor. You are operating illegally, as I know people in New York who use your service regularly and you are most certainly not licensed there. 
Even IF you have a pending application there, you cannot operate without the license. It just doesn't work that way. You are doing a disservice to yourself (your business) and to reddit going around talking like that.
Just read the FinCEN guidance mate. If BitInstant and Cassicus were operating illegally, so are you. FinCEN just hasn't gotten around to you yet.
@_date: 2013-10-30 22:41:52
This has been the case for quite awhile. Most of the articles saying SVB is btc friendly were perpetuating a false myth. Regardless you have to be backed by a VC from a special svb approved group to get an account there as a startup.
@_date: 2013-10-24 20:04:48
The BIP has been integrated into source already. At this point it is a matter of getting wallet providers to integrate the functionality.
It is not an alternative to mixing per se, because if you want to remain entirely anonymous you will have to go to greater measures (see: coinjoin, mixing, etc..). But for your use case it is fine.
@_date: 2013-07-06 23:50:00


Sorry, you lost me there. Untested changes that are uncoded? You mean things that don't exist? 
A change won't be made to the Bitcoin protocol without extensive testing, so I'm not sure what you are concerned with there. Adoption of new mining rules won't be instantaneous, but if they are agreeable to miners they will eventually adopt them. It will be in their best interest to because they are trying to maximize mining profits and this is another transaction type to pool from.
@_date: 2013-08-12 01:59:18
Word right after satoshi square. I'll be there. 
@_date: 2013-11-16 04:29:24
I'm probably going to post this quote a bunch today, but I'll start with it here. From Peter Todd, a poignant response:








Mike's clearly a great programmer but poor politician. For that reason alone it might be time for him to step down; this isn't the first time he has crossed the community, definitely won't be the last. He clearly has some pretty 'statist' views. If he is using CryptoLocker as an excuse for redlisting just imagine what happens when people start kidnapping people for Bitcoin. Blacklists here we come....
@_date: 2013-11-13 21:31:42
You've said this in the past, but up until now I never agreed with you justus. This CoinValidation is atrocious, and it is being pushed by two major names in Bitcoin. 
They claim it is because businesses are "asking for it." Great! The US government wants Bitcoin to be inflationary, maybe we should change the protocol so we can print more!
The worst part is I am a US based Bitcoin entrepreneur (hate that word) and was planning on jumping through all the regulatory hoops to make this work. Now, its off to the Caribbean. Fuck you Yifu. Fuck you Alex. What embarrassments. 
@_date: 2013-06-12 00:08:00
See, again we disagree. What I am saying is this: unless we reach a certain critical mass, the government will not bother to shut everything down because it won't be worth it. We won't reach that critical mass in the US without some form of regulation. It's almost like a catch 22, but with an upside.
The idea being, that once they realize they want to shut it down it's too late. Shut down all the exchanges in the US you want but international adoption will have already outpaced any possibility for control.
Worst case, in my opinion, would stem from an amendment to the Stamp Act that would effectively outlaw Bitcoin. Only after then could they come after individuals. Regardless, this would be limited to the US.
@_date: 2013-07-07 14:23:07
Keeping things in Bitcoin does not keep you outside the purview of FinCEN. 
You are a MSB, no question about it mate. You need to get your licensing done ASAP or at least make it clear to state and federal licensees that you are working on it.
edit: for clarity, FinCEN basically treats Bitcoins like traveler's cheques; that is why you will need to follow their rules.
double edit: if you let users sign up with their own mtgox account and you used the API to do the trades on their behalf you might find a legal loophole. Good luck mate, keep up the good work.
@_date: 2013-08-09 02:07:01
Recording: 
You can catch the streams live in the future.
@_date: 2013-09-01 17:20:43
Haha, a good point. I'll ask around.
@_date: 2013-06-14 23:17:17
Yea mate I was thinking that exact number :D
@_date: 2013-10-18 08:17:03
In all honesty the only way to be sure it's gone is to wipe the comp and start over. I don't keep up with the Windows community these days I can't be of more help than that, sorry. I do recommend you start fresh though.
@_date: 2013-10-29 03:23:23
I'm about a quarter of the way through. If I enjoy it enough I'll write a summary and link to it here.
@_date: 2013-10-26 05:32:43
No, I'm not. Tor is not a good parallel when discussing Bitcoin, because a a clampdown on tor usage in China results in entirely different circumstance than the scenario discussed above. The primary reason being that such a denial of service it is only a temporary hiccup for tor users, and a disruption in service is not detrimental in the long term. A "temporary" disruption to Bitcoin (a fork that lasts &gt;1 day) is all that is needed to undermine people's ability to trust the network forever.
I was not clear with that in my first post, I should have said it earlier.


See above. 


Sounds like you're wearing rose colored glasses. Right now, I'd agree. No way in hell they would pull a fast one on us. But during a period of capital controls it is entirely reasonable to imagine a scenario as such.
@_date: 2013-06-27 02:14:07
Mate you're clueless. You need to do your research. Operation Web Tryp, Farmers Market, carder.su, countless others that I won't name here. Thats how LE works; sit, wait, bust. Rinse, repeat. I'm over this discussion you clearly want to wave your dick around and not learn. That's what gets people busted.... in fact you remind me of a few I've seen go down.
You have no technical knowledge of how Tor works if you think responder anonymity happens through at an exit node. And there is no need for a super secret zero day exploit, just read this (pdf) 
But yea, good luck with Atlantis. You sound like a shill for them. Shameful.
Day after edit: this was a dick post, i see why i was downvoted. sorry
@_date: 2013-08-19 05:31:33
You can find the court documents here: 
@_date: 2013-09-03 18:00:00
It appears as though IAFCU overstretched itself. They really should not have been dealing with businesses in the first place; CUs are are usually exclusively for consumer consumption.
With JP Morgan trying to lobby for CUs to be taxed, things are not looking pretty in the foreseeable future.
@_date: 2013-08-16 20:03:26
Let me break it down real simple for you, since you still harp on the wrong details and masterfully twist my words to deduce arguments I am not making.
This is straight from Satoshi's whitepaper on Bitcoin:


Specialization, or centralization as I call it, limits the possibility of Satoshi's vision. Pools won't solve this problem, as they too are a central points of failure. No matter which way you look at it, the harder t becomes for joe schmoe to mine as an individual the more centralized Bitcoin becomes. This is what I'm saying. Thank you, have a nice day.
@_date: 2013-08-12 18:44:55
Now that you have settled that, I have a few other questions.
How soon after the IPO will you open your doors to new customers? 
Approximately how long would the application process take for businesses hoping to operate under your MSB licensing?
@_date: 2013-11-03 19:18:25
Cool, but that couldn't be possible I have not received any such email and I organize one myself. The other Bitcoin NYC ones as far I know didn't recieve any.
No biggie though do you man. Good luck I wish you the best.
@_date: 2013-12-09 22:10:23
Cool, nice job. You are certainly not the first to do this though:
Earlytemple.com (multi sig, not escrow though - oracle) and  do this as well, just to name a few.
@_date: 2013-09-16 13:59:56
McMillan, it would be best if you didn't open your mouth and let shit ooze out all the time:


What a gross misrepresentation of the state of the Bitcoin economy. :rolleyes:
@_date: 2013-10-25 04:45:08
I like this suggestion. It all depends on the individual inquiring and what level of commitment they are willing to devote to securing and understanding the investment. 
If they are the hands-on type and want to DIY, Coinbase is one of the few legally operating Bitcoin exchanges/wallets in the US. They have limits though. Unfortunately Tradehill used to cater to this type of customer, but they are having their own regulatory troubles and had to close shop. 
Bitstamp is not operating legally in the US (as far as I know), so I would steer clear of recommending them. Now I'm going to suggest gox, but that is if and only if the investor plans to get the coins, pull them out and store them. Not try to sell and cash out on gox, because we all know how that ends. 
Gox would only be for the investors willing to spend more time making the purchase happen, as it is an international wire transfer, annoying ID verification, etc... etc...
@_date: 2013-12-23 18:42:51
You ignored the substance of my post.


Yes, the will. But what if it's renewable? And if the materials are all recycled?


Based on what exactly are you making that claim?
@_date: 2013-07-07 03:45:57


Mate, don't get too comfortable. Bitcoin is a beautiful, elegant protocol... but don't forget that it was built for humans by humans. Cryptographically it is secure, yes, but things can and do go wrong. We need to be vigilant with general upkeep and make sure everything is well tested before it is released and that it operates well under heavy load
These are human processes, very much prone to error.
@_date: 2013-09-19 17:50:21
Are you a professor or a student? How are you spreading the word exactly?
@_date: 2013-11-18 00:46:33
Well you should get your facts straight with Forbes next time because given the content of the article the picture painted was not as you just described.
@_date: 2013-10-03 16:11:26
Those aren't too great. I would wait for more court docs, testimony, the works. It will paint a better picture then these. Good looks no less.
@_date: 2013-09-24 17:51:14
I'm just curious, you guys have been saying a few weeks for awhile now... is the launch for real this time? I've been on the beta list since May, no word on an account. 
@_date: 2013-09-13 18:36:59
Honestly, the best method is to have a firm, deep understanding of the protocol so when they ask questions you can answer them with more than a memorized response. This is not to say that you need to understand the technical nuances outright; instead, build Bitcoin's value proposition as an abstraction of the workings of the system.
As you gain a deeper understanding of the protocol you begin to ascertain its use value on different levels. But to start, let me help with those questions you asked.


To whom? Imagine if you were in a bankless country without access to a stable currency or safe means to store value without being subject to hyperinflation. Here Bitcoin is immensely useful and valuable. Or what if you lived in a country that had bail-ins? What would you do then?
The easiest way to counter a value proposition argument is to help the person step outside their own shoes. Most Americans don't get it because they have PayPal and Visa and Wells Fargo all backed by the dollar. And to this point, it is better not to reduce Bitcoin to the category of currency. It is also a decentralized payment network, which 'inherently' valuable.


This is true, the price of Bitcoin is dependent upon the market. However, markets respond to demand, and demand increases as the value proposition increases (here we are, back to the first question). What that ultimate value is is yet to be seen, so it is predictable that there will be significant shifts in price as the protocol finds its bearings. 
Skepticism is only natural, embrace it and learn to leverage people's doubt as props in defense of the protocol. 
@_date: 2013-06-29 03:11:42
Glad you read it, some clever research in there. Here is my shameless plug... if anyone wants to know what's in the paper but is overwhelmed by techincal/tldr can peruse a summary I wrote on it: 
@_date: 2013-06-11 16:42:45
This is a valid point. Projects like buttonwood and localbitcoins will enable the privacy we hold dear. As popularity grows so will the ability to liquidate/buy coins locally. 
Until then we should make the best of a bad situation.
@_date: 2013-09-08 01:31:11
You were doing great until the end:


As a general rule you don't even hint at shaming a politician, that defeats the purpose of the whole letter. They will get defensive and the conversation will be over. He will get the message; no doubt he can read between the lines.
@_date: 2013-10-24 08:08:12
I think the 0% thing is a holiday special, not sure it's here to stay. It's not a sustainable business model anyway.
...and to your original question, you're going to have to wait. US entrepreneurs have to do a dance for the regulators and banks that can take months, if not years to get in line with licensing and whatnot. I can tell you there are things in the pipeline (I'm working on something cool), but they take time to build the relationships with the necessary parties so you can operate without looking over your shoulder every few minutes to see if SWAT is about to bust down your front door.
@_date: 2013-09-13 20:08:20
Very cool, and I get that. But in that scenario who gets to premine the xyz coin? Or will they fork it and turn it into a mining scheme? And we still have the issue of trust pathways and corruptable gateways. The more you start changing in the less like Ripple it will become. I'm all for that. 
@_date: 2013-08-05 02:38:17
sure thing mate, you're the boss. 
@_date: 2013-11-15 07:40:34
Where are the links to the footnotes?!
@_date: 2013-08-18 22:00:01
Do you speak German? Appreciate the info btw, thnks
Can you link to relevant sections?
@_date: 2013-09-26 12:50:25
I wish he fielded the anonymous question. He just glossed right over it.
Good job otherwise.
@_date: 2013-07-28 02:31:21
You have to understand, opening a MSB in the US is a nightmare. Even when the products are complete, regulatory compliance can take many months depending on the state.
Blame the US gov, not the site operators. EU and CA do not require licenses, they are much more open to innovation. 
@_date: 2013-11-04 05:25:48
Don't forget about the children.
@_date: 2013-11-13 22:26:24
This is not a sure bet, and not every core dev supports raising the block size. It's not a free lunch and will change the node (and Bitcoin) landscape instantly. 
Running a node will be more costly (bandwidth and storage intensive) and will push out the 'little guy'. Super nodes, here we come!! /s
@_date: 2013-09-25 15:09:42


What's really ironic about this quote is that most non tech-savvy people use IE or Safari. Nor do they know anything about 'plugins'. Oh and did I mention you already have a shite security model before you even start coding the damn thing?
I'm beginning to worry that these two are abusing their Bitcoin PR leverage.This is just a lengthy piece hyping both the individuals and their yet-undeveloped wallet and then attacking non anarchists... which is entirely unnecessary and adds no real substance to the conversation.


Wilson, you say you are 25? It's time you start acting like an adult. This is coming from an entrepreneur (i hate that word) in NYC: you have no idea about me or my motives, so please for the good of the Bitcoin community please don't make assumptions. Being realistic about expectations (e.g. that not everyone wants to live in an anarcho-squat holes) and attacking regulators head on (instead of just talking about it in a New Yorker article) is in itself a reasonable first step. We get to fight special interests (see: lobby groups from AMEX, WU, MG, etc...) and also question the most basic tenants of AML/KYC compliance. You made a 3-D printed gun, much respect. Everyone really appreciates your hard work and recognizes your political views. But please keep your hands to yourself. You want Bitcoin to thrive? How about not splitting the community in two (children love labels) and badmouthing the other side? 
Go do you, we will do us, and maybe meet at the other side. But a New Yorker article, really? Just to stir up shit? Most people won't bother reading that article anyway. It sucked. To me you just lost all credibility as a human being. Grow up man.
edit:toned it down
@_date: 2013-09-24 23:31:42
What poor logic. Just think of the mess this will create in Google results. Please rethink this.
It's like me setting my reddit username as bitcoind.info instead of bitcoindinfo and claiming to be an expert in the bitcoin deamon hoping to answer questions for people. How would that make you feel? It's confusing.
@_date: 2013-06-27 02:39:35
I was talking about how they operate in general. None of those were honeypots.
Fine you win you're right its not a honeypot. Good luck sorry if I offended you. Bye.
@_date: 2013-09-29 19:21:29
Nice! That's only a few miles from me, I'll have to go check it out.
@_date: 2013-08-16 16:57:22


I'm with jag2k2 on this one. If there are [let's say for example] 20 large mining operations in the year 2020 that control the majority of the network power, those 'specialized' operations are 20 central points of failure. If an attacker wanted to harm the network hashing rate, they could in theory ddos 10 of the farms. It is in this sense that mining will become centralized. 
@_date: 2013-10-23 21:44:32
Clever idea, you should sort it by date by default though.
@_date: 2013-07-10 05:24:26
See my comment  same rules apply. 
@_date: 2013-08-05 16:15:20
Okay, this is DEFINITELY a scam, I've got proof.
If you go to  and look at the team, look at the first picture. Now go here: 
They just took random images and made it the team. Be CAREFUL people don't put your money here.
edit: none of the team exists on LinkedIn. I didn't bother reverse image looking up the rest of the team, but I'm sure it's all bogus. Given the retarded ROI you can be pretty sure this is a one way street to getting your coins jacked.
@_date: 2013-11-05 21:59:48
They have $50K in assets. They have nothing but a few desks.
@_date: 2013-07-12 06:18:54
We have been oversold for a few days now. This was expected.
@_date: 2013-09-17 02:04:43


@_date: 2013-06-28 21:05:12
Cool, I'm sure many will appreciate. Didn't mean to sound dickish or anything, obviously this is a great step for any city to make and the people that head it up should be commended. Nothing is without its kinks though...
@_date: 2013-09-03 20:34:41
Lol @ reddit thumbnail grabber.
Is it bad that I'm desensitized to banking atrocities at this point? sigh 
@_date: 2013-08-04 17:47:38
If you are blocking JS on a page, generally speaking you are immune to JS hacks. They could have a 0day for FF that allowed you to load JS on a page regardless, you are right. In this case I do not think it would be effective because it would be spotted too quickly.
@_date: 2013-11-14 17:03:59
He says that, but if I had to guess CJ tx's will be larger in size than average transactions. That's just a guess.
@_date: 2013-10-06 16:29:46
Probably a good guess. They did the beta.binstant.com before, this would follow the pattern.
@_date: 2013-06-24 03:31:56
Noble. You got it mate.
@_date: 2013-11-24 20:15:26
You're going to use some amateur analysis of FinCEN guidance as your source of info instead of the first hand FinCEN document that I posted to prove your point? You realize that this thread is about IRS/taxes, not MSBs right?
I wasn't referring to the top of this nest, I was referring to your comment exclusively, which is wrong. Let's not spread misinformation please. We know users are exempt, but not businesses in the context you posted.
@_date: 2013-09-25 19:46:08
@_date: 2013-10-08 22:42:07
That or they smartened up. 
@_date: 2013-09-03 18:13:53
Yes. From the sound of your post I thought you were implying they would somehow be exempt from AML requirements. 
edit:downvote with no explanation? classy
@_date: 2013-08-24 02:21:14
Wouldn't that be a better question for an industry seat?
@_date: 2013-11-14 21:24:56
No, this license is for money service businesses, not merchants accepting Bitcoin.
edit:toned down
@_date: 2013-11-14 09:41:20
If we don't try to hard anything is possible. No need to make calls about who is what and what is who. Let's just live and let live. People will get rich, some lose it all.
Gates stepped on a lot of toes to get where he is now. I almost feel like he is trying to clean his filthy money by donating it to charities. That said he is doing some great things, so that should not be forgotten. I'm always on the fence about that dude.
Either way, let's not frame said individual as the "next" Bill Gates. Let's pave our own path and do great things on morally sound ethics and above board business practices.
@_date: 2013-10-04 15:14:31
Yea, I hear ya. :shrugs:
@_date: 2013-08-14 16:02:28
You're right. All that is worthy of AML/KYC. 
good chat mate hopefully ill see u around
@_date: 2013-10-06 22:08:51
Yea, to bad there is no info as to why this is going to be better then all the other id verification services out there...
@_date: 2013-10-20 03:37:51
I signed up earlier, but am interested still. 
@_date: 2013-08-12 16:24:49
Yes. For anyone interested in going I think if you use the word bitcoin in the coupon code there is a discount. 
@_date: 2013-10-02 23:33:14
Anything is possible but I have a feeling we will see him pleading guilty to a lot of this pretty soon...
@_date: 2013-07-10 21:53:42
You're right, paradox is a poor choice of words. I used the authors words, I had a feeling paradox didn't capture the content properly but I used it anyway--silly mistake. Thanks.
The quote is from the source link. The other link is where I posted this content originally, so I thought it was appropriate to link it. I can remove it.
edit: I can't amend the title but I edited my blog post and the reddit submission, thanks. I mentioned you, of course.
@_date: 2013-08-15 17:48:16
I hear you. If you plan to do an IPO from the US (I know you guys are in Jersey, I'm a friend of geo's btw) I assume you are not going to do it fly-by-night, correct? As such you will have to register with the SEC... you will be the first entity that I know of to offer a compliant US-based IPO via Bitfunder/BTCT/Havelock/MPex/etc... 
Unfortunately that will limit you to only accredited US investors and the international community, so keep that in mind. You will have to create a way to manage the IPO so that it limits who can invest. That is not easily doable with preexisting platforms. In theory you could issue shares yourself in a bitcoin-esque colored coin manner or something, but that is a huge undertaking. 
I've had this conversation with myself, which is why I am offering my experience. I'm in nyc if you ever want to chat in person. You should come to bitdevs meetup some time: 
@_date: 2013-10-29 19:19:35
It was more the assumptive nature of your post that probably threw people off, especially the accusatory tone about what people should and shouldn't be doing. Like somehow you know better than everyone else, which given your rebuttals it doesn't really seem like you do.
I say that with respect, because I do recognize where you are coming from, but you have to remember this product is not advertised to people who aren't already into Bitcoin. If the majority of newcomers who happen to stumble upon it and get turned off to Bitcoin entirely, I would be more than a little surprised. I won't say what I think will happen exactly, because that's an assumption I can't make; there are too many people out there with too many (un)biases to make that call for an entire population of people.
Regardless I think the damage would less than you imagine it to be. It would at the very least be counterbalanced by the positive use cases.
What I can tell you is in what scenarios this is useful. And no matter which way you look at it, this tool invites use of the currency in places it would not have been otherwise possible. Even if they are just "converting" it, the daily tx volume grows as well as the value proposition of the currency. 
@_date: 2013-10-28 18:55:16
They shouldn't have to 'gather' before they send you the coins. They just need to pull the unspent outputs into one tx. 
If you follow the coins movements once they are in the Coinbase system you can get a better idea of how they handle funds.
@_date: 2013-08-26 17:00:37
Guidance is regulation. If you don't follow it you are subject to criminal penalties (see:mtgox/dwolla/wells). FinCEN's guidance applies to all 50 states and any entities operating within them, so each state does not [need] to issue guidance on the matter unless they disagree with FinCEN's requirements. The requirements for MSB licensing for each state remains the same. 
They are, however, thinking of coming up with new regs, which is a good thing. Currently trying to stuff Bitcoin in with existing regulatory laws is like putting a square peg in a round hole. NY is the leader for financial regulation is the US, so they sent subpoenas to major companies operating in their state. That doesn't mean that every state has to. They will wait for the major players (see: the fed, NY, California) to make a decision then follow that. That's usually how it goes.
@_date: 2013-12-15 18:02:00
If you think Blockchain.info (or any client side wallet) is giving you "meaningful" control over your funds, you are kidding yourself. It's all security theater. edit:i am not referring to desktop wallets
An XSS attacker could very easily drop a malicious line of javascript into the page that you never know would be there, it would grab your keys and your coins would be gone forever. It opens up an entirely new vector of attack. Not to mention, there have been serious problems in the [past]( with Blockchain.info's 2FA. Just take a look at [history]( it's not on blockchain.info's [side](
Coinbase screwed up here because they have not designed their API with 2FA, like they should have. That doesn't mean it can't be done properly... At least they store most of their coins offline.
@_date: 2013-09-19 18:49:59
Yea, the only successful story I have heard of is btcquick, and they 


Not sure if the hassle would be worth it for one off payments from customers to whomever, so not sure that would work out for you.
@_date: 2013-10-05 16:05:52
Okay, I see what you mean. Thanks for the reply. I have sent you an email about becoming an agent, hope to hear form you soon
@_date: 2013-10-04 15:08:13
They have a point. Bitcoin has serious problems with scalability. If 1/4 of the Visa daily tx volume was dumped on Bitcoin the party would be over pretty quickly.
GSpotAssassin is spot on. We could increase the size of blocks and the like, but that is really only a band aid. This is where things like Ripple will come in (imo). It is scalable into millions of tx / day. It would offload the pressure off of Bitcoin directly, although we could still be trading Bitcoins via Ripple no problem
@_date: 2013-10-06 16:22:22




Great panel, tons of interesting information:
and more...
@_date: 2013-08-22 22:31:22
I haven't had any direct experience with Obopay or Meracord, but their licensing programs open up a lot of possibilities for bitbusinesses operating in the US that don't have the time or resources to get their own licensing. After a little bit of research I am under the impression it costs 250-350K + annual fees to operate under Meracord's umbrella, a much more approachable figure then the traditional multi-million dollar surety bonds.
With BTC Global full of empty promises (at least so far) it is nice to know bitbusineses have some options.
@_date: 2013-09-14 01:12:53
Just glad to see you blogging again mate!
@_date: 2013-07-14 04:28:00
Lookin good buddy! Why'd you stop? 
I only perused the files but I see a bunch of Java so I figure you're using bitcoinj. Good choice, Hearn is the man. It has been updated a bunch recently just FYI, some of the additions might be of use to you. Depends on what you got planned. Either way keep up the good work mate.
I'd help but I've got a project of my own I'm workin on :)
@_date: 2013-10-18 07:48:47
Yea, sounds like you have malware. An encrypted wallet does you no good in many situations, so do not think that is the end all be all solution. A sophisticated adversary will just wait for you to decrypt it or just use a keylogger. Like someone mentioned, offline storage is the best option. 
Right now your priority should be removing the malware from your computer. 
@_date: 2013-10-02 23:31:22
If they have your keys, of course it will do no good. But if you practice good security practices GPG is a legitimate hurdle for the feds. Digging through his servers should not have surfaced his key. If it did, again, he is an amateur. I don't think he was using GPG. I think he was just using the messaging platform on SR without any encryption. 
@_date: 2013-06-28 14:01:43
Standout in my book == following regulatory compliance, pushing updates regularly, making a good name for the Bitcoin community, and quickly growing in popularity.
A few that come to mind: bitpay, bitinstant, coinbase, gliph, localbitocins, tradehill, blockchain.info among others. I get what you mean though, mtgox and bfl are standouts in the sense that they are eye sores; they make everyone else look bad.
@_date: 2013-06-27 13:40:22
Guys you ever hear of the case of the ATF giving guns to the Mexican drug cartels that ended up killing a few US federal agents? These things happen, don't put it past them. And yes, plenty of DEA agents have sold drugs, that's how undercover operations work. 
And just because they have the forum set up doesn't mean they are directly selling drugs, they could just be data mining. This is what mean. 
@_date: 2013-08-13 17:42:02
For anyone interested there is some good discussion RE this article on bitcointalk: 
@_date: 2013-09-14 01:15:38
You lost me at the end but I totally get where you are coming from. The only reason I think Ripple (and its children) is not the answer is because there are [potentially] trustless ecosystems/payment networks that will allow for storing/trading all types of asset classes to be developed in the near future that will undermine Ripple's value proposition (see: Bitshares).
Thanks for the insights though I'll keep those things in mind in the future.
@_date: 2013-12-10 20:31:08
Alex, I've attended Ross's [bail hearing]( and plan to attend the rest of his court dates. If you would like some direct reporting shoot me a direct message. Either way, keep up the hard work brother!
@_date: 2013-07-07 13:40:01


@_date: 2013-09-04 17:11:47
'Important' people like to make 'important' predictions they have no business making.
You cofounded PayPal, cool. That doesn't mean you can start making predictions about a possible outcome of a technology that is category creator, nothing at all like PP or any of its competitors. There is no precedent, thus no way to make a remotely accurate model to predict its success. 
@_date: 2013-10-08 00:34:57
All we know about how the site was coded is what we are told, so keep that in mind!
@_date: 2013-08-29 02:57:48


My response had nothing to do with religion at all. This is why you hire customer service reps. If you can't handle dealing with customers, don't! Avalon has plenty of money, so there is no excuse. His business model should NOT rest on his endocrine system or on any single person in his business. This is why you hire help.


I think you are being overly empathetic to the situation. I used to be the same, defending BFL and Avalon and whatnot, but when you get down to the nitty gritty they really have piss poor business practices. Even IF they had the best of intentions from day one, that doesn't matter. It's the execution of that vision that matters. When millions of dollars and the well being of the Bitcoin network at large are at stake, empathy takes a back seat to regular and sufficient judgment of one's actions. I won't itemize the list because that last sentence speaks volumes.
Do you know how many businesses were resting on the delivery of this shipment? More than I care to count. Now what? They have to get their money back and rethink everything, just because Yifu couldn't wing it (and that's just his excuse, who knows what the real truth is).
As for the customs bit, they explicitly said that thousands of chips were stuck in customs (I'm not gonna dig for the post, people in here can back me up on it if they want to), but now he suddenly wants to give refunds on those orders. This is where his word breaks down.
@_date: 2013-08-22 23:19:23
It was DHSI who issued the warrant, yes. The warrant was issued because mtgox was


which both deal with unlicensed money transmission. So it appears to have been executed by DHSI on the behalf of FinCEN.
@_date: 2013-08-12 16:33:35
What assets do you hold that are worth 11.5 million USD? Or is this money being provided by the bank backing you?
You don't provide any background for security purposes. Can an independent third party the community trusts check your credentials? Havelock is not enough IMO.
@_date: 2013-08-15 04:13:35


If you meet the license requirements for an MSB in the continental US you are expected to monitor for a checklist of suspicious activity. What that looks like in Coinbase's backed depends on how their system is implemented. Are you asking for the criteria exactly? if you go to fincen.gov and dig around you can find them (or just google).


Once you buy them and move them out of course... that's beyond their control. In this case the OP could have been flagged for something as simple as logging in from a new IP; or perhaps it's a significantly larger purchase then usual. It's not always easy to tell. 
edit: both of those use cases are Coinbase TOS, but the same applies for suspicious activity. you're right that coinbase amounts are small, so idk for sure, just musing.
@_date: 2013-09-23 19:24:17
They are still offering securities/equity-based investments. If you are offering these services to United States citizens you are required to be registered with the SEC as a brokerage. Likewise the securities on the exchange must be registered with the SEC.
~~If he wanted to still operate there are ways he could, they would require some changes to their backend. There would have to be a way to block US-based investors ([Regulation S - category 3]( change the privacy policy, collect extensive info on investors (kind of like a licensed exchange), require quarterly reports for each security, etc...~~
It's not so ambiguous if you read the Sec Act of 1933 and amendments therein. BTCT is breaking the law.
Actually, regulation S wouldn't work for a US-based brokerage, only individual securities. You would have to host the exchange on your own site.
edit:link, clarity
@_date: 2013-08-12 20:11:22
Go to the citation on wiki mate. I'm not gonna dredge through fincen.gov for you to prove an obvious point, sorry.
@_date: 2013-10-02 16:08:30
~~He was picked up in Cali, so it might not be him. Or he just doesn't update that profile. Regardless,~~ what a quote (oh the irony):


@_date: 2013-09-19 17:15:36
The efficacy of the double spend is less dependent on the transaction fee and more dependent on which tx was seen by the network first. For a double spend to work both tx have to be broadcast simultaneously, from there it is all a game of probabilities.
@_date: 2013-11-18 02:07:31
I hate to say it, but Charlie dug his own grave here. How exactly did he think this was going to end?
BitInstant is tainted now, no one will touch them with a ten foot pole. Charlie's name is probably ruined for life in the states when it comes to money transmission as well, what a crying shame. Was it worth beating everyone else to the punch?
BitDeliver is about to take their spot anyway. Sorry Charlie, time to move on (or to other countries).
@_date: 2013-08-04 17:08:17
You are correct. Hidden services are quite vulnerable: 
@_date: 2013-09-29 18:43:08


Check out the Have a Snack paper linked in the article. The bandwidth difference between connecting to 40, and say, 100 nodes is not too significant. You have a good point though. Regardless, if a minimum/higher default is set on bitcoind most people won't bother changing it.


That has been mentioned before, but I don't think it would matter. This is also explained in the paper in that link (and [one]( corresponding to it). Double spends work because of information propagation delay (which is heightened by nodes with few connections) in the network. Translated, this means that the first tx seen by a majority of the nodes in the network will be the one that is accepted, not the one with the highest fee. Both txs must be broadcast at the same time, whether or not one has a tx fee doesn't really matter (because if the hacker broadcasts their tx first, there is a chance the merchant won't accept the double spend, and vice versa).
@_date: 2013-06-11 02:59:25
For the record I don't believe you need to give Bitcoins 'color' to enforce inherency of value. I'd argue there is a practical materiality to Bitcoin that gives it inherent value, but that's besides the point.
Regardless, conceptually color coins are great; in practice I'm sure they are too. I'm not sure a treasury would be the best terminology to describe an exchange of such intent though. 
This sort of thing would be regulated by the SEC (no precedent at the moment) so there are definitely a few  barriers to entry before it could become a reality. It's not a crazy idea--it's a very real one in fact. It's been discussed for a few years now by core devs and the community at large. Exciting stuff :)
@_date: 2013-08-05 19:27:05
Yes, I do. In fact I've already sent them an email about this. Very disappointed by their behavior.
@_date: 2013-07-07 03:37:59


Sounds like this would be an ironic fix for this centralization problem: 
@_date: 2013-11-04 20:10:31
Like i mentioned in the other thread, we can do both. Word probably couldn't get out fast enough tonight to cancel it since it's only in 2 hours. 
If you're serious about it come tonight my name is Justin we can figure out the when/where.
@_date: 2013-06-14 05:54:29
They did not migrate their system properly when they switched from the old site to the new beta. Many orders were not transferred over and now they have to handle them manually, one by one. They are going through them as quickly as they can.
I know RC one of their awesome custie service dudes personally - you guys need to cut them some slack and understand that they made a mistake and are trying to fix it. They aren't gonna steal your money and they are going to make sure this won't happen again.
Sending 50 support tickets just makes it worse. Please be patient. 
@_date: 2013-08-06 21:35:06
I must say, I was a bit disappointed with this article, especially with Meghan. Let's start from the top.


What? Vulnerability in Bitcoin that lead to an exchange shut down? Sorry, nah... never happened.


What a pompous thing to say. In the US MAYBE, but the world is bigger than that, sorry Meg. 


~~So you are gonna flaunt which banks turned you down, give us a list of banks and make us guess which ones you used? Oh... for a competitive advantage you say? Well fuck that, not in the spirit of Bitcoin if you ask me. If the banks want to turn down new custies sure, that's fine I get it, but please don't play cat and mouse with other startups looking to leverage the space as well. It's behavior like this that eventually monopolizes a market.~~
edit: I spoke with Juan tonight. The reason she hasn't released the name is because they have not been 100% approved by the bank and do not want to jeopardize the partnership. This I understand. Apologies for my assumption.
@_date: 2013-09-03 18:03:14
If they service US customers they will have to comply with US AML requirements regardless. 
@_date: 2013-09-05 20:29:07
In my book SSL has never really been a secure means to enable privacy--too many TTPs, multiple points of failure with poor implementations at every turn, etc... This leak just confirms suspicions, really.
But to answer the OP's question, they quote Snowden's oft-repeated line: 


@_date: 2013-06-27 03:24:56
Oh and for the record DZF forum just like this and was a confirmed honeypot. Same vibe, same nonchalant "hey buy drugs here, its easy and fun!!" with no mention of the possible 20yr sentence that comes with vending drugs online. So yea, that's what I meant.
You can't deny that they just have this attitude like they won't get caught. That is VERY troublesome.
@_date: 2013-10-29 02:52:54


@_date: 2013-09-06 22:36:33


I don't follow, can you elaborate a bit more? It seems like if they were to maintain this economic credibility you just mentioned they would have to come out and say they are the ones who created Bitcoin or that they have a large enough reserve to back all governmental interests (see: wars, social security, preexisting debts, etc...). That's a lot of coin. Or am I misunderstanding?


You're right. I was referring to alternative implementations and new and innovate ecosystems like [BitShares]( A whole new ball game, really.
@_date: 2013-09-19 13:51:07
haha whoops!
@_date: 2013-09-06 20:02:27
I think you're taking a narrow view. I understand and see the logic in your theory; I myself have come to that conclusion a few times, but in the end it doesn't really matter. If the NSA had the foresight to engage in a long term psy ops operation of this sort they would also be able to see the repercussions of such a decision.
Bitcoin is an open source platform that introduces a new thought paradigm for storing and transacting value. As such Bitcoin will never be the exclusive medium to interface with such technology. New ecosystems will be built (see:BitShares) that use the fundamental assumptions on which Bitcoin is built, but they will be implemented in novel and potentially more cryptographically secure and private mediums. Bitcoin is a can of worms, and once you open you can't close it. Bitcoin may fall to the wayside tomorrow, but cryptocurrencies are here to stay. The NSA will have no control over many future iterations of the technology.
Not to mention, cryptocurrencies undermine the financial stronghold of the United States, a priority that trumps intelligence gathering. Rather, if the dollar is debased there will be no funds to feeds intelligence gathering; thus if there is no money to print it doesn't matter who came up with the idea of a cryptocurrency in the first place. Conversly, you could argue that the one million coins satoshi has stacked away are really the governments. So what? That is still finite, and they can't just print more when they need it.
CoinJoin, CoinWitness, ZeroCoin, etc... will all enable a new kind of privacy that we are currently unaccustomed to. You worry that the NSA will have control over too many well-connected nodes. Again I say that doesn't matter, because all it takes is a few atomic cross chain transactions through various metacurrencies or alt currencies that the NSA doesn't have a large node share of and privacy is regained. Control is lost.
It's like a snake with lots of heads. You cut off one and two more grow back.
@_date: 2013-08-28 07:56:49
A double spend attack occurs as follows: Alice is buying an mp3 and hopes to get it free. Alice broadcasts two transactions simultaneously, one to the vendor and another to herself, spending the same Bitcoins. As it stands, the first tx to be seen by the network has a ~73% chance of being accepted into the blockchain.[[1]( Halve that, and you have the probability of a given double spend attack being executed successfully. 
The efficacy of this attack can be reduced to .088% chance with minor changes to the Bitcoin protocol. [1] also outlines countermeasures to this issue and measures the benefits therein. I've written a summary of it [here](
The jist of the countermeasures (full explanations in the link):


@_date: 2013-08-02 00:29:32
Well you can only serve up Bitcoins to the merchant if you have the private key on the device that you are completing the request from. If you have it on both it would be no problem. 
@_date: 2013-08-04 20:42:51
Cool thanks. 
@_date: 2013-06-23 19:10:03
Immensely helpful mate, thank you. I'll tip ya next time I load my account.
Everyone should read this.
@_date: 2013-12-23 07:55:59
You may be right, I will try to get some head on looks. No promises though. be easy mate
@_date: 2013-09-27 14:38:31
Fear not there are plenty of HD wallets in the pipeline :)
edit:curious,downvoted? the person who downvoted me must also be working on an online wallet service. thanks!
@_date: 2013-08-14 16:00:35


@_date: 2013-11-04 00:56:24
I would hold off using the CoinJoin shared coin option. I know there were [concerns]( about its implementation. 
As for the efficacy of Blockchain.info's normal tumbling service, I do not know how good or bad it is so I cannot comment. 
@_date: 2013-07-11 08:27:04
I understand that, and so does the author. Infinite divisibility does not solve the problem of hoarding though, it's simply a clever workaround. Not a permanent solution to the underlying problem. 
@_date: 2013-09-12 12:39:25
What's the full story there?
@_date: 2013-09-02 21:24:20
If you want to stick to the gambling/play theme just link to the wiki: 
@_date: 2013-08-12 19:35:24
I think it is important to distinguish two types of regulations in the context of Bitcoin: 1) the really bad kind, which seeks to sway the core devs to implement things they wish not to or to outright ban Bitcoin etc... 2) and the innovation-stifling kind, much like now, where AML/KYC compliance costs millions of dollars and &gt;12 months time.
@_date: 2013-08-16 20:23:56
But it is still controlled and operated by a single entity. Decentralized means not only distributed geographics, but also distribution in the separation of powers. 
@_date: 2013-10-12 17:23:03
Right. Are you sure you're willing to actually listen? I gave you more than ample time to be nice, and even explained myself. But you just kept debasing the good will of Coinbase and acting like you come from the great ether with your wisdom. That's why I called you a prick. And I stand by it. FWIW, you are 'personally' attacking Coinbase without good cause. I'm just a mirror mate.
You're conflating a number of issues. You need to learn to separate Coinbase's business model with the regulatory and fraud protection requirements that they must follow if they wish to outlast their VC funding. It's simple math. You just keep ignoring it; just because they offered you a service once doesn't mean they have to in the future. Everything they do they do for a reason.
If they didn't take customer ID info, they would be subject to seizures like gox. Criminal prosecution possibly. If they let people willy nilly buy instant BTC, they will be ripped off. Time and time again.
ACH is REVERSIBLE, and thus they are very exposed. They went out on a limb offering a service and they got bit in the ass. They don't 'have' to do anything for you or the Bitcoin community. The Bitcoin regulatory/compliance landscape is constantly changing, as are the challenges faced by Bitcoin companies. If you can't cut them some slack, like I said, you need to reevaluate your perspective. 
If you have a better solution to the problem, perhaps you should let us know. Up until now you've just complained. And please stop acting like you know what is and isn't good for the Bitcoin community. Everyone has different needs. If Coinbase doesn't meet yours, that's fine. Just stop oozing shit from your mouth.
@_date: 2013-09-07 22:32:31
I don't know what kind of rapport you have with this guy but I know I wouldn't want to read some 500 word email explaining Bitcoin without an invitation. To each his own.
@_date: 2013-09-19 17:19:07
I'm talking about the first iteration, not the new beta. That would horrible for them, most likely, but rolling back is never as easy as it sounds. but i hear you no less
@_date: 2013-10-22 21:38:14
word is bond
@_date: 2013-07-15 16:12:26
Yes, it is a temporary solution to a larger problem. However Scrypt does not see nearly as much performance improvement as SHA256 with ASICs.
@_date: 2013-11-13 22:53:34
This question gets asked a [lot]( Long story short the guy who runs it ran with 250BTC after claiming to be using the funds to build an alt cryptocurrency. He came back months later and said they were stolen. Now he runs MCXnow.
I get attacked by shills whenever I say this, so that is usually a good sign something is a scam.
edit: at this point, interest is probably being paid fairly. I think this is a long con; he wil wait till deposits are high (see:GBL, inputs.io), then run with the money.
@_date: 2013-09-17 02:08:55
...which seems to be the Coinbase MO these days. :/
edit:guys, i'm not hating on Coinbase. I'm just pointing out they have had more than a few 'growing pains' at this point. don't take it for more than it is.
doubleedit:maybe a bit harsh, i take it back
@_date: 2013-09-13 06:40:11
No, as I linked to earlier CoinLab has apparently withheld 5.3 miliion dolars of gox's hard earned cash. Gox sent them 12 million per the original agreement but when the agreement went sour they only sent back 7 million.
With the DHS and Secret Service seizures that's a total of 10.4 million gox has in government + coinlab hands.
@_date: 2013-08-15 17:21:31
Good question. There is one significant caveat to the introduction of colored coins, namely they require a trusted third party to back whatever good the color coin represents; this is largely uncharted territory (both legal and programmatic) in the Bitcoin space, so people are treading with caution at the moment. Something like MasterCoin is looking to help speed up the development side of things.
Colored coins basically act as a layer on top the blockchain that you can interface with in whatever manner set forth by the people who build it out; as such building colored coin clients requires quite a bit of domain-specific knowledge (e.g. decentralized share issuance would need to be built out by a team/person who has extensive knowledge about all the nuances of stock exchanges and how they could applied in a distributed network) so it's not as easy as building, let's say, an alt coin that just changes some variables around in the BTC source code. 
@_date: 2013-11-24 22:46:59
The Bitcoin ecosystem isn't ready for this. I've considered this in the past, but there is no infrastructure in place to support the kind of volume this sort of advertisement might bring. Coinbase can barely handle a Senate hearing, let alone a Superbowl ad.
@_date: 2013-08-12 21:06:45
New info:


@_date: 2013-11-14 20:00:36
Yea, that's one slippery slope ;p
@_date: 2013-09-18 05:06:07
I guess it depends on the class of code that is exploited and what white-labeling you do to the site. It is extra work for sure, but you could probably do it so the bugs wouldn't differ too much. heh i guess it's all a game of numbers
It doesn't look like the bugs are publicly visible to the other testers. That would be silly, you are right. Can't hurt to ask.
@_date: 2013-12-23 23:36:37
Actually, I disgree with this. As it currently stands, you are correct; however, as the network grows this will change significantly. Bitcoin doesn't scale, well all know that.
The consequence of such a reality is that Bitcoin will require trusted third parties to survive. Whether it is Ripple or Coinbase or Coinkite or all of the above is yet to be seen. Regardless, Bitcoin will not survive in its current state without the 'suits' you so dutifully mentioned. 
@_date: 2013-08-04 20:00:36
On second thought I might be wrong. I'm on my mobile I'll double check when I get home. 
@_date: 2013-08-27 20:33:45
BitShares is quite a bit more agreeable than MasterCoin in my opinion. Lends towards decentralized asset classes that don't require central issuers/backers.
@_date: 2013-08-15 19:55:22
How so?
@_date: 2013-10-12 17:41:32
That's all you have to say? You could easily remove that from my comment and the rest remains true. Sigh.
Oh well thanks for the lesson in manners ! You should learn them yourself :)
@_date: 2013-12-23 18:03:25
@_date: 2013-07-08 13:53:29
You can be sure if the NSA was running a full node and mining Bitcoins they would not make it quite so obvious. More likely an employee of one of the government installations out there does it in their spare time
@_date: 2013-09-18 15:25:48
Sanctioned? By what agency? They are certainly not sanctioned by FATF or OFAC. Sounds like your bank is playing you. Inquire further. 
@_date: 2013-09-13 16:15:57
The story unfolds. TGB was good to reserve judgment here, but as I have stated in a few other threads the story Gox paints does not reflect well on Peter and Coinlab.
While it appears Gox did all of about 0 diligence on this agreement and the people they were getting into bed with, it does not excuse Coinlab's behavior nor does it really excuse the 'seizure' of 5.3 million dollars in Gox CUSTOMER funds by Peter. 
The seizure of Gox funds by DHS/SS earlier this year makes it clear that Mark was outside his depth when it came to regulatory compliance; it appears as if they delegated the responsibility entirely to Peter/Coinlab, and in doing so they lost complete control of a sizeable chunk of funds (now &gt;10 million) and any leverage they may have had to quickly resolve the dispute. Peter is not a trustworthy character in my eyes, and Gox's complaint confirms that. Read it yourself and see. Some of the vaugeness and trickery on the part of Coinlab is appalling.
When Coinlab's "prepaid access" house of cards came falling down (no surprise there) Gox used that as an excuse to void the contract (as Coinlab was no longer compliant in the US and Gox could now see through their bs). Moving forward this will be the major point of contention. Either way we have two children fighting in the sandbox.
edit:looks like mtgox wants a new partner. thats huge for anyone lucky enough to get it
@_date: 2013-07-14 05:16:47
Yep. See: 
@_date: 2013-10-08 00:37:41
fuckin criminals. can't take you no place...
@_date: 2013-10-02 18:20:10
It is packaged in the TBB yes, but JS is not disabled by [default](
@_date: 2013-12-12 03:31:00
The protocol is transaction agnostic, the whole point is anyone can participate. Also please don't put words in Satoshi's mouth.
@_date: 2013-09-26 21:28:29
Haha yep :)
@_date: 2013-08-16 19:34:03
You've completely missed the point of the post, as the last line was not of import nor is the competency of mining operators. Think numbers, math. Future mining projections: 


Even at 0 costs you are still assuming they will be able to find a block. They will not be able to, thus 0 profit. 
Call me a strawman all you like and ignore the numbers. I'm going to let the future speak for itself. 
@_date: 2013-08-12 17:58:56
anarcoin has posted the real address.* As an aside: don't just send coins to random addresses.
* (bottom of the page)
@_date: 2013-10-06 17:56:49
hahah yep. thanks for the recordings!
@_date: 2013-09-09 15:35:41
Not direct control per se, but if 2 signatures are needed, and the two parties involved do not agree, the third signature (aka airbnb) decides where the money goes. That is effectively control.
and if they are the ones who create the transaction (which if we are still using the airbnb example, they would) they can add nlocktime variable among other things. so yes, to an extent, they have some sway in the movement of money.
edit: you guys can feel free to disagree and downvote me (lol). i've spoken to escrow and contract lawyers and people close to regulators about this. you are money transmitter if you facilitate the movement of money between two parties even if you only hold one of x private keys(except for payment processors like bitpay, they have a nice little exemption niche).
double edit: airbnb was a bad choice for example, because they don't facilitate transactions for business. the example would be better suited for a party that makes it their business to leverage the mofn txs
@_date: 2013-10-15 20:34:15
In the case where you are generating a signature (for this you need to the prng/deterministic dns nonce and the priv key) for a Bitcoin transaction (message) you will be spending coins you have thus will have the private key.
@_date: 2013-09-11 15:45:03
didnt mean anything by it, so ur protip doesnt hold up (at least in my world, everyone is different). my apologies if i offended you. but yea if they wanted to reduce fraud extending the wait period wouldnt solve the problem because some people never look at their account. a better way would be to have coinbase login directly to your bank. in this scenario the attacker needs not only your routing info but also ur bank pw. 
yes that method sucks but it's the only way to be 'sure' if it's a new account. the scumbag would have to work a lot harder to steal your money.
@_date: 2013-10-02 17:11:45
Okay, I see what you mean. They would most likely seize it (I have to find the precedent), although there might be some recourse for the affected parties. 
@_date: 2013-10-05 20:21:41
I'm glad Mike voiced his opinion of MasterCoin. The execution of funding and the like are very troubling, hopefully everything turns out alright.                               
Do you have any more of these? edit:nm, i see the other one on your channel
@_date: 2013-09-02 18:54:07


Ah okay, so do you have plans to service online merchants at some point (I see this being the harder implementation)?
@_date: 2013-09-25 15:36:38
Haha, you can't. You can punish people, but there is no more way to stop it then in normal markets. Just look at Satoshi Dice the day before it [sold](
@_date: 2013-07-25 06:44:14
For the record, that's not entirely relevant in this case: 
@_date: 2013-09-17 17:16:33
Cool. Thanks for the downvotes!
@_date: 2013-10-08 16:43:05


Check out earlytemple.com. It's not 110% finished yet, so don't post it in the main subreddit please. A friend of mine is working on that, you might find it useful.


True story!!
@_date: 2013-08-23 16:04:40
Ah just an email no worries then, thanks. It wasn't so so much about proof, I just wanted an official pdf for my blog. 
@_date: 2013-10-24 20:27:11
Zerocoin won't be added anytime soon, as it creates too much blockchain bloat. [CoinJoin]( is the future of anonymity in the Bitcoin network (imo).
@_date: 2013-08-04 00:02:39
You're right, that was a bad analogy. My point still stands though.
Again no, the SEC has not moved to regulate Bitcoin. Show proof. They took down a Bitcoin scammer and warned the community of the dangers of investing with virtual currencies. That's it. No government has EVER tried to change the protocol. Most don't even get it. 
@_date: 2013-09-19 21:46:31
...if it's another exchange I'm going to be really dissapointed. 
@_date: 2013-12-22 16:14:37
No, it's really not. A plea agreement means he could just be pleading guilty, as to lessen his sentence. You can do a plea agreement without singing. As for the moderators and such they probably had their addresses stored in the vast SR db after buying drugs from one dealer or another. 
Obviously this is all speculation, and I have no idea what Ubricht's morals really are. If he had those people killed he probably wouldn't have any issue ratting on anyone, but if vendors were careful they should have nothing to worry about. However, it appears most vendors had piss poor op sec so I'm not sure how this one will play out.
@_date: 2013-10-29 02:49:10
Sorry for the late response.


 
We are talking about money here. If Bitcoin was disrupted for any significant period of time (which it could easily be, you are underestimating the vulnerability of the network) people would move onto another cryptocurrency which can withstand that attack on its network. It's just how markets work.
I'm not saying cryptocurrencies will die. Far from that. People can't afford not to access their money. It's a low tolerance threshold.
You don't think the [enter 3 letter agency here] would do that, cool. We're gonna have to disagree. If there is no company to go after, they will go after the technology to the best of their ability. If it poses a threat desperate measures will be taken.


Past performance is not proof of future success.


So.... you agree it could happen?
@_date: 2013-09-19 05:04:56
Right idea, poor execution.
Bitcoin is to money as the Internet is to information.
edit:fixed order
@_date: 2013-11-17 04:07:54
Coinsetter you say that, but with the Foundation and CoinValidation sharing DHS phone numbers it looks like you may not have a choice.
And we all know you love being regulated in the US, so you probably dug your own grave. 
@_date: 2013-09-08 20:54:37
I think this has been posted a few times, but I'll comment anyway.
* Chrome/Chromium exclusive? Why exactly? Localstorage works in FF as well (see: mega).
* 4% fees? Whoa. 
* You say zero trust escrow, so you are saying multi signature? Or what? I'm trusting your service to work, aren't I?


Content is automatically expired four weeks after last purchase. If you wish your content to remain active all you have to do is purchase it youself. The money minus the fees will flow back to you, and the content will remain active.
lolwut. Client-side encryption is clever and all, but it sure makes for a convoluted user experience. 
@_date: 2013-08-26 16:46:02
If you watch the legal and regulatory [panel]( at the London 2013 conference Patrick Murck speaks quite a bit, you can get a sense of what he will be talking about today.
@_date: 2013-11-24 18:02:47


No, they didn't. They labeled Bitcoin as "convertible virtual currency" and said that Bitcoin businesses (outside of payment processors) had to be licensed up. From the [guidance](


@_date: 2013-10-06 15:34:51
Thank you cipher_gnome, for once again being the voice of reason here.


Couldn't be more true. If [jacek666] actually read the specification and not just the Coindesk article, he would realize the CA stuff is mainly for the merchant, who obviously wants to prove their identity to their customer. This is to prevent fraud, etc...
If you get over the CA thing for a second and see the protocol for what it is, it's actually clever and will make the client-side experience of Bitcoin much less confusing as wallets adopt the functionality. How could you say no to that?
@_date: 2013-09-15 02:06:59
Did you use the yubikey for blockchain.info as well?
edit : on mobile ill find link later but blockchain has poor 2fa implementation and if u use ur yubikey there it is effectively compromisd. other sites as well. the hacker could have also just used ur active session. doubtful gox stole it 
@_date: 2013-10-11 17:22:05
Cool. I've been signed up since you announced day-one, hope to see an invite soon :)
@_date: 2013-09-04 12:07:00


It's called being an agent of a license. You should look into it. There is more to this conversation than you are letting on. Clearly you aren't privvy to all the aspects of regulatory compliance, as is made clear by your 'autonomous' statement.
You don't always have to get your own licenses. The only reason I say this is because I am pursuing this option myself and it is a real possibility. Once I am an agent, it will give me the freedom to operate my business, make some money, then go get my own licenses. Once I have those I will share them with the Bitcoin community. Having people be agents of my license is not as simple as you make it out to be (well, you don't even acknowledge it as a thing, so I'm talking to myself, really). That's all I'm gonna say on the subject. Let's end this conversation now so we stop going in circles.
doubleedit: i love how i say that i want to help US bitcoin businesses by sharing my licesnes and i get downvoted. gotta love reddit. 
@_date: 2013-09-19 04:30:52
You are not entirely educated on the matter. There are methods called micropayment [channels]( that allow you to group batches of micro transactions, so only the final settling of debts is processed by the network.
@_date: 2013-08-12 18:04:01
Yea, nefarious activity always moves to alternative avenues. The ones who carry the regulatory burden are usually the people abiding by the law in the first place. It's the sad truth of regulatory compliance in the US. stifle now, question later
@_date: 2013-07-06 23:22:49
Cheers mate, love goes to the core devs :)
@_date: 2013-07-07 00:35:48
Yea, I don't think we see eye to eye on this one.
In my book 0-conf transactions have extensive use-value - POS systems require speedy transactions so if you are in a B&amp;M store you can't sit around waiting for confirmations. There is a huge market for such transactions, so if miners choose not to mine those transactions it will be to their own financial detriment. 
If it was more of a niche use case I might agree with you but there is a huge market for this IMO.
@_date: 2013-08-11 19:09:07
The site seems to be down. It's a Bitcoin exchange based here in the US. It is not operational yet. For other discussion RE this article: 
(it's in english, btw)
@_date: 2013-06-23 20:03:26
I wrote up a summary of the paper for anyone interested... 
@_date: 2013-09-08 07:31:39
How was your experience with CoinComply?
@_date: 2013-12-21 08:28:36
This is not the first time this question has been asked. It appears no foul play was involved in the selection of the parameters for the curves used in Bitcoin: 
@_date: 2013-07-14 02:25:58
No, not all wallets are open source. If you trust the developers you can [hopefully] trust the application. I'm not advocating for not open sourcing a project, but sometimes people want to keep their code privileged. There is nothing inherently wrong with that. Of course it can be abused, but that's why you do research before you download something.
Gliph, for example, is not open source. It's not a wallet but it has access to your funds. Coinbase (the android app is OS) is not open source, nor is blockchain.info (some of it is, not all the server side DB code is OS though).
@_date: 2013-12-01 22:24:57
Of course we are taking them at their word, that's all we have to go on. Which is why in my first post I said: barring any conspiracy theory being a reality...
But please, call me stupid and naive. But before you do, answer me this: considering how piecemeal this entire operation has been, how long it has taken to materialize, the abysmal op sec of Ross, and how likely it is he got the God complex (hint:very likely)... just how certain are you it was an FBI inside job?
The fact that they have the coins (which they can prove) would really tie everything together nicely, especially if you can see the hits on the blockchain. Time to wake up and smell the coffee friend. 
@_date: 2013-08-30 18:32:48
Client-side js cryptography is good for hashing passwords so the server is not privy to the users password:


However, it is also insecure in that an attacker can modify the JS on a page to sponsor malicious activity. This is not amenable to financial privacy and security. They even mention this:


edit:added second quote.
@_date: 2013-06-12 17:34:47
See we were having such a reasonable conversation then you go acting like that. 
Your assumptive behavior is rampant through reddit, and you should be ashamed. Either you're a troll or just completely clueless. I can't figure it out yet.
Assuming I'm just a profiteer riding the Bitcoin wave is nasty and unprecedented. In fact I'm here because I love what Bitcoin brings to the table on many levels. Just look at my post history on any bitcoin-discussion forum and you will see that.
You seem to be completely aloof when it comes to understanding the technical aspects of Bitcoin. Just because regulators think they can control Bitcoin via legislation, they CANT. Exchanges, maybe but that's it. That's the beauty of the protocol. Get that through your head. It's not a threat. If you are scared go start a alt-chain so you can stop shitting the bed for christ sake.
Now please gtfo out of my thread you're a complete dick. If you do respond to this I can guarantee you I won't respond. Thanks and have a good day asshole.
@_date: 2013-08-28 19:15:35
You can sift through some of the project development [thread]( for additional insights.
@_date: 2013-10-07 01:31:57
Spare yourself and don't bother reading this uninformed and ignorant article...
edit: on mobile will elaborate
doubleedit: where to start?
The first mistake was in the first paragraph:


Not really. According to the NY and MD complaints, the FBI had their fingers in the SR servers for quite awhile, with quite detailed knowledge of his doings. So secrets? ...certainly not in the traditional sense.
This ignorance is compounded by this statement:


Refer to my previous comment. This has been going on much longer than a month. Only thing Forbes did was write a SR/DPR hype piece.
 &gt;Given all the encryption, layers upon layers and stealth at Mr. Ulbrichts disposal, the FBI has not revealed how it nabbed him. 
lol, how does this even get published?




Do I even need to say what is wrong with these?
What the author forgets to mention, is that if anything, this incident has forced the FBI and the DEA to recognize how BAD Bitcoin is for illegal activities. They can't even use the seized funds without everyone knowing about it!
@_date: 2013-07-17 02:19:42
Dark pools have been available to Tradehill users for a few months now; of course that comes with the 100K USD min buy.
@_date: 2013-12-09 00:10:01
Yea, just thought I'd mention it for others. Anyway, nice guide the network appreciates your effort.
@_date: 2013-06-08 07:48:12
What's that?
@_date: 2013-11-16 01:54:37
Upload to imgur.com and post link.
@_date: 2013-10-20 02:21:54
Would be nice for a specific time link, he doesn't mention it until the [end](
Edit: Also, he thinks the tech is cool but doesn't want people thinking they can avoid government scrutiny by using Bitcoin (he cites Gox seizure and SR).
@_date: 2013-06-11 17:00:57
From a macro perspective on the philosophy of Bitcoin, I agree. But I do believe pragmatics is what will help us reach the next Bitcoin milestone. 
You have play ball first, then you can instill change. It doesn't work the other way around. (IMHO, of course).
@_date: 2013-08-12 14:40:21
I said TTPs are a possible use case for off chain transactions (e.g. inputs.io)
And if you read my post you would see that I did not say micro payments are entirely offline. It is only the final settling of debts that is seen on the chain. From your link:


Implying that only the final transaction is really seen by the chain, not all the small ones in between. 
@_date: 2013-12-01 03:08:25
Look, I feel for his parents who could never picture their son committing crimes of this magnitude. I get it, I really do. But in reality, this shit happens all the time (just to lesser proportions). People go crazy, sociopathic tendencies become unhinged, etc...
Regardless, they are choosing not to look at the evidence. Barring some conspiracy theory being a reality, it looks like Ross is the culprit; they caught him red handed while logged into the admin user interface for fuck's sake.
I was actually at the bail hearing, I did a little writeup you can read it [here]( His parents seem to fail to realize that DHSI is concerned if they let him out he could go get the rest of his stash of Bitcoins. This alone is enough for them to deny him bail.
And while we are playing the "even if" game, even if he never 'actually' killed anybody, intent is king.
edit:yea, downvote me... that'll show em!
@_date: 2013-07-10 22:22:21
Yes page 63, very bottom above the footnote.
@_date: 2013-11-18 01:46:23
In another thread someone asked why people are so '[reactive]( to Bitcoin. My answer is relevant here as well:






Anyway... thanks OP, that was a nice breakdown of the lower level stuff; really paints the picture clearly.
@_date: 2013-11-14 19:37:43
Stop posting this where it doesn't belong. You can't convert fiat &lt;--&gt; btc with this schema. 
Plugin security model sucks, and anyone who tells you otherwise is lying. Also it's run by Amiir Taaki who is a horrible at running a business (see:Bitcoinica). I wouldn't touch it with a ten foot pole. 
As for the BitLicense, if the requirements are lower than current MSB state licensing, it will be a win. If Coin Validation is part of it, then obviously we should reject it. Before we know anything people should chill out. I'll go to the public hearing, it's only a few miles from me.
edit: fixed for clarity. doubleedit: downvote the truth, yea!!
@_date: 2013-08-15 20:46:01
Okay I see what you mean, but what happens when the blue coins are backed by something a gateway couldn't produce an IOU for... like gold bars or something?
@_date: 2013-09-25 04:17:31
Haha word, good one! Can't ever have enough of those personal attacks here on reddit.
I have stated no more or less fact than he has about the robbery. The things I said about his identity are true. That's all that really needs to be said. Sure you can believe him, or you can question his story like any good potential-investor would. That's why I said devil's advocate. But let me guess... you're invested, aren't you?
edit:oh wow, just noticed this is your only post. let me rephrase that. you're not an investor, you're a shill! even better. thanks for proving my point. :)
@_date: 2013-09-16 15:37:56
not worth the trouble
@_date: 2013-09-08 21:33:24
So you need a Coinbase account? In this case the service doesn't enable Bitcoin micropayment channels in the truest sense. They are Coinbase to Coinbase off-chain transactions.
If I had to guess this service will be massively abused by anyone who can write a few basic js scripts. It's cool no less.
@_date: 2013-06-05 03:34:33
That's a non sequitur, but I'll take your word for it and walk away from the accusation as just passive speculation. 
@_date: 2013-08-29 01:12:14
Wow, that's embarrassing. Way to cop out Yifu. Shift blame to your customers and give up, real professional. Either he's a complete amateur or something super shady is going on. Probably both.
@_date: 2013-10-07 23:58:17
Not much trading tonight, more chattin. Quiet bc of rain. Are you keeping track somewhere?
@_date: 2013-10-08 22:41:27
Yep. It's not from where you operate, but instead with whom you operate that dictates your legal requirements. 
@_date: 2013-11-08 01:59:07
Thank you so much.
@_date: 2013-10-24 19:18:04
This is only a problem if the end user is not using good wallet practices.
At the very least, you should be using a new address for every transaction. Moving forward, [Hierarchical Deterministic]( wallets will make it easier to manage loads of addresses that are all related, although from an outsider's perspective they would not be able to correlate them directly.
@_date: 2013-10-04 15:00:28
...any updates on the massive parallel licensing program? Is that still happening or no?
@_date: 2013-10-29 18:54:52
Sorry, this is the real world. How is a stop-gap solution bad exactly? It certainly doesn't drive anyone away from the currency. Plus, you can't expect merchants to be accepting Bitcoin en masse right now; it's too new and preexisting tech is entrenched in the ecommerce space (see:paypal).


That makes no sense. This tool is really useful for consumers who wish to stay in the Bitcoin economy but buy things that are only available in fiat.
If such a service didn't exist, that individual would have to go buy the product in fiat, which would not help the Bitcoin economy at all. So your logic doesn't work here.


We are, these things take time.
@_date: 2013-08-29 19:11:43
Yea, this line speaks volumes:


OP: thanks for posting, I was hoping someone grabbed this. 
@_date: 2013-09-20 16:49:45
Of course, you can never have enough exchanges. But the ecosystem needs to be built out in other areas as well (e.g. online wallet services). Plus everyone and their mother seems to be building an exchange these days. Diversification is key.
@_date: 2013-11-17 13:12:34
Well the core development team is largely made up of English speakers. I figure there is a lag time for any drama to get back to Chinese, but the most recent [revelations]( about a few core devs planning to run a test attack to show how Bloom filters and SPV nodes are weak links in the network should have definitely turned some heads. This kind of stuff effects everyone, doesn't matter where you are.
But not a even so much as a blink...
@_date: 2013-09-03 18:58:12
Not sure how you figure that. OT requires federated servers, and it is reasonable to assume that the operators of those servers would be required to comply with AML/KYC requirements. 
edit:bitshares might be what you are thinking of
@_date: 2013-12-16 03:05:12
I hear you, and that's a powerful goal. In fact I respect the hustle thoroughly, but allow me to nitpick a bit.


This is where I see the fallacy of logic. You still need to harden your servers from outside attacks, no matter which way you look at it. With a client side wallet, if someone hacked the servers they could host malicious javascript. In a server side wallet, they would just look for the keys (you mentioned injection attacks, those can be pretty easily sanitized, other attacks are my main concern, a la bad helpdesk software). 
In my book these attacks are synonymous, but now at least someone like Coinbase can put the funds offline, in the case of a Blockchain.info wallet that would be near impossible. Any attack would be devastating.  
I don't want to seem entirely against the idea of a client side JS wallet, I think they have potential. I just think we should be informed of their risks and such.
@_date: 2013-07-10 22:15:24
Honestly this conversation isn't really about the BF, I shouldn't have responded to that comment. Regardless we are right back where we started. As I said in my first reply, this is not a case of Bitcoin being Bitcoiners. The law firm was not full of Bitcoiners, as you put it. It was one guy in a group trying to convince others. That's why this deserves a spot here, if you ask me.
@_date: 2013-10-28 20:35:37
Ah, that's the spirit! I didn't want to assume you were cool with it so I was just being on the safe side.
Regardless I don't think we are gonna do the iframe method but I'll reach out somewhere down the line we may be able to collaborate etc...
@_date: 2013-10-30 08:22:32
I wouldn't be so threatening, that never ends well. Plus it's no different for them if you use it or not, they get their money either way. 
However if they begin to recognize patterns in credit card usage that signal they are not attending to customer needs they may decide to find out why people are using a third party to buy things on their site. Or perhaps enough customers will actually ask for it.
Bitcoin usage in the mainstream ecommerce world is near nonexistent atm, it's hard to justify for most at this point.
@_date: 2013-09-28 16:15:59
I still think this is a frivolous concern. No one is forcing you to use any of these payment processors. In my book centralization == forced use of financial institutions/3rd parties.
They are simply options in one's playbook.
@_date: 2013-11-10 18:50:45
You can't look at the technologies in the vacuum in which they were created. You must contextualize them as extensions of one another, otherwise you get a biased picture of their "importance," much like you just have. This is why fire is the most significant discovery in the history of man.
Regardless, I understand and appreciate your perspective, qualifying the importance of things against one another is usually a silly exercise. 
@_date: 2013-09-02 21:06:36
Because you don't trust yourself to store them securely. 
Not everyone wants to keep their Bitcoins under a mattress, so to speak. 
@_date: 2013-08-16 17:14:18
At least that was their worst mistake. 
@_date: 2013-09-08 23:04:25
ah yep you're right, still doesn't look like true [micropayments]( but I could be wrong.
@_date: 2013-10-03 12:21:33
What? I'm talking about an exploit similar to the Freedom Hosting situation. Doesn't matter what OS the server is using, the exploit uses JS to set a cookie that calls home with your real IP address. Once they have compromised the server they inject the js on the page and anyone who goes to the page has now been compromised.
@_date: 2013-08-17 17:20:19
Well FinTRAC has come out and explicitly said they are not looking to regulate Bitcoin exchanges, so that certainly counts for something.
Banks closing BitBusinesses != Canada hating on Bitcoin. That means Banks hate Bitcoin. No surprises there. 
Source: 
@_date: 2013-08-12 19:14:51
TTP = trusted third party.


You are correct, the initial broadcast must be done. That is not what I am talking about though.


^ That is the off chain aspect of micropayment channels I was referring to, sorry if that wasn't clear before.
@_date: 2013-09-11 07:04:50
Wow, way to turn a pleasant conversation sour. have a nice night. btw try not reading into things too much. life is easier that way.
@_date: 2013-11-14 19:59:10
Yes, people don't seem to understand this. As I mentioned in another thread, there are three types of regulations: regulation of the periphery (AML/KYC requirements), regulation of the protocol (putting a gun to gavin's head) and then a soft mix of the two (Coin Validation). 
BitLicense will [hopefully] be regulation of the periphery. While I am no supporter of regulations, this is the least harmful because you can just re-enable your favorite features of Bitcoin with a simple tumble or CJ tx. Coin Validation on the other hand, well that's a whole different beast and should be rejected full throttle.
@_date: 2013-09-13 15:05:24
It seems to have everything to do with AML laws, poor forethought on the behalf of mt gox and poor/shady business practices on the part of Vessenses. 
@_date: 2013-08-05 16:15:45
Okay, this is DEFINITELY a scam, I've got proof.
If you go to  and look at the team, look at the first picture. Now go here: 
They just took random images and made it the team. Be CAREFUL people don't put your money here.
None of the team exists on LinkedIn. I didn't bother reverse image looking up the rest of the team, but I'm sure it's all bogus. Given the retarded ROI you can be pretty sure this is a one way street to getting your coins jacked.
@_date: 2013-12-22 16:09:09


Comedy gold.
@_date: 2013-09-03 21:51:48
I'm going to respond one last time, as clearly you aren't going to listen anyway.
First of all, if you are making the argument that a decentralized solution to a centralized problem is bound for failure in a BITCOIN subreddit, you basically drop your credibility to 0.
But moving on, let's say you are in fact right. That there needs to be a central authority to maintain the nuances of an asset exchange. Why would Ripple be chosen over manipulation of the Bitcoin protocol that can allow for such assets to be traded instantly, all over the world (see:colored coins) that only require trusted third parties to back the assets, not to maintain the entire exchange platform? This is much more flexible and less prone to failure. These are the sort of things that are being built right now that will make Ripple obsolete.
And just because Google backed it doesn't mean it's gonna be some big hit. They have made some enormously atrocious [investments]( in the past that never panned out.
edit: oh and btw, Ripple did in fact make the early 'adopters' rich, aka the Ripple company printed money and hand it out for free, keeping half of it themselves for christ sake. If that's not early adopter favoritism, idk wtf is.
@_date: 2013-11-14 19:10:45
I think the most effective candidate for this position would be someone who is not biased towards reducing Bitcoin to a certain political or economic philosophy. Keep it practical and grounded in a real world capacity without getting into the relentless libertarian and anarcho captilalistic rhetoric. It won't fly.
They should come to the table with a deep understanding of the protocol; not just the high level stuff, but also lower level workings of the system. Without these ones ability to defend Bitcoin hits a glass ceiling; they might be able to explain why Bitcoin solves certain problems, but not how. In fact this is where most TV debates I see break down--the party defending Bitcoin has only a cursory or high level understanding of Bitcoin and as such cannot stand the test of even modest debate.
Also it is important that the debater immediately captures the entire Bitcoin landscape. Pull the perspective away from America and look at Bitcoin through the lens of bankless states with unstable currency and locales effected by capital controls etc..
Another one people usually miss out on is the protocol without the coin. I posted this on HN, so here it is so anyone who is debating can recite it:












@_date: 2013-09-07 17:35:35
Yea the article was about as clear as mud.
@_date: 2013-09-08 00:03:12
Okay, that's not how I read it. I would write something like this:




@_date: 2013-11-04 19:49:51
we can do both. today @ whole foods on houston most likely. 
@_date: 2013-07-06 20:41:42
The heart of the problem is client compatibility. New clients do not allow for a certain type of transaction signature that older clients allow for.
In this scenario you have two parties: the attacker and the merchant; the merchant must be using the old .8.1 client (or earlier) while most Bitcoin miners must have adopted newer (.8.2 and above) clients. 
How it happens:
1) Attacker sends this old transaction type to the merchant. 
2) Miners with new clients will not accept this transaction, thus causing a delayed confirmation time.
3) Attacker receives good/service from merchant (1-5 minutes)
4) If by the time the attacker complete step 3 the transaction has not been included in the next Bitcoin block (aka been confirmed by the network) the attacker initiates another transaction sending that same coin to himself, at another address. However, this time around the attacker makes the transaction compatible with new clients.
5) Because it is compatible with new clients, it will probably be confirmed first. 
Make sense?
@_date: 2013-08-04 16:53:39
You have no proof of that. They way LE works in these situations is they sit and wait. Take Operation Web Tryp, crder.su, or Farmers Market for example. Took many years to manifest, but when it did EVERYONE got busted, big time.
With SR you can imagine them sitting and waiting, running entry, exit, guard, and relay nodes, running packet analysis and slowly determining where the server is. Once they do that they will infiltrate it, just like the did above. Eventually there will be a big international bust. Many of the major dealers will get poppped, maybe even DPR himself. The SR servers will get shut down, and the party will be over.
Of course it could just pop up again somewhere else, but the point still stands: SR is vulnerable, and if you think it isn't you are dreaming my friend. 
@_date: 2013-11-11 21:07:01
Right, but the same principles apply to whatever the communication network in question is. Without said network, Bitcoin would be nonexistent. 
The disruptive nature of tech extends beyond the domain specific software that allows that tech to thrive. The rails on which the software operates are a necessary inclusion in the equation of disruptivity and as such without them, no level of disruption would be possible. This is what my original post tried to hint at.
@_date: 2013-11-15 02:43:20
True story, you probably sign that right away. 
@_date: 2013-06-28 02:17:37
Yes, thank you for putting it into context. 
I must say your situation is particularly interesting; definitely a special use case because the amount of Bitcoins a user withdraws != the amount put in given the conversion to fiat and then back out. 
So it sounds like if that's the case you might as well just set yourself up an account at an exchange. When a user submits Bitcoins you immediatley turn them into cash (because that's what you want). If a user wants to cash out in Bitcoins you just buy however much they are withdrawing from the account and send it it their BTC address and then subtract that from their balance.
No risk of Bitcoin volatility and you don't have to pay someone to do it. That may turn you into a MTB or MSB (ask your lawyer), which would then bring us back to square one. I wish I could be of more help. Thanks for bringing this up though I'm going to run this by some people. 
It comes to down to how much time you want to spend making this work, because you could [potentially] build this in your backend. Depends on what's going on. 
edit: Didn't notice but I guess this is what ploem was saying all along. 
double edit: It would also save you money in transaction fees; all those conversions will subtract from the total received by end user (or you, if you were to eat all the fees).
@_date: 2013-10-03 12:19:22
If the private keys were stored on the server it would be easy to seize the coins.
@_date: 2013-07-07 03:04:24
THanks for shedding some light on the matter. Re-watching your 2013 Conf talk now... 
@_date: 2013-07-22 19:10:55


That's a non sequitur. You can't just jump from one point to the next with no causative link joining the two ideas. Not to mention your point about it being physical--it already is. Is a Bitcoin on a hard drive or a piece of paper not tangible? Nothing about that changes what Bitcoin is. Nor would a storefront.


Correct, which is why it's best not to make a judgment about something which you are unfamiliar with. In the case of Bitcoin, having a storefront like this is not an affront to the protocol or the people who use it. No one behind the store is claiming to be the official representative of Satoshi or anything of the sort. Seems like this is a place to disseminate information and make it easy to buy coins. If they are making money off of it perhaps they will have to operate under anti-money laundering laws, but beyond that I see no issue with an establishment of this sort.
@_date: 2013-11-13 21:42:01
Well, the ones that are pushing for this (DATA, most likely) are culpable in my book. We all have special interests, but there is a fine line. I know a lot of these clowns personally, so I can at the very least say I've looked them in the eye.
Until now, I imagined only two kinds of regulations: regulations of the periphery (AML/KYC) and then regulation of the protocol (putting a gun to Gavin's head, and forcing a change).
The former being an acceptable cost of doing business; yes, privacy is lost, but the possibility to renable anonymity through CoinJoin, CoinSwap, etc... offset the concerns.
CoinValidation is a bit of both, because it not regulation of the protocol per se, but it limits the value proposition of the currency as a whole, and very much debilitates its flexibility and [obviously] its fungibility. It was only a matter of time before something like this happened, but the people behind come at a bit of a shock to me. I get asked to do things all the time, doesn't mean I do it. Clearly their morals are in the wrong place. 
The BF is already a joke (see:Peter Vessennes), so that needn't even be a discussion.
@_date: 2013-09-26 19:08:58
Of course it is, but imagine how much you would have to spend keeping the Bitcoins safe yourself. Not everyone has a secure location(s) or even the ability to print paper wallets and split the keys etc...
When you're coming in at &gt;=25K, getting professional service year after year and you don't have to worry the cost is (semi) justified. Especially if/when the price of Bitcoin really skyrockets. 
But 2% is not cheap, I will give you that. 
@_date: 2013-10-16 17:58:43
There are a [few](
@_date: 2013-10-05 19:33:27
No, it's more like an exchange machine. That is what it's doing, after all.
@_date: 2013-08-16 17:13:16
Not a bad piece by RT. Nice and even handed.
They did mixup the BST scam amount. Even at current valuation he stole like 60million but if memory serves he cashed out way before that. So it was nothing close to the 'billions' that the reporter claims. 
@_date: 2013-08-12 19:21:38
Correct. But subpoenas are not always malicious. If Coinsetter, BitInstant, and Co. have been following AML.KYC guidance they have nothing to fear. 
In fact this is an opportunity to begin a dialogue with the regulators, a necessary step for US-servicing Bitcoin businesses. I'll quote what I said in another thread:


@_date: 2013-11-08 00:56:31
They are held Monday, 5-7pm at the Whole Foods on houston st in the cafeteria. Too dark for u square now that it's winter. There is a facebook group where updates are posted the day of. A better announcment system is in the works. 
@_date: 2013-09-26 19:58:06
That has 0 connection the article at hand:


Or are you saying they are lying about updated the platform?
@_date: 2013-09-04 07:03:08
None of that is hard, obviously. Like you dutifully mentioned, compliance scripting is quite simple. Just set up conditions that monitor for various specific activity and auto generate and submit SARs, etc...
But your argument still falls short, for you are taking a narrow view. 
Say my business has 5000 retail and/or online agents in different jurisdictions all operating under my principal license. You have to have training programs, record keeping for multiple mediums, regualr audits of their systems, etc... As a principle agent you are liable for their actions. Most things can be automated, yes. But to have select control over all the moving parts of a multi layer cake you can't just write a few if conditions and call it a day. So your example holds if you operate autonomously. Hence the whole narrow view thing.
@_date: 2013-09-02 00:19:20
Clever idea, this looks useful. A coinpunk of sorts, but geared towards merchants. Looking through your proposal I don't see how one would go about setting this up on their site. Is it one-click? Does the merchant need technical skills? How quickly can this be set up? Do you have plans to integrate BIPs 70-72? These are some basic questions you should be answering on your site.
Also, just as point of reference, it's good practice NOT to take shots at your competitors working hard to make the Bitcoin ecosystem a better place. Yes they are trusted third parties, but you must recognize that not everyone can roll their own merchant services or even deploy one handed to them on a silver platter. For these people TTPs are appropriate and necessary avenues to mainstream adoption of Bitcoin. Yes it was Satoshi's vision to remove the most heinous of financial intermediaries, but that doesn't imply that there aren't use cases where TTPs can be useful and/or necessary (see:colored coins).
Also what exactly do you need the money for? Do you plan to hire a team to help? etc... you need to be detailed if you expect people to pledge money.
@_date: 2013-07-07 14:45:44
Not sure how you could possibly draw that conclusion, care to support it?
@_date: 2013-10-11 16:46:02
What Ken meant by this:


...is that even if you were going to buy something legal on SR (yea, right) it is in your best interest to count it as a loss. Going to them saying you were gonna buy an ebook will bring undue scrutiny on you and probably legal charges.
@_date: 2013-08-21 20:50:21
I think in that context one might assume that the 'half assed' job was done on purpose, but that's a tough theory to prove. 
@_date: 2013-09-07 23:26:40
I would highlight the monopolistic-leanings of the current and pending regulatory compliance regimes. [This]( article linked to earlier written by ~~Alan~~ Aaron Greenspan paints the picture quite well:


If you can be specific your efforts will go a long way. It's hard to say what exactly is wrong with this bill because I don't know the exact contents. Let me go see if I can find them.
In the end of the day the real tragedy (in the eyes of the regulator, these are NOT my views) would be if payment services in the US/California have to move outside the United States, risking money laundering completely outside the purview of the US government. If California wants to get ahead of the game they must not stifle innovation through onerous compliance programs, but instead embrace innovators and work side by side to minimize risk. If they do continue forward with these regulations they can be guaranteed to lose a huge amount of potential tax income while, again, losing any possibility of oversight of the movement of money that flows through these businesses.
@_date: 2013-11-02 23:55:58
What an erroneous answer.
Are these coins you were just sent? They may not be confirmed yet.
@_date: 2013-12-24 16:49:04
In other news, the Earth is round. 
@_date: 2013-10-07 23:59:00
People in their respective cities meetup in a predetermined location and trade btc for fiat! This was in nyc :)
@_date: 2013-09-07 22:23:10
I wouldn't force anything down his throat. I'd start simple and ask him if they have any plans to accept Bitocoins. See how he responds and work from there.
@_date: 2013-10-24 21:21:01
Nice. Peter thinks it needs some work though:




@_date: 2013-11-01 16:21:50
To be fair genjix, you screwed up big time with Bitcoinica. Leaving that off your resume is doing everyone who uses your product a huge disservice. Borderline lie. 
edit: by all means, downvote the truth.
@_date: 2013-09-19 04:08:37
Here is a good example of a useful micropayment channel: you go to a coffee shop. You want to use the internet; they charge .01 / 100MB. You could use your credit card to pay, but you'd rather remain private. PayPal and the like are out of the question. Oh look, they have Bitcoin option. Now you can save the proprietor money (no tx fee) and you can retain privacy while paying for how much you use (instead of some range-based subscription model).
No one expects people to charge / search on Google. If they did it would be something like .00001 / search and it would only be charged if you wanted to remove ads or something.
@_date: 2013-06-27 01:29:12
While it's a noble goal that's not a reasonable request at the moment. There are just not enough merchants in most locales that accept Bitcoin to make that a feasible reality. 
If you want to get around the MSB, MTB, etc... regulatory issues use things like localbitcoins, project buttonwood etc.. I daresay this is the beauty of Ripple, but people may hate on me for that. It is the true form of a decentralized (effectively unregulateable [besides the gateways, maybe]) exchange.
Obviously preach the BTC gospel wherever you can but don't expect people to accept it right off the bat. 5, 10 years before we can feasibly do what you want outside of major cities.
@_date: 2013-10-29 04:44:17


Think outside the box; you are stuck in the present. Things are always in development, especially when a dedicated adversary is present. None of the alt coins are what I am referring to. Bitcoin didn't appear out of thin air, it was a response to an attack on our financial freedom. We don't have Bitcoin 2.0 because Bitcoin 1.0 is still going strong and no one has come up with a better solution to the problem, and there are certainly much better solutions to the problem out there. That's for sure (just look at the scalability issues Bitcoin has, it's a big fuckin problem).


That's all we're talking about.


Dude, Bitcoin is an infant. An embryo. It's not worth their time yet, nor do they fully understand the depth of the threat and even if they did, orchestrating such an attack takes time and planning.
We're going in circles here. I could address the Bittorrent comment but we both know Bitcoin poses a larger existential threat to the financial stronghold (and all the benefits that come with it see:wars, monopolies on oil, etc...) of the dollar and other major currency candidates. As such more likely to see a different level of scrutiny.
They both are distributed networks yes, but that's just where the similarities end (at least in terms of perception of the importance of copyright vs. control over a financial paradigm).
Sometimes comparisons aren't right, especially when the two items being compared solve two different problems and one of them changes the world even for people who have no access to computers. Let's just agree to disagree.
@_date: 2013-09-03 18:09:33
We all know the world is bigger than the US, but for some of us the US is where we live and the country in which we plan to operate our business. Despite what people like plato14 might think, these posts are useful for companies wishing to operate above board in the US. Condescending is a matter of perspective, and clearly you have read too far into his words.
Honestly the only dickish thing I've read so far is your post, and it offers no real substantive value to the conversation here. Juan's points are clear and carry weight because it's the sobering truth for US-servicing Bitcoin businesses. You think Bitfloor had a compliance program like outlined [here]( Yea fucking right.
This shit is serious, so he says it with a serious tone. His words hold no weight outside the US, that's implicit in the conversation. The only person who thinks he is speaking to the world is you. So please, if this article doesn't pertain to you, keep your keyboard to yourself and let the rest of us discuss this like adults.
@_date: 2013-09-06 16:31:05
Not exactly, you would have to assume that the NSA would be connected to our MeshNet logging and analyzing packets of data.
If you read the article closely, there are some very serious implications here. In fact, it appears as if there are backdoors built in at the hardware level of some equipment, which would allow adversaries to debase any cryptography being used, meshnet or not.
Take for example Matt Mackall, former /dev/random/ maintainer who stepped down after Linus overrode his decision to not use Intel's hardware random number generator: 




This was later reversed, but things like this are all over the place, we must be extremely careful with what hardware/software combos we use. Things like SELinux (designed by the NSA, used by many) must now be gone through with a fine tooth comb.
@_date: 2013-11-02 04:18:37
There are many other Chinese Bitcoin exchanges not [listed](
chbtc is huge, idk what their three day volume is though.
@_date: 2013-10-03 01:23:44
If you are facing a dedicated adversary it is possible to pinpoint the originating IP address of a transaction. If you control a significant number of nodes you can monitor other nodes to see the first node to propgate a transaction. This would be the IP of one of the parties involved. 
@_date: 2013-11-13 21:36:10
I posted this on HN, but I will repost it here because it is relevant. The question was, what is the "intrinsic value" of Bitcoin:










@_date: 2013-10-28 22:37:53
I'm not sure I trust Schmidt to answer this question though.....
@_date: 2013-10-04 20:41:35
Well, this is going to get interesting fast.
@_date: 2013-12-28 03:45:53
Coinbase actually must be licensed. Here you are making an assumption about their operational capacities. They have a very close relationship with Silicon Valley Bank, and it appears (from the outside looking in) that SVB has extended their licenses to them directly. In my book there is no other way they would be operating legally.
I know from first hand experience that NY is denying BTC businesses until they work out their "BitLicense" shenanigans. And you are right, it was just a cease and desist that was sent to Cassicus, but the point still stands... they really do need a license :/
But hey, I may be wrong, and I would love to be. Either way I wish you the best of luck good sir!
@_date: 2013-09-30 01:07:37




@_date: 2013-09-17 15:06:58




It appears if you collect enough personally identifying information you can reverse the chargeback.
@_date: 2013-10-08 00:03:18
There is a very sketchy backstory to RealSolid, the person behind the site. Long story short, he was creating a coin called MicroCash, claimed he needed 250btc for the final phase of development. He took the cake and then disappeared, only to reappear months later and claim the funds were stolen. 
No one knows exactly who he is, so he could run off with your funds anytime and no one would have any recourse. 
@_date: 2013-10-28 19:56:54
Cool. Another question: your API relies on an iFrame; as I'm sure you are aware the security model for iFrames is very poor. Cross domain security especially. 
Is this the only option you plan to have for merchants, or is there (an)other solutions in the pipeline?
@_date: 2013-06-27 23:41:18
If you read the article you would know which business(man) he was talking about.
And if you think those are the two standout Bitcoin ventures in the ecosystem right now you need to do your research.
RE the original post: I haven't listened to the LTB interview yet so I won't comment on CAVirtex yet.
@_date: 2013-08-04 16:59:13
As always people, if you are running Tor Browser Bundle correctly, you are immune to these hacks. Use NoScript to block JS on the page, EVEN if you trust the site owners!
@_date: 2013-07-24 03:44:11
Okay, the test page did not work properly for me at first, so I did not see the amount. I figured you were asking for more significant sums.


You see, not all scams are so straightforward. They can lure you in, operating above board at first. Garnering support from the community, then BOOM one day gone, everyones money taken. I'm not accusing you of being a scammer outright, I'm just a hardened Bitcoin user who has seen it all. I use the precautionary principle, as other always should. 


Technically, you are a money service business. In fact, you are subject to AML and KYC based on the nature of your business (which, if I had to guess is a complete violation of Moneypak TOS... but that's another story).
Please don't take this as an attack. As the owner/operator of this site you should prepare yourself for conversations like these. It is only natural that they will arise.
@_date: 2013-08-12 19:47:33
I hear you mate. He's a tool with an army of pigs.
Thankfully this is out of his reach.
@_date: 2013-06-14 23:20:21
Worse has happened.
@_date: 2013-08-19 16:06:35
We will keep that in mind, I won't autodownvote but I will be scrutinizing your work a bit more. Thanks for responding at the very least. 
@_date: 2013-07-23 21:57:28


@_date: 2013-09-13 03:52:11
I said none of those things. CoinLab is not registered in most states, you can just look it up. They claimed they had some magic regulatory loophole. Even if they did, that's not sustainable.
Shame on mt gox for taking the bait but the facts are the facts. Coinlab needed to be registered at a certain date per the agreement. They were not, and happened to grab a load of gox money in the process. Now imagine if they were dumb enough to use some of that cash...
@_date: 2013-09-02 21:57:06
You're pulling at straws here mate. Did you not see what I said about insurance? Not to mention most coins can be stored offline (see: Coinbase, 90% of their coins are stored offline at any given time), making them much more difficult to steal. 
But you are right: Bitcoin is fungible, that makes it difficult to pin down. That's a huge selling point. But does that mean there shouldn't be Bitcoin banks? Lol, no. Just because a bank can be robbed of cash, should it not store cash in its vault? 
edit: if we hope for a bright future of bitcoin, you can easily imagine services that insure your coins. why should you deny this possibility?
@_date: 2013-10-16 21:31:31
I wonder what Chase's public response will be. They will probably conjure up some nonsense excuse. 
@_date: 2013-09-03 14:35:38
I posted this comment on HN, but it deserves a spot here as well:
'Sweetest' use cases? Well that depends on who you ask, of course.
IMO, the value proposition of Bitcoin's underlying protocol is enormous. You can strip away the coin and manipulate the protocol for alternative use cases, such as carbon dating (voting, prior art, etc...) [1], carbon emissions trading platforms [2], the preservation of open data [3], reputation scoring for TTPs [4], messaging systems [5], decentralized asset exchanges [6], etc...
As for more traditional use cases Bitcoin obviously shines in bankless states with weak national currencies. In the same vein Bitcoin offers protection from seizure of funds during bail-ins and the like. In the context of donations Bitcoin is awesome as well; without Bitcoins wikileaks would have some trouble accepting donations. The list is endless, really. Every use case is powerful.
[1] CommitCoin: 
[2] CarboCoin: 
[3] 
[4] 
[5] BitMessage
[6] BitShares, MasterCoin, Freimarkets
@_date: 2013-10-08 02:33:07
k yes you're right, ego got the best of me.
edit: lol downvote.
@_date: 2013-08-15 03:29:02
Honestly CS you guys aren't looking at the big picture.
You need to step up your game and stop crying regulatory nonsense. Yea it's tough in the US -- but cmon' there are plenty of other jurisdictions out there that you can operate without a license (e.g. CA and EU). Get with the program!
FYI you technically need licensing in the US for what you are doing now--don't think you can get away with what you are doing forever! (idc what your lawyer said, you are in for a rude awakening if you keep it up!)*
an IPO won't help with your problems, don't mislead people into thinking it will.
*i say this with love, may sound dickish but it's all the truth. 
@_date: 2013-08-12 18:18:27
No need to get frustrated mate. All we are asking for is a 3rd party audit done by one member of the community. If you've come this far already what is the harm in taking an extra step?
You just keep sidestepping and answering all the wrong questions, lengthening the discussion, running in circles. Please help us help you.
@_date: 2013-07-17 03:21:06
Yep, great stuff.
@_date: 2013-07-15 20:50:19
Evolution graphic on page 16 made me lol.
Great job GB, this is a very nice compilatory exercise in the going-ons of the Bitcoin ecosystem this year. Much respect.
@_date: 2013-09-25 05:20:22
So you can only set the asset name? Will you be able to define any other attributes in the future?
@_date: 2013-08-12 14:53:41
NY, TX, an CA kind of set the AML bar for most other states, so the more likely scenario is US-based Bitcoin businesses will be avoiding the US entirely and doing business elsewhere (e.g. Canada and EU). Coinsetter is doing this, as is my company.
@_date: 2013-10-07 22:08:30
in the bank of america building 
@_date: 2013-09-11 00:09:49
It's not a new bank account. Joe the conman digs through your garbage, finds your bank account number, maybe sniffs your open wireless, finds out your details go signs up for coinbase with your name and links your bank account and buys coins with your money. 
@_date: 2013-10-03 01:13:20
That's a good point. We will see, perhaps the FBI has alerted local authorities or they are purposely holding back news reports of busts so anybody who thinks of running won't when they don't read any bust stories. That's more on the unlikely side though.
@_date: 2013-07-24 05:05:39
Well according to FinCEN, Bitcoins are like traveler's cheques. So the SEC isn't doing anything out of place here nor are they setting a precedent. 
@_date: 2013-08-24 04:24:18
Please beware, 2FA is only as strong as the implementation. It is known that using a mtgox yubikey on blockchain.info will compromise its integrity. 
For example: 
@_date: 2013-08-29 02:11:14
haha you are a hardened warrior, friend
@_date: 2013-07-12 03:38:02
Thanks for the heads up.
@_date: 2013-09-08 03:20:49


Past performance is not proof of future success. Standing back from the DAC Daniel presents, there is some substance to his arguments RE future mining centralization. The nature of Bitcoin's POW lends towards a specialization in mining hardware, and an increasing amount of that specialized hardware will be needed to maintain increasing difficulty and ensure network security. You can't escape that.
Special interests in Bitcoin will grow as the technology proliferates, as will the interests of those who wish to subvert the network. As such the former group will do everything in their power to maintain a secure ecosystem, and (as we have seen) this will require increasingly large investments into hardware.
Even if, as you say, miners are willing to join the network regardless of turning a profit there is something you are forgetting: turning a profit is somewhat reflective of the use value and 'protection' you offer the network. If you are mining at no profit for the 'benefit' of the network you are partially self deluded. If you want to help out and don't care for an ROI, run a node. [this might anger some redditors, but I am just speaking in practical truths]


No one is saying they would do so willingly. Given the technical prowess of the NSA it isn't too far off to think that if they were non compliant they could be hacked, ddos'd, thrown in jail, etc... In the face of such an adversary one might choose to offload the pressure and dissolve their pool or worse yet they could have a 'cartellian' like event and their families could be held hostage by a malicious entity. The list goes on really. You have to assume the worst and plan accordingly. 
@_date: 2013-10-19 05:53:40
Interesting. Seems like a quick turnaround from their previous [statement](


Would like some clarification but for now it looks like you just need to "verify" customers, not get a license.
@_date: 2013-11-24 22:38:06
At this point I think it's time for the community to detach itself from gaining the acceptance of Peter. Yea, he has a big following, but he is not the first and certainly not the last ignormaous to attack Bitcoin. His arguments don't hold weight and the more we feed him with our concern about his opinion the worse he will get.
Time will tell the tale that he is wrong, no need to continue kicking a dead horse. Dude doesn't know what he is talking about, so let's stop trying to force the truth down his throat. 
@_date: 2013-11-14 19:26:00
What's ironic about this entire scenario is that Coin Validation will actually destroy the usefulness (and thus the long term value) of Bitcoin, and such a method is representative of a deep, gross misunderstanding of the protocol. Adam Beck says it most [poignantly](






@_date: 2013-07-08 13:57:42
'It' as in climate change? Lol you're right, melting glaciers and increased sea levels are a hoax.
Whether or not this is caused by humans is up for debate, but our environment is absolutely changing; if you choose to ignore that I can't help you mate.
@_date: 2013-11-15 02:56:26
Well in the past they have made statements to the effect of 'Bitcoin is not legal in all jurisdictions in which we operate, thus all wallet apps are banned'. Although gliph slipped through the cracks. 
This was long before FinCEN guidence. Times have changed but still the same policy. It's time they changed their tune. On mobile can post link later. 
@_date: 2013-08-16 16:07:04
So how are payment processors like BitPay exempt and exchangers are not?
edit:nm, i get it.
@_date: 2013-07-21 17:16:36
The only point of making LocalBitcoins a hidden service would be to protect the anonymity of the responder (aka LB), which like someone said is pointless since we know the founder.
It seems silly to use tor with LocalBitcoins, because you end up f2f with someone at some point to get the cash or you may reveal your identity when giving payment methods. There are better uses for tor IMHO.
@_date: 2013-11-25 01:51:58
I wouldn't be suprised if they are cooking fees into the price as well.
@_date: 2013-11-03 18:27:47
That sounds like a cop out excuse to me. That's cool about Nov 5th and all, but you are ignoring all the Satoshi Squares.
You want to get all the Satoshi Square's to meet at the same time but you don't want to plan with the ones that already exist to make it work. You want to set your own date and time and then claim it's in the name of decentralization? lol cmon that makes no sense.
Of course you can do whatever you want, don't let me stop you. But I can tell you NYC and other cities won't be changing the date, simply because we have a large group of people who are committed to Monday who have changed their schedules around to make it work. 
@_date: 2013-12-06 05:44:17
More business for Bitcoin companies! Happy days my friends.
@_date: 2013-08-03 22:58:57


No, it's not. Child pornographers would never regulate or otherwise block Bitcoin rising to prominence, that doesn't mean we should support them.
Not to mention no US governmental body has tried to 'block' Bitcoin from rising to prominence, they have only tried to situate businesses servicing the ecosystem in such a manner that they abide by preexisting AML laws. No one has forced the core devs to change the source code. That would be regulating Bitcoin. Anything else is peripheral noise.
If you'd like to vote sure, let's do it. I'm no majoritarian so I can't say that the appropriate outcome will be delivered through such a method.
@_date: 2013-10-15 22:19:43
You may not have, but a passive attacker won't be able to tell that from the signature. 
edit: actually im not sure about that. lemme ask someone to answer 
@_date: 2013-10-28 19:46:42
Sorry, that doesn't make sense to me. If it costs you significant overhead to have an account with 0 balance, I'd be more than a little confused.
Explain please.
@_date: 2013-08-29 05:20:28
And this kids is why you use the testnet when playing with new toys.
@_date: 2013-09-20 01:57:40
Haha, not after this thread they won't :p
@_date: 2013-09-08 20:29:33
Nice chatting mate. Always real.
@_date: 2013-10-04 00:08:34
Haha nice, you renamed it! Good decision, but putting the d at the end still sounds like daemon, but it could be worse I guess.
@_date: 2013-08-13 22:44:02
Cool, thanks for the correction. Edited my post. 
@_date: 2013-09-20 06:32:28
haha thanks ;p
@_date: 2013-07-26 19:43:11
Silicon Valley Bank has also expressed interest (on paper and in practice) in servicing the Bitcoin community.
@_date: 2013-07-06 23:36:59


This looks quite interesting, anyone have subscription access to this? Wish they took Bitcoin, lol.
@_date: 2013-09-19 06:25:51
Someone needs to translate [The Bitcoin Primer]( into German ASAP. 
@_date: 2013-10-18 03:28:29


FWIF, a hidden service on tor is not decentralized, as it is simply a service running on a server whose location is obfuscated.
A decentralized marketplace would require an application that connects directly P2P, not [peer &lt;-&gt; server &lt;-&gt; peer]. 
@_date: 2013-12-24 03:21:09
Well, "too much" is relative... but nice calculations, thanks. 
@_date: 2013-10-31 19:44:00
Let's pray all the hard work the BF did talking to regulators and three letter agencies does some good. Here's for hoping.
@_date: 2013-11-29 22:07:23
Raising the block size is not a free lunch; in fact, it threatens to change the node landscape significantly, so much so that one day we could see the number of full nodes running drastically reduced. For more info, check out the [keepbitcoinfree]( project, ~~headed up by Peter Todd.~~
@_date: 2013-08-15 16:10:00
Only way to find out for sure is to call and see if they will tell you.
@_date: 2013-08-12 16:53:34
So we just have to trust that Havelock has done all due diligence on you guys and that the assets you have are real and liquid?
All for 20% of your company with no proven revenue. For 3 million? You aren't making this easy for us or yourselves.
@_date: 2013-09-09 15:29:44
Okay, let me explain how a multi signature transaction works. m of n, means that you need x numbers of signatures to facilitate a transaction.
Signatures are signed with a private key. When you create a transaction you designate x number of private keys to that y number of Bitcoins. To release those Bitcoins you need to sign the transaction with x-1 of those private keys.
edit: in case that wasn't clear, you hand out one of those private keys to each party involved (in reality the parties just send the pub key to the person generating the tx)
@_date: 2013-07-16 01:40:41
The lovely gentleman heading up this bank gave a talk about it at the San Jose conference.... 
They are looking for devs! 
@_date: 2013-09-14 02:33:43
Reactivity [in any situation] is a reflection of one's emotional attachment to the subject(s) at hand. In a perfect world when presented with an idea one will do their diligence, gain a firm grasp of the concept and then make a judgment about said thing. But that rarely happens.
With Bitcoin high reactivity stems from a few things. Firstly, Bitcoin offers a shift in thought paradigm, and as such requires one to let go of what is their engendered definition of money and the power hierarchies on which it is built. That's a lot to swallow for someone who [more likely than not] has lived like a sheep their entire life, accepting norms instead of questioning them. Bitcoin stares you in the face and says - fuck what you think, I'm better than what you have and here is why {enter protocol}. This is scary and emotionally distressing for someone who cannot separate themselves from their beliefs. 
Second it's a complicated subject. For some, when presented with the unknown the immediate response is not to learn about that thing, but to fear it. From fear stems anger, from anger stems reactivity. When people at the top of the media food chain (see: Paul Krugman, Fox News, etc...) have such deep seeded emotional handicaps and political pressures they can quickly infect those around them with exaggerations of the truth, over-hypothecated theories, and incomplete research. From there it just spreads outward. 
edit:haha, didn't read the replies before i posted. potatobadger posted a similar thing. nice :)
@_date: 2013-11-01 17:31:16
I wish you well. Good luck guys.
@_date: 2013-09-19 16:28:10
I'm all for the evangelism but there are people who have money on the line here (Winklevii, etc...), not to mention there are still very few ways to buy Bitcoins with cash in the US outside of LB. They had a good service; I don't see why at the very least they couldn't roll back to a working site for the time being, while the developed their next version. That's what confuses me.
If they are having regulatory issues then I will give him a pass, but they used to love talking about being licensed up and ready to go. Plus they would also be lying to the public if that was the case. The whole situation is odd. I've had a few conversations/listened to talks by Charlie where he says we will be back in 1 week, 2 days, 5 days, I've heard it all at this point.
@_date: 2013-10-29 19:30:17


For that use case, you are right. This product is worthless.
But imagine you get paid in Bitcoin, I know I do. Now I am faced with the exact opposite scenario as you. I would have to go convert my btc to USD just to buy something I want!
but fair nuff, we can agree to disagree :)
@_date: 2013-06-23 20:01:42
I wrote up a summary of the original paper for anyone interested... 
@_date: 2013-08-21 21:11:51
...unless there is warrant for the contents or your mail is passed through the hands of one of the many thieving postal workers :)
@_date: 2013-08-12 20:51:25
These are not genuine ATMs. They are exchange booths, that should be made more clear.
...which is also the unfortunate reason we won't see them here in the US anytime soon (unless they partner up with a licensed MSB).
@_date: 2013-08-29 05:32:47
Well, someone could try and login and see if operations have in fact been suspended. Or see if the links in the email are phishy. 
But if true this is really unfortunate. I was excited for the first active Bitcoin business-IAFCU partnership. I hope we have more details soon, no use speculating. Makes my heart hurt.
@_date: 2013-07-07 17:41:46
Yes, it is cryptographically secure carbon credit trading.
@_date: 2013-12-01 07:20:37
This isn't pre-crime. He [allegedly] carried out the negotiations and agreed upon a sum to have people murdered. No minority report here...
@_date: 2013-09-02 22:45:34
Well that conversation was a bigger waste of time than I had hoped for.
@_date: 2013-11-08 20:28:01


All the post-show nonsense aside, his argument has 0 basis in factual reality. The essence of his critiques were nothing more than "Bitcoin is a joke" because it is not backed by 'anything'.
He argues that fiat is good because it is legal tender; he forgets that gold is not legal tender as such, but is still valuable. If the other commentator bothered to point this out, the conversation would have been over. Any argument he would make after that is invalidated.
He sounds a little butthurt at this point, but a 'what-for' response from the community is to be expected when you sensationally attack something a lot of people care about. He didn't even carry himself with grace... pompous clown.
@_date: 2013-07-25 06:30:02
Thank you, I did.
@_date: 2013-06-12 15:00:03
Not to $20....
@_date: 2013-07-21 20:48:03
Yep no doubt about that. I haven't heard of any locales persecuting Bitcoin users, but it is a reasonable concern. 
What I meant with my post is that because the payment methods are not entirely anonymous, tor does not obfuscate your dealings, it just spoofs where the traffic is coming from. So the payment details give you away. 
@_date: 2013-08-04 23:38:12
A preliminary analysis of the exploit: 
@_date: 2013-07-26 15:12:03
This. I spoke to a dev ops guy last week and there is too much ambiguity in the Bitcoin space for them to even bring it to some of their labels. It wouldn't sit well.
They have two types of customers, they must cater to both. 
@_date: 2013-07-19 04:12:02
Not true. In the eyes of FinCEN Bitcoins are treated similarly to traveler's cheques. Your business could be Bitcoin only and (depending on the case) still subject to AML.
@_date: 2013-08-16 19:39:48
+killerstorm 0.02 verify
@_date: 2013-08-24 04:46:47
Nobody thinks they can do anything for crypto currencies. You guys are reading WAY to far into this.
Let me lay it out for you: right now regulatory requirements as it relate to Bitcoin are entirely periphery. None of them actually effect the protocol on the most fundamental level--they are simply AML/KYC requirements. This is a fact of life at the moment, you can choose to ignore it or play by the rules and change from within. 
This survey is asking if the preexisting requirements are too onerous, and if so why. That is all. Thus this is an opportunity for bitcoin businesses to speak out in favor of lowering some of the requirements. Point being, if enough people enter thoughtful responses, their voices will be heard. Whether or not anything comes about of it is another question entirely.
While I appreciate and identify with your arguments, what good are they without action/substance behind them?
@_date: 2013-07-10 05:23:48
Given the context (or lackthereof) I think that's an appropriate perspective. However, the plans could be easily tweaked to require a scrypt or other more cpu-appropriate hashing algorithm. 
The details here aren't really what matter if you ask me. It's the idea; once it's out of the bag you never know what can stem from it. Legitimate companies can pick up the idea and build out on their platform. Sky is the limit. 
edit: i dont mean to take a side, just want to wait for more info before I make a judgment.
@_date: 2013-09-20 06:22:47
...i nominate you to do the diligence on that one 
@_date: 2013-09-02 22:58:47


Totally. At best you could set up one-click modules for major online e-commerce platforms.


I hear you mate. I'd recommend at the very least putting this in the Project Development subforum of the bitcointalk forum, you will get valuable feedback there.
@_date: 2013-10-04 14:46:02
For early iterations of a site, customizing Bootstrap can be a pain in the ass. When you want the functionality out there in the wild so people can enjoy your product, looks don't always come first. But you have a point, there should be more customization out there.
If you (or others) are scared away from a site because they use bootstrap templates you should reconsider your criteria for judging a site's use value.
@_date: 2013-09-03 21:28:30
I didn't know they had such shady practices. Source?
@_date: 2013-10-26 13:20:29
thnks brother, just spreading the love. ask me anything, although i will say my one post about 5 paradoxes in bitcoin is nonsense and completely wrong :)
@_date: 2013-08-15 19:46:43
They answer quite a few questions in their AMA: 
@_date: 2013-09-19 18:38:10
Reverse BitPay, I've been waiting for one of these to pop up.
The payment options are a bit sparse, and slow


Not cheap
But looks cool no less. Not easy to accept CC for BTC unless you collect a ton of personally identifying info to fight potential chargebacks so I get the limited option range.
The people behind this also wrote [btcd]( so they definitely have a good grasp on this whole Bitcoin thing :)
@_date: 2013-08-14 02:19:17
lol judgment free zone.


Yea, in the end of the day it comes down to who defines the criteria for that list and is it worthy of the weight put behind it. A huge chunk of laundered money is sourced to drug-related crime, a black market sustained by backwards laws (imo) that later act as the broken pedestal on which much AML/KYC justification stands. 
In the end of the day if drugs were legal most money laundering would be reserved for terrorists and organized crime syndicates that wouldn't be stupid enough to move their money through regulated avenues in the first place. So the AML/KYC becomes pointless.
Unfortunately we are in cycle of crony capitalism so the main driving factor to regulatory compliance isn't catching the Bad Guy, it's (like you said) stifling competition. In a perfect world AML/KYC could be relatively benign, but we can't trust our officials so it sucks.  What you said is also part of the problem:


Couldn't have said it better myself. 


Yea unfortunately we do live in a police state. I mean you guys have it pretty tough too; I hear stories about your customs security and i've watched a season or two of underbelly (lol, sry that was bad).
In the end of the day I want Bitcoin to spread, and to get it to the masses you have to break down barriers to entry. That requires trusted third parties that inevitably face regulatory compliance. It is what it is. If you don't want to give your details use another service. i think if you want to change the system you have to do it from the inside out, not the outside in. One step forward, half back. We'll get there.
sry i was OT there too just had to say it
@_date: 2013-10-18 08:12:19
To the first question, there are three camps (and subdivisions therein) that I am aware of: those who say yes it will centralize and it's a problem, those who say it doesn't matter if it does, and finally there are those who think centralization is non-issue because it will never happen.
Will it be a problem if it happens? It could be, yes... depends on who you ask and what the context is. The main concern is that these large mining operations could be vulnerable to attacks by malicious entities who are attempting a 51% attack. A counter to this point is that the operators of these farms will be highly professional and have extremely hardened security. 
Another concern is that they could have too much power and start selecting which transactions do and don't get accepted into blocks. This is a tricky one to solve if there are, let's say, 5 major mining operations who could easily collude with one another it would be hard to stop them.
On the flip side, some say centralization won't matter because pools are the everyman's savior, and that if nefarious activity by the pool operator is detected, people can up and move to another pool. Or that P2Pool is the answer. IMO, if the total hashing power continues to raise at this rate for an extended period pools will have difficulty keeping up with institutional miners who can cheaply and quickly upgrade their machines because they are closer to the manufacturing side, among other things.
I don't know what you mean by this though:


2) Bitcoin's scalability issues manifest in a number of ways, the size of the blockchain is one of them. Some will argue that the continued reduction in cost for data storage will aide in this issue, but more likely we will see most wallets being SPV nodes, with just the headers of the blocks stored. Then there will probably be major 3rd parties, universities, hobbyists, and others who will maintain the full ledger. But more than enough willing participants to distribute the burden and avoid risk.
3) Given the tactical advantage and technical prowess of the NSA, it would be relatively trivial for them to filter all network calls to the blockchain. At this point they could spoof them, dead them, or something worse. Perhaps they could fracture the blockchain for Americans or who knows what else they would think up.
@_date: 2013-07-09 19:38:27
He says in a comment: 


@_date: 2013-10-24 00:46:01
Yea... normative gender roles ftw! /s
@_date: 2013-07-07 01:38:14
edit: you're right. replace-by-fee is not perfect
@_date: 2013-07-28 01:48:40
The legality/legal nature of Bitcoin has not yet been argued in a US courtroom. Bitcoin will most certainly get its day in court, perhaps even in the Coinlab v. MtGox suit. 
Because the legal definition of Bitcoin is so ambiguous, it could lead to odd interpretations of past law depending on the motives of the prosecution. Here is some info as to why unbiased interpretation of the law is key to Bitcoin's success in the US: 
@_date: 2013-09-11 05:00:10
Not everyone checks their banking statement regularly. It's called fraud. It happens. No use arguing mate.
@_date: 2013-10-06 15:29:19
Interesting. I had figured they went away for so long because they were gonna come back with way more (e.g. wallet) then they left with. Guess not...
@_date: 2013-09-28 15:10:00
Unless some [CoinCovenant]( was applied to a transaction that spent the colored coins, the Bitcoins in question will always be fungible.
@_date: 2013-08-05 16:11:45
Okay, this is DEFINITELY a scam, I've got proof.
If you go to  and look at the team, look at the first picture. Now go here: 
They just took random images and made it the team. Be CAREFUL people don't put your money here. 
edit: none of the team exists on LinkedIn. I didn't bother reverse image looking up the rest of the team, but I'm sure it's all bogus. Given the retarded ROI you can be pretty sure this is a one way street to getting your coins jacked. 
@_date: 2013-08-29 21:04:24
A decentralized exchange panel? Cool! 
Lots of interesting names/companies I haven't heard of. Looking forward to watching these talks. 
@_date: 2013-07-10 22:29:52
haha gotta love teh internets
@_date: 2013-10-31 23:03:40
Actually no, I know exactly what was said (except for some of the specifics) because I know one of the people who was there personally. It was an informative discussion for both sides, and it was more in the spirit of dispelling myths and creating a dialogue between the two sides than anything else. 
@_date: 2013-11-22 21:20:39
You should come out to one of the many NYC Bitcoin meetups: [Bitcoin NYC]( [BitDevs]( (disclaimer, my meetup), [NY Bitcoin Startups]( and Satoshi Square Monday 5-7pm at the Whole Foods on Houston St in the cafeteria.
You just might find someone interested.
@_date: 2013-10-25 14:43:19
Keep it coming guys. Good work.
@_date: 2013-07-14 05:12:10
I'm worried that Safaricom is not gonna just lie down and let this happen. 
Historically have they been open to competition? Has there ever even been competition to the M-Pesa (I don't know, I'm asking)?
@_date: 2013-10-18 17:29:25
Sorry, I thought that was implicit in my comment.
@_date: 2013-08-05 19:26:24
Yea, more suspicious info: 
@_date: 2013-12-24 15:47:39
It's best just not to read articles like these and get sucked into the emotional justifications of naysayers. Not worth the wasted energy.
While I couldn't be bothered to read the whole thing, a lot of the problems I saw mentioned will correct in time (see: infrastructure being built, volatility), and it seems like this guy is butthurt he didn't get in earlier. Anyone who learns all they know about Bitcoin from op eds and NPR really shouldn't be taken seriously. 
tbch I'm dissapointed with ars on this one.
@_date: 2013-08-17 18:10:51
Yea, Marco knows his stuff. Couldn't have said it better myself:


As for part 2, things are gonna get messy. I hope this kind of thing acts more like public shaming of the US for applying such onerous state-by-state licensing on Bitcoin businesses. As a founder myself there are some days I just want to throw in the towel and give up, the idea of finding licensed people who are willing to give up their competitive advantage are few and far between; getting licenses yourself is effectively out of the question for any bootstrapped startup.
Thankfully Canada, EU, and other locales are more friendly (although this VAT tax by Germany could slow things down), so there are outlets for US-based startups that can't overcome regulatory hurdles. Companies will just flow outward (e.g. coinapult to panama) if they can't do business in the US.
@_date: 2013-11-26 06:25:26
Well, I [can't]( say I'm at all surprised, although that does no good to the victims of another RealSolid scam.
The question is what can we do in the future to reduce the risk of this happening? It's clear that calling out xyz conman as a scammer from day one isn't enough. I think at the very least an exchange/wallet service provider should be required to have their identity confirmed by a third party so they can be held accountable when they decide they sip and dip with the customer funds.
That's no guarantee the money will be returned but at least *something* could be done (depending on their jurisdiction, of course).
@_date: 2013-09-17 15:33:37
I'd venture to say that when countries truly begin to collapse cryptocurrencies might be the thing that saves them....
@_date: 2013-12-22 02:55:05
Correct. You will recieve your coins, although the operation is a bit ameturish. The guy who runs it does it all manually, so you never know what exchange rate you will get. They also run out of coins fairly often. 
My main concern is that they are operating illegally, so if your money happens to be in their bank account when it gets shut down you will be SOL.
@_date: 2013-07-25 06:42:04
Okay so let's say a future case 'harkens' back on this one (can't imagine why they would considering no precedent was set). What ill will could be gained from that? None, why you ask? Because nothing here was a judgment on Bitcoin, this is simply a case of a scammer being brought to justice. Nothing new here.
This scammer happened to use Bitcoin, thus the SEC thought it appropriate to remind people that they can be scammed via virtual currencies. You've got nothing to go on here mate, I'm sorry. If they SEC had deemed Bitcoin as an investment under its regulatory umbrella as you incorrectly stated earlier, then we'd be having a whole different conversation. 
But they didn't.
@_date: 2013-08-16 17:03:05


You can't ask that question if you don't answer it yourself. This whole thread seems to be lacking in substance. What exactly do you see yourself doing to stop the gov from doing KYC/AML?
@_date: 2013-07-08 01:09:46
He could be both; often security-unconscious vendors use the name pseudonym to buy and sell, exposing their identity to other vendors. I haven't studied the documents nor do I know if they even say how he was involved in the SR community (although you could just search his SR post/feedback history).
@_date: 2013-10-18 03:34:28


Care to cite that source? (ps: you won't be able to)
edit: let me be a bit more clear. Satoshi says this in the whitepaper:


You have read too far into his words. What he is implying is that you should not HAVE to use a financial institution, but that doesn't necessarily mean all financial institutions are bad. 
doubleedit: and FWIW, Bitcoin in its current form is not sustainable without some mechanism to offload the burden of massive network load once it really takes off. There are serious issues with scalability, and 3rd parties will be able to solve them to an extent.
@_date: 2013-06-12 17:38:47
Fair enough, but I believe Bitcoin has grown beyond such drastic sway of SR. At most we will see an initial dip from SR vendors selling their coins, but beyond that there is enough business outside of SR that things will be alright. Only time will tell I guess...
@_date: 2013-09-19 02:02:19
Yea, it's a shame you can't edit titles here on reddit. With a title like this we will see FUD (a la Thailand) in the next 3-5 days. 
It's up for review. period.
edit: to be honest, I would go as far as deleting this and reposting it. it has only been up for 3 hours. let's stop this before it starts.
double edit: looks like the press coverage doesn't match the actual submission to parliment. i guess he really wants it banned, but there is still an investigation/inquiry first.
@_date: 2013-08-26 05:19:56


@_date: 2013-07-07 22:55:51
The LE agency would set up a honeypot account on the marketplace in question. They would then lure in the customer, get them to send Bitcoins and their shipping details under the guise of a drug sale.
LE would then do a controlled delivery or watch the suspect to uncover other members of their network. 
@_date: 2013-10-15 03:17:18
gmaxwell propsed a [solution]( to this:


(a deterministic way to generate the DSA nonce), presumably one based
on HMAC-SHA512 (since BIP32 uses that construct) or SHA256 in the
style of RFC 6979.


new. It effected other systems before it effected Bitcoin systems,
it's not a new problem and it's not going away.  It's difficult to
tell if an implementation is correct or not.


vectors in signing and complete confidence that there is no random
number related weakness in a signing implementation.
@_date: 2013-09-07 23:55:18
Not exactly. If a company is doing remittance worldwide it is within reason to think that they will have a tight control of the addresses used and the platform on which they are leveraged. It is simple to trust an address if you are the one who created it. As such you could do 0 conf transactions with no transaction fee quite easily. Or better yet completely off chain transactions that require no mining at all.
@_date: 2013-07-14 05:21:24
I'll be honest the product description turned me off big time. I didn't finish the survey because the context was not straightforward enough to help me answer the questions appropriately. 
Remember, you are pitching this to people on the outside looking in, not the other way around. 
@_date: 2013-06-11 15:54:39
You too seem to have missed the point... but in this case its because you didn't finish reading the article.
I am not a fan of government oversight per se, but it is necessary to accept the facts of reality. The main one being, and I quote: " Without such a regulatory framework, fear of an uncertain outcome for Bitcoin will stifle adoption in the US (and similar countries). It is important to appeal to the greatest possible audience."
Perhaps you should finish the article before you jump to conclusions and start spewing fire. Next.
@_date: 2013-08-17 03:58:11
It's &gt;100 random connections. 40 was the comparison. spot on for the rest tho
@_date: 2013-06-14 16:15:12
I'm confused... are you looking for advice about how to educate individuals on Bitcoin in general or dealing with regulatory issues?
@_date: 2013-10-28 18:49:40
Yea, people are working on a better option. There are some legal issues people are concerned with, so [they] are treading with caution.
Whole Foods will probably not be the final location for winter.
@_date: 2013-10-09 05:03:02
Ripple is much more than just XRP. Once people realize that it is easier to see the benefits of the rest of code base. 
@_date: 2013-06-10 16:34:26
Grok, haha never heard that word... nice!
A deprogramming syllabus sounds interesting. Do you have any examples I can look at?
@_date: 2013-12-21 08:47:04
Good question. Off the top of my head, I think any ebay-like digital marketplace might benefit from such a schema, as well as a scenario when an employer is unsure if a freelancer will complete their job as promised. This might be good for betting without a trusted third party methinks.
You are basically putting up a fidelity bond in such a manner that if you fail to hold up your end of the bargain you sacrifice your collateral to the other party. I need to read it a few more times before I am sure of any of that, though.
@_date: 2013-08-15 03:25:54
You gotta understand Coinbase has to follow the letter of the law to a T. They are given guidelines by FinCEN for suspicious activity; they set up scripting to monitor for said activity. If someone sets off an 'alarm' they hold the account until they can check it out and make sure it is legit, otherwise they could be left holding the bag if something bad happened. 
@_date: 2013-08-26 18:10:21


Right, that's what I said.


Yes, I understand that. What I was saying is that the majority of the states will just follow what NY/TX/CA decide upon.
@_date: 2013-09-09 15:53:55
I'm not saying it's a good reason, but if you make it your business to facilitate txs between two parties and you make a profit, you are an MSB. multi sig won't snake you out of the requirements unfortunately. 
And the only reasons lawyers think miners are MSBs is because FinCEN said so in their most recent guidence. One of the lawyers at that meeting with all the gov people said the agency who asked the most basic/stupid questions were the people who wrote the FinCEN guidance (aka they did not know what they were doing when they wrote it). That's just the unfortunate truth. 
and for the record it wasn't a lawyer who doesn't understand bitcoin, it's someone on the foundation
edit: the only reason i am pushing this point is because i would be heartbroken if someone who read this went and started a business that leveraged m of n for 'trustless' movement of money between two parties without a compliance program because they thought they were exempt, up until the swat team busted down their door and they are held criminally liable for some money laundering that went on via their platform.
double edit: well, i am over arguing the point. downvote me all you like, doesn't change the facts. i am not in support of any of this, i am just speaking in truths. if that's worthy of a downvote then perhaps i don't understand the function of the downvote completely. 
@_date: 2013-10-18 18:19:04
I hear you, I think we are arguing two different points.


Hmm... I didn't mean to imply that at all. Your point is one I see made a lot and I get where you are coming from, however I believe you are conflating two issues. Your quote mentions Napster and other central services, which you are right, are extremely vulnerable and we would be better off distributing trust to thousands of nodes all over the world. 
However, 3rd parties in the Bitcoin network are slightly different, because they are simply a network of central entities who service the network only to the extent that people find them useful. No one is forcing you to use them, and Bitcoin works just fine without them. It's like saying torrents are centralized because you find the .torrent files on thepiratebay.
But I'm on your side... regulations suck, and you're speaking with someone who disagrees with them on a very deep, fundamental level. The reality however is that if someone wants to start a Bitcoin business in the US (because they love the currency and want to see it grow) and they don't want to go to jail (not everyone can be a martyr), they must follow some rules.
But I believe change can happen from the inside out, so if the Bitcoin community grows in power, we will have the clout to make change... hopefully.
@_date: 2013-08-27 02:58:08
Compare the bitcoin protocol layers MasterCoin, BitShares, and Freimarkets.
Good luck. ;)
haha, but seriously maybe write about Crypto Financial's IPO or something. 
@_date: 2013-07-14 04:43:28
I don't know how the OP rigged his setup, but there are plenty of ways to run python apps on Android. As always, stack has you covered: 
@_date: 2013-09-20 01:43:15
A valid point, but no matter where you hide you are at the effect of the government's relationship with the United States, which in some cases can change quickly. You don't want to be on the wrong end of the stick when it happens.
Again, this is why I advocate decentralized exchanges, no central points of failure.
@_date: 2013-08-13 18:33:16
Curious if they will let us see the full content of these letters. 
@_date: 2013-08-04 18:03:19
Moving can create patterns, that is dangerous. For every one move there are two more LE can take. 
FM used PayPal and CIM, I wasn't talking about their technical prowess. I was referring to 'sit and wait' modus operandi of LE.
@_date: 2013-12-14 09:29:44
Nope, I was being genuine. Words on a page aren't always the best medium to transmit tone. 
@_date: 2013-09-16 17:41:17


I'm pretty sure Coinbase has a referral program. The user has to process &gt;=1BTC though. You get like 10 bucks.
But you're right, affiliate/referral programs are a must.
@_date: 2013-10-02 16:35:37
No, just use the cash analogy. If someone robs a bank, then goes to your store and uses the cash (and the SN sets off a red flag), are they going to arrest your cashier? No. They will ask where it came from.
You will need proof that you received them innocently.
@_date: 2013-09-26 20:34:39
Nerd mafia? ahahahahahahha!!
That made my day.
@_date: 2013-07-27 02:41:17
That's one of the reasons we do it in such a public place. At any given moment there are dozens of police in U Square. We go to the bar when it's raining. 
@_date: 2013-08-19 18:57:40
Cool, thanks. edit: most of them are behind pacer paywall, i will dl them and repost. double edit: nm, just formal docs, not much more info about the case.
@_date: 2013-06-08 21:57:19
Flattered, thanks mate. :)
edit: authors of the papers did all the hard work though ;)
@_date: 2013-12-02 21:50:53
I [mentioned](  this earlier but I was downvoted.
Friends, we have nothing to prove here. Bitcoin speaks for itself, time will tell the tale.
@_date: 2013-08-09 06:09:58
I wouldn't say that is a fair assessment of the situation. Take for example the NYC Bitcoin fintech scene (the only one I can speak for directly)--there are tons of Bitcoin businesses coming out of the woodwork, but unfortunately when the reality of regulatory compliance sets in things slow down fast. 
There is no direct route to compliance and banking security for bitcoin money market businesses in the US atm. I can say that definitively, as I'm working on climbing those mountains as we speak. 
@_date: 2013-10-07 02:42:42
Lol, all I think when I read your name is [cheese](
@_date: 2013-08-06 15:04:57
I'm no fan of BFL but that is straight FUD. There is no indication that they are mining with units they are shipping to custies--difficulty would be significantly higher than it is now. 
You can keep up with shipping updates here:  
@_date: 2013-09-26 20:29:51
Read history man, this shit happens all the time in the online drug scene.
edit:keep them downvotes comin baby
@_date: 2013-08-19 18:51:36


I agree. Honestly people have been [relatively] positive about this move by Germany, but I don't think people understand the implications quite yet.
As I see it, this is an indirect attempt to put the brakes on a system of payment processing that has far lower fees then competing systems (credit cards) and is therefore a threat to their survival. This tax heavily favors traditional payment mechanisms (Bitcoin's no-tranaction fee just went out the window), no question. That or Germany is afraid to call it a currency as such, in fear of providing too much legitimacy to the protocol, thus they stuffed it in the only other bucket it could be seen fitting: commodity (aka unit of account). This is why new legislation must be written, simply because it doesn't fit anywhere else... all preexisting laws reduce its accessibility/attractiveness on some level. 
There is always the possibilities that they don't completely understand the repercussions of such a ruling, but I doubt it. 
@_date: 2013-07-09 17:03:37
He doesn't specify, but I would assume it's multi-modal so you can use the phone's radio, wifi, bluetooth, etc... Don't hold me to that, though.
There is nothing in the git repo yet either, so that's a huge assumption on my part.
@_date: 2013-10-22 21:19:35
I think you're looking at this the wrong way. As a point of reference, we are still in the innovator stage of the Bitcoin growth curve. We haven't even hit early adoption yet.
If Bitcoin were to become remotely successful, the price will land at orders of magnitude higher then it is now. The difference between 0 and 200 &lt; 200 and 1000, thus if you get it now you are not only an early adopter, but a huge benefactor of future growth!
And I'm not quite sure why you are caught up on the distribution of wealth in the Bitcoin economy. You don't need to know who has how many Bitcoins, as that is irrelevant to the value proposition of Bitcoin. If all the coins were in the hands of a few (they aren't), then that would be concerning... but in reality they are distributed far and wide. Yes there are pockets of people who have piles of Bitcoin, but there are many more individuals that have more modest amounts.
Not to mention, which hands are the wrong hands to be holding Bitcoin and who are you to be deciding what valence is applied to each holder (I say that with all due respect, just pointing it out)? 
I really don't see any existential risk posed by the current state of affairs, although there are other concerns in the long term, none of which you addressed. So don't worry, there will be plenty of chances for everyone and their mother to get some coin. 
@_date: 2013-09-25 00:50:00
Just to play the devil's advocate here... be warned that the operator of this site has a sketchy history and has never provided his real identity. If he is gone so is your money. He has disappeared in the past with funds and could do it again. He said they were stolen, but that seems like bs.
edit:downvote no explanation? word
@_date: 2013-10-11 18:49:00
The search for "Bitcoin" on the site returns only this one result, so probably that way. Good find though. Looks like the [Stanford]( crew have something big planned....
@_date: 2013-09-16 17:29:26
Exactly. Bitcoin is to money like the Internet was to the distribution and accessibility of information. It's a shift in the fundamental dynamics of the system. It will never be the same.
@_date: 2013-12-28 03:57:14
No, he wasn't as bad as you paint it. I was there actually... not that that's any different then watching it on TV.
What he said is that Bitcoin businesses are financial institutions, and they are handling people's money. As such there is a certain level of responsibility that comes with that, and adding certain regulations to the mix makes it harder for Joe Blow to come in and start a Bitcoin business that gets hacked/turns out to be a scam/loses peoples money for whatever reason. He has a good point here. We have seen countless shit shows make Bitcoin look really bad for this exact reason (see: inputs.io, mcxnow, Bitocinica, Instawallet, etc.. etc...).
Now I will admit, he could have gone a bit easier with his words... and you are right to an extent, he probably was adamant about it because he has the money to make the regulatory stuff work out in his favor and it makes it harder for his competition, but he wasn't any more gung ho with regulations than Tony or any of the other guys up there. When the Senators asked if anything should be changed, I'm fairly certain he agreed with everyone else that the 50 state MSB maze needs changing (although that will probably never happen, unfortunately). But cypherdoc2 is right, BTC businesses can be regulated, Bitcoin can't be. It's all periphery. If the US drives innovation elsewhere, then so be it.
@_date: 2013-10-03 04:16:39
Positions of power do funny things to people. Plus the FBI have no incentive to falsely accuse him of murder when the drug charges alone will put him away for life.
@_date: 2013-07-09 18:12:34
Yea I see that now, sorry. Perhaps that will be addressed in the finer details of the protocol yet to be released.
@_date: 2013-09-03 19:54:51
Right, but the individual 'servers' are operated by entities in a given locale. If one of these servers makes it their business to facilitate OT transactions regularly and for a profit, they will be regulated. 
@_date: 2013-11-27 07:33:21
So you only report directly to FinCEN when you come across larger sums (&gt;$10K, if memory serves) and/or suspicious activities (see: CTR, SARs). Your state may have other reporting requirements.
As for a compliance program, you need to: identify your customer, monitor for suspicious activity, report suspicious activity, and train your employees to engage in these activities.
If it's a B&amp;M cash to Bitcoin conversion service, scanning their id (make sure to keep a record of it) and taking a picture of them at the desk should suffice, so long as you enter the transaction details into a database you can use to track purchases for suspicious activity. Like I said, this can differ from state to state, so consult a lawyer before you do anything.
@_date: 2013-07-07 00:15:43
Yea, nowhere do I see a mention of regulatory compliance on the page. This is definitely under the perview of FinCEN.
Worrysome. This is a super cool idea though.
@_date: 2013-06-10 03:30:53
That's a misleading title. Nowhere does it indicate the IMF was behind this paper; it looks like the work of an independent scholar. 
Here is it is a short run through of the paper: 
@_date: 2013-08-11 22:26:31
Not true. Micropayment channels are a perfect example of that. Hundreds, if not thousands of transactions can occur but eventually get lumped into one final transaction that settles debts. This can be done with trusted third parties as well. So in the case of the POS system both the payer and the payee should be using applications that trust one another. 
AKA a payment network, kinda like being on the visa mastercard system, but with Bitcoin-based businesses. 
@_date: 2013-07-24 04:28:54
Well, the only thing protecting anyone from a DHS DNS takedown would be operating a node outside the reach of the US gov. The beauty of this (and any distributed system) is that even if a single node was taken down the data would be preserved elsewhere.
If you are looking for responder anonymity (aka the data stores being operated under layers of obscurity to remain hidden from governments) you would have to build something like tor's hidden services into the protocol. This idea uses distributed hash tables to discover peers, not anonymous relays, so there is no privacy in that sense.
edit: which i might add, is a super cool idea. good on you for bringing it up.
@_date: 2013-09-06 16:50:26
I posted this in another thread, but to give some background:
Matt Mackall, former /dev/random/ maintainer stepped down after Linus overrode his decision to not use Intel's hardware random number generator: 




The first bit was later reversed, but things like this are all over the place, we must be extremely careful with what hardware/software combos we use. Things like SELinux (designed by the NSA, used by many) must now be gone through with a fine tooth comb.
@_date: 2013-08-04 17:57:09


You mean the default option in the tor browser bundle? No, it's actually ~~OFF~~ by default. edit: js is enabled by default


No one is denying that. There is no such thing as perfect security, you must always assume you are interfacing with a compromised party. 


Of course man, we already said that. If you read my first post I said "immune to these attacks" as in JS attacks. Not all attacks. 
@_date: 2013-07-10 05:29:15
LOL their acronym choices are absolute shite as well. Doesn't matter though you just gotta cherry pick the good stuff. 
Check out the paradox section - some interesting stuff in there. Really captures the novelty of Bitcoin and how much of a game changer it is. So much so that we can't even really describe it with words yet. The framework just isn't there. 
@_date: 2013-10-11 19:20:48
ah okay cool
@_date: 2013-09-13 15:14:31
[TGB]( just wrote up an article that should clear things up
again thanks for the kinds words brother. glad i could be of service
@_date: 2013-08-23 17:37:04
Ouch, that's gonna leave a mark.
@_date: 2013-08-19 01:25:21
This article is bias. All the companies are American and not all are worthy of a spot here.
* BitInstant- turning into BFL with their 'any day now' attitude. Charlie is taking his throne in the US for granted.
* Bitpay- worth a spot
* Coinbase- worth a spot
* Coinlab - " They claim to be" doing a lot. So is every other ASIC manufacturer on the planet. Not to mention what has coinlab done recently besides sue mtgox and start an incubator full of promises? That's cool and all but cmon, let's see more before we break out the champagne. 
* Lamassu- sure, they can have one... although there are tons of other btc exchange booths coming out, so not sure why this one is any different then the rest. 
What about companies breaking into new markets (e.g. African and indonesia (a la Kipoch, artabit?) or actually building out the infrastructure (bits of proof, etc...))?
*I don't mean to hate on these companies, they have all done great things for the space, but top 5 idk
@_date: 2013-08-29 02:29:19


Exactly, so again you are trying to judge him based on things he didn't do. I am speaking to facts. Giving refunds because his 'chi' is down is amateurish, no matter which way you look at it.
A professional retailer would not lie (e.g. customs) and issue refunds because they were having a few bad weeks and couldn't handle the heat from customers. Period.
Not sure why you are arguing this point because I agree with you to the extent that one's actions are a reflection of their character, but one's actions are irrelevant if they never happened.
@_date: 2013-08-05 05:01:52
Okay sorry, that was not my intention. 
@_date: 2013-10-15 01:41:50
Whoa. Slow down. Haven't I seen you before? You're that shill who came at me in another thread, no?
All I said is that I have reservations, and that there is a sketchy back story and anyone storing cash on the site should know about it. Like I said before... past performance is not proof of future success, so your example means nothing. Honestly I have no interest in arguing this point. Believe what you like, that is fine with me.
@_date: 2013-08-25 00:19:02
1) Nothing 'stops' it from happening per se. Gavin introduced  [this]( updated to limit tx dust to an extent, but as long as a tx meets those requirements, it can be sent
2) Gavin is working on 2-3 whitepapers that propose larger block sizes which will allow the network to confirm more tx/s.
@_date: 2013-06-11 07:28:18
Definitely keep your eye on BitcoinX :)
@_date: 2013-06-11 04:38:54


So a bitcoin-based, 'treasury' backed security? Am I on the right track?


Okay, now I am starting to understand what you are after a bit more. However, I must say, the burden of proof is on you for why you want to call this a treasury. I have (obviously) not known a treasury (non-governmental or otherwise) to perform this exact function in the context of an effectively decentralized commodity. Who would enforce the rules of this treasury? Would it be self-policing? (these are genuine questions, not an attack) 


Good point. If you want to discuss/get a better understanding of the issues you can read more here... 
@_date: 2013-12-24 01:07:44
See my reply to Urbatect.
@_date: 2013-09-16 17:05:48


Okay, well I took it at face value. Given Wired's Bitcoin history I don't believe my interpretation was a far reach.


Well, that's not entirely true. They got in bed with Coinlab (who was supposed to help them with compliance), and lost a ton of money. They didn't do their diligence and they weren't prepared for the regulatory landscape. Their issue with the Banks is a problem, yes, but that doesn't mean just because they can't get a new account other Bitbusinesses can't. Mtgox has been stained by the department of homeland security and the secret service, if you don't remember.


There are so many companies in the pipeline the landscape will be changing drastically in the next 8-12 months. It's not fair to talk about the future of the ecosystem in the context of the present business landscape. 


They will be able to, they will just be required to scan an id, maybe put in last four digits of SSN, and have the machine take a picture of them (which they already do anyway). 


You need more patience. These things take time. Banks will loosen their collars in due time (some may never) when they understand the technology more. Not every bank enjoys charging their customers $40USD for a wire transfer. I say this from direct experience. Most of the time you have to hold bankers hand when explaining the protocol and how it works. Most people are clueless.
@_date: 2013-08-13 18:30:55
Money Service Business :)
@_date: 2013-10-05 01:41:00


ah okay, i see the math now.
@_date: 2013-08-19 02:58:33
+Karl-Friedrich_Lenz 0.02 verify
@_date: 2013-07-07 22:28:40
I don't think that's an appropriate analogy. Gambling (online or not) has always been submerged in legal hot water; virtual currencies on the other hand are novel from a legislator's perspective and they have more use-value to the general public than gambling operations.
As an aside, MSB/MTB licenses are a huge income generator... not to mention this is a new source of tax income for the US. Regulators are genuinely curious about the protocol and they want to understand it better so they can interface with the businesses servicing the ecosystem more appropriately. 
@_date: 2013-06-27 15:01:40
Cool man, good luck to you. :)
@_date: 2013-12-14 17:28:55
You guys are stuck on the idea that you need a smartphone. You don't.
Ever heard of [USSD]( All you need is a feature (see:dumb) phone and a service that mediates the transaction (a la Kipochi).
@_date: 2013-09-27 19:48:53
Yep whoops. I was just referring to the master seed/key.
@_date: 2013-08-19 03:00:27
I knew something was fishy, couldn't put my nose on it. Good on you for pointing that out. I think we have another cryptocoinnews on our hands...
@_date: 2013-09-26 20:29:22
Sorry to hear that. I feel for whoever had money in their but honestly this place always reeked something special. No surprises whatsoever. I had been calling it a honeypot (although it's not entirely confirmed its not yet) but this scenario was always a close second.
Lessons learned for those involved I hope.
@_date: 2013-06-10 23:18:57
You've misunderstood me. The implication of that statement was as such: many people will not adopt something simply because it is unregulated and/or illegal because of an uncertain outcome for that good. We all want the proliferation of bitcoins. This is a necessary step. Agreeing or disagreeing with state oversight does not make you a criminal.
edit: You went a bit further with your assumption then I intended. Perhaps I will amend that statement.
@_date: 2013-08-24 02:18:08
In no particular order:
* Why do you want a seat on the board? 
* What makes you qualified for the position?
* What commitments are you willing to make in order to uphold the voice of the Bitcoin community in light of the growing power of industry heavyweights and core developer in matters of Bitcoin's future?
* If you had to change one thing about the Bitcoin Foundation, what would it be and why?
* If you were approached by a government agency whom hoped to compromise your integrity and leverage your voice to sway public opinion, what would you do?'
* Do you believe there is a right and wrong way to use a Bitcoin?
* Is the Bitcoin Foundation a money transmitter? lol
@_date: 2013-11-14 19:32:33
You're right, good points.
@_date: 2013-10-16 16:40:48
What I tried to say, more eloquently. Thank you.
@_date: 2013-10-11 17:18:09
Do we need to do anything more than use the sign up button on the site?
@_date: 2013-06-11 00:12:24
Possible yes, but whoever offered the service would have to be on point with all Securities and Exchange Commision regulatory guidelines.
To read about how the SEC applies to Bitcoin-based notes, stocks, investments, and commodities exchanges read here:  (about halfway down)
@_date: 2013-10-12 16:27:05
Of course you dont't. You are a self absorbed prick who has no idea what they are talking about. This conversation is over now. Thanks for nothing. 