@_author: jeefmike
@_date: 2017-12-09 07:17:24
No thats total what I've bought and spent for myeslf and friends. Really not that much money, I only ever bought as much as I needed to use, and up until very recently the transfer fees were not exorbitant 
@_date: 2017-12-09 07:30:22
I dont gamble, thats why I dont invest in btc, lol. and I dont need to buy porn, either. Check my comments and guess what I bought.
@_date: 2017-12-09 07:16:27
the network capacity is limited in part due to the highly speculative nature of the purchasing and the huge influx of purchasers recently due to the extreme increase in price. Its not the "holders" per se, its the large amount that decided they would use this to get rich, and in doing so pushed out those transferring small amounts for personal use. 
 And I didnt have to "believe" in bitcoin because I was not purchasing for investment. I saw its use case and applied it to my life directly. I realize I could have made a lot of money, but I was not interested in doing that, I bought what I needed, and went on with my life. (I even convinced some of my friends who bought for investment)
 Im not mad that I didnt get rich, I was more frustrated that I can no longer use what was previously a very safe and effective way to purchase a pleasing activity that I enjoyed on occasion. Now I have to find either a new currency (none as common as btc) or go try and buy drugs on the street (which I dont know how to do). 
So, no I dont really hate anyone here, I've watched this sub for years and was always happy for you when you made bank, but its different now. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 07:22:30
the value comes from speculators purchasing based on previous increases in price. This continues as more purchase, and will continue until increasing until the confirmation bubble bursts, after which the price quickly deflates, as those same people panic sell in order to avoid losing what they assumed were guaranteed profit. 
[This has already happened to bitcoin in a major way at least once]( 
@_date: 2017-12-09 07:02:00
bitcoin is not a normal currency, and no I never saved it because honestly it didnt matter to me at the time. I was happy for people who did but I just bought what I needed and went on with my life. and it doesnt bother me that people saved it, only that the fees to actually use the currency in amounts I want (&lt;$100) are not really feasible. The price now has nothing to do with an actual use for the currency. A bubble, which I imagine will pop eventually, but that doesnt help me. 