@_author: jefe2482
@_date: 2013-12-02 09:42:00
[This sorta stuff]( is covered in basic economics classes (I learned it in high school).
@_date: 2013-12-03 00:50:23
OP said "...When my $$$ are in BTC, I don't feel safe."
I took that as saying he has either one or both of BTC or USD in an exchange somewhere.  His concern is how secure an online exchange is in holding either.  
I don't think the main threat of fiat in an exchange comes from a traditional financial institution - many fraudulent exchanges have come and gone with other people's BTC and/or USD. 
And having a cold wallet is fine - nothing wrong with it.  But remember fiat in a bank is FDIC insured.  If it's ever stolen, it's not on you.
@_date: 2013-11-21 06:28:21
You can use Bitstamp at your own risk.  Personally, I don't trust an *exchange* that needs (1.) a photo ID, (2.) bank statement, utility bill, what-have-you, and (3.) is based in Slovenia.  Yeah, you go ahead and give all of your valuable credentials to an *exchange* based in Slovenia.  
I'm sticking with Coinbase.  If you want to be responsible with your investments, so far, Coinbase (imo) is the most reliable. Just sayin.
@_date: 2013-11-23 04:20:28
I think this guy has a point, here.  I have not heard of this situation (or discussions thereof) on forums yet.  
What if people started intentionally destroying Bitcoins to limit supply?  What if there were some group of people devoted to destroying Bitcoin wallets with value or Bitcoins themselves?  How does the network protect itself from "losing" Bitcoins from the blockchain?
@_date: 2013-12-02 08:53:53
I wouldn't call bullshit this early.  You nor I can predict the future of Bitcoin - even if the open-source protocol is here to stay. Whether or not the majority of people care that it's around or not (i.e. the inherent value) is another story completely.  
@_date: 2013-12-02 09:52:03
Actually, gold has very high inherent value. Maybe you should [read something about gold](  Some of them are:
1.)  great conductor of electricity
2.)  one of the least reactant elements
3.)  resistant to tarnish
4.)  has inherent value in it's sheer beauty (jewelry)
and many other practical uses.  It's more than just an investment or store of value - it is actually used to make stuff better because of its properties.
@_date: 2013-12-02 08:38:40
As much as central financial institutions "suck", as you put it, they at least are pretty damn good at letting you keep what's yours. I mean, your money (that is yours) is at least safe in a bank.  Someone robs a bank for all it's worth, and you're still covered.  Sure, my savings account "sucks" at growing, but it's mine and no one is touching it until I want it out.
Security in bitcoin exchanges is a significant and important issue.  Saying how much another bank or payment system "sucks" doesn't eliminate the need for better security when it comes to keeping bitcoin exchange accounts.
@_date: 2013-11-23 04:09:50
@_date: 2013-11-21 17:56:26
I don't see the need to have my photo-ID and a document with possibly my social # number makes that website any more trustworthy.  Paypal, Coinbase, and other website with my bank account info NEVER ask for a photo ID or a bank statement.
No, I have no prejudices against Slovenia in particular.  It's just the fact that it is foreign-based (if you are in the U.S.).  Coinbase simply requires a bank account with verification.  Bitstamp, for me personally, asks for too much personal information and does not have to abide by U.S. laws.  The fact that they are foreign makes it easier for them to disappear with my information and/or coins.  
I just caution the fact that they need all of that information just to trade coins.  Seems a bit sketchy for someone responsible with their investments. 
I don't care how long you or anyone has been trading coins.  An exchange could run off with my funds at any moment.  With Coinbase, you actually have some accountability.  
Who are you going to run to when Bitstamp crumbles with your coins/US dollars?
@_date: 2013-12-02 08:46:15
what this guy said.
@_date: 2013-11-21 19:25:32


To verify your account on Bitstamp, they ask for one of either 1.) bank statement, 2.) utility bill, 3.) tax statement, 4.) certificate of residency.  Go find it on the "verify account" section.  For someone who has even a modest investment in bitcoin, that raises red flags.  I don't give that information away to unknown people in a foreign country.  That's just foolish and naive to me.
At Coinbase, all they need to do is deposit a small amount into your bank account, then you verify the amount by seeing the charge.  To me, that form of verification is best, in my opinion.  


OK, sure. Go ahead and start a legal battle across international borders to get your virtual coins back.  
At Coinbase, you have credible investors listed on their "About" section, they have pictures of their senior team involved right there on the site, and they give a proper full address.  
To add, I'm in the U.S.  I've been around bitcoin long enough to have seen other exchanges come and go.  By far, the most legitimate exchange I've seen so far is Coinbase.  I'm giving advice to newcomers.  And if you're in the U.S., I can only endorse Coinbase to trade.  I cannot support the other exchanges.  If you're outside the U.S., do what you will.
@_date: 2013-12-02 08:59:42
You can always "convert" your $$ into goods and services - but if inflation skyrockets, then it would take a hell of a lot more $$ to buy the same things.  The dollar still has value because EVERYONE is on board to accept them - legally - no matter how much they have to take for something.  Bitcoin doesn't have that same "legal tender" aspect yet.  It's all speculative, bro.  Profitable, fun, exciting speculation.