@_author: jehuty09
@_date: 2013-11-25 02:17:56
Altcoins will coexist with Bitcoin. If they don't, Bitcoin will remain as nothing more than an investor's commodity, used in hedging against fluctuations of real currencies. Much like gold. 
If we expect cryptocurrencies to be widely traded in the exchange of goods and services, inflationary forces are needed. Inflation creates incentives to work and spend more, and continue production in an economy. It also allows the young to buy into a social contract that would otherwise be a monopoly by the older generations. 
Since there is a limit to the number of BTC that will be mined, that means that the only way inflation can be achieved is through the co-existence and simultaneous use of several cryptocurrencies--with constant new entrants into the market. 
@_date: 2013-12-11 02:55:50
I apologize if I came off as rude. I want to have a constructive discussion.
I don't think it matters if the vendor can obtain a price guarantee from Coinbase. If any party in a transaction has a belief that the currency will change in value in the near future, they will change their transaction habits or willingness to trade the currency. They will not be stable. 
I'm looking at the deflationary forces from the perspective of demand on a monetary base. Increases on the demand of a limited monetary base (i.e. as an economy grows) cause deflation. As a supplier I have no incentive to sell an additional unit of good or service because it will devalue the price of my previous sales. This can apply to wage hours, products, or anything.
You are right that if you lend 10 BTC, get back 10.6 and there's a deflation of 3% your purchasing power has increased by 9%. But there is an associated risk with debt, which you can completely avoid by not lending at all, so you have less of an incentive to lend out your money. Saving =/= Investing. Inflation pushes you to lend your money to companies that WILL invest it. That's why when the Fed reduces interest rates on its bonds it isn't simply expanding the monetary base, it is also incentivizing investors to move their money to securities so companies can spend it and make the economy grow.
Also, in a limited monetary base your purchasing power only increases when other people's decreases. I am not advocating theft or defending muggers, but a more evenly distributed purchasing power is beneficial to the market and the economy. Individually it is good for you, but it is not good for society, so why would society as a whole adopt it? 
Older people have already spent their life amassing wealth (or at least had the opportunity to do so). In a deflationary economy, and with an ever growing population, they have to do nothing but sit back and let the growing demand on their wealth generate profits they can live off. They have a huge advantage. 
@_date: 2013-12-10 18:17:22
I think price stability is a real issue. BTC has had drastic changes in a matter of hours. If there is a minimum for withdrawals, as a vendor, I could be losing money because I didn't have enough to withdraw my funds from Coinbase. Also, if I am consumer, and I expect my BTC/USD value to go up in a week (as it usually does) I would hold on to my BTC until next week to buy that shiny new TV. BTC needs a relative price stability. USD$900 in BTCs this month should be just about the same next month, and maybe a little different in a year. 
Inflation IS good for an economy. It isn't bogus. Deflation makes people want to store their money under the mattress, NOT invest it and spend it. If I have saved USD$50,000 and have a confident expectation that inflation a year from now will be 3%, I am much more likely to give it to a person who's trying to open up a new restaurant and promises they will give me 6% in returns a year from now. I'll have made an inflation-adjusted profit of 3%. If I had the opposite expectation, a 3% deflation, I wouldn't invest it. I would store it in my mattress and get that 3% and no risk!! THAT is business investment. 
Also, deflation makes older people richer and younger people poorer. The rate of inflation that BTC currently has is nominally constant. We need a moderate inflation in terms of percentage! And there is a limit to how much BTC will ever be in circulation. That IS NOT a moderate inflation. 
@_date: 2013-12-10 18:04:08
You are right that the comparison to the USD is one of the issues with the current way of thinking. Hopefully we'll reach a time when everything is valued in BTC first (most likely USD wont be abandoned completely though). Until then, price stability against other currencies is a real issue. 
I hope most whales follow your rationale. The more that BTC is used, the richer whales become. They can become the 1%ers of the future. Even if the whales are benevolent, who's to say those who inherit their wealth will be as well? 
Not to wish harm or misfortune to the whales. They had faith in BTC when no one else did. But the BTC market is better off without high concentrations of wealth. Not too different from how the US society would be better off without the political influence of big banks.