@_author: jeii
@_date: 2014-11-25 14:08:28
I don't agree with the assumption that this is a commercial use. It is clearly the exact sort of "criticism" and "comment" that fair use is supposed to protect. If WU can shut down legitimate commentary about their services by manipulating copyright law, then we're all in trouble. And even if it is commercial, Acuff-Rose says that is far from the only consideration. 
(BTW, this is why the fight against SOPA and PIPA and the Trans Pacific Partnership are so dammed important)
I'll admit that courts could definitely see it the other way, and litigation is always a crap shoot (and often a shit show). The problem with fair use is that there is no bright line, but the bigger problem is that the lack of a bright line causes far too many people to shy away from the line at all. When that happens, copyright maximalists get to advance their cause because a potential fair user is deterred by the possible cost of being right.
Also, from a practical standpoint, WU is not gonna bring a lawsuit over something trivial like this. This DMCA was probably issued by some staffer somewhere, and I highly doubt that a senior exec or lawyer would risk the potential blowback (and Streisand Effect in favor of Bitcoin) that an actual court case would bring. 
Oh, and since this is a thing we lawyers are supposed to do: I'm not your lawyer and this is my personal opinion, not legal advice. Don't get me started on the outdated Rules of Professional Conduct...
@_date: 2014-11-25 14:38:12
Hey thanks! My first bits (I think). As
you can tell, I'm more into the copyright thing than the Bitcoin thing, but maybe this will get me to stick my toe in the water. 
@_date: 2014-11-25 14:29:16
Lenz vs Universal Music is the best case in favor of a DMCA misuse claim. There are others--search through Techdirt or the EFF to find em. 
The problem with any proactive claim for DMCA misuse is that by bringing a misuse lawsuit, you're basically begging to be countersued for copyright infringement. At that point any corporate copyright holder will try to pummel you into submission with litigation tactics and deep pockets. 
IMO, the misuse claim (unless you have real money at stake) is better used as a counterattack to an infringement claim, either to deter a suit or enhance your settlement position. It is more a way to balance the scales than a silver bullet. 
@_date: 2014-11-25 00:31:03
Another copyright lawyer checking in, dying a little inside because a fellow copyright lawyer seems to favor strict copyright control over protected speech (which covers parody).  Go Streisand Effect!  To me this is clear parody, and publishing the parody ad side-by-side with the ad being parodied is also protected speech if it is used to further the parody.  Western Union undoubtedly knows this, and could arguably be liable for DMCA abuse under [17 USC 512(f)] (  
TLDR: STAND UP TO COPYRIGHT BULLIES!
edit: Markdown