@_author: jenr8her
@_date: 2018-01-26 03:05:36
The funds are literally locked in that channel.  You can clearly see why Satoshi wanted many people in a channel--THAT makes sense.   What you have now is accounting tricks pretending to be a network.  People will quickly find that their funds are locked up and the average person doesn't want to open up a ton of connections with random internet people just to attempt to make this Frankenmonster work.      
No one is going to open a channel with a decent sized amount to any individual as it locks too much away.   Hence, you will never be able to make or accept decent sized payments for the vast majority of people.  
Maybe try sticking with what Satoshi envisioned to have an actual functioning system.  
Just to let you know, what people will do if they keep using bitcoin is move all their coins over to Rootstock and exchange rbtc with people as that will be the only functioning bitcoin blockchain.  Maybe we can kill off the original chain then.
@_date: 2018-01-26 02:44:45
That's already been done.  They won't let you post the spreadsheet here though...go figure.
@_date: 2018-01-26 04:13:29
It's an accounting trick like I said STILL, and you will see, transactions won't be numerous because funds get locked up as people aren't going to commit that much to a channel and have it just sit there.  Once again why will it sit there?  Because people don't want to run full nodes with many channels open 24/7.  This is getting absurd.  What people will do and what they want to do is have a damn SPV connection, close it and be done--just like Satoshi envisioned.
@_date: 2018-01-26 03:36:26
Changing spelling errors does't count as a genuine commit.
@_date: 2018-01-26 01:40:28
Bitcoin is FAR more centralized now.  50% of the development is paid by Blockstream.   Block size has little to do with centralization when the fees are so high the very people that are supposed to use it can't afford it--of course they can't afford a node.  Give me a break here.  Bitcoin is entirely centralized to blockstream now so...you guys do what you want with it.  Honestly it's just fun watching the insanity now.  I still have some--probably a lot more than you honestly so I actually hope you're right.  I'm not holding my breath though.  Any group willing to sacrifice market cap the way they have done absolutely does not have bitcoins best interest in mind.  All it will take is one more misstep to relegate bitcoin to a much smaller alt coin that people just remember as being the first to start it all.   I will never condone the actions of Blockstream and mark my words, they will get theirs--especially Gregory Maxwell.  No one is going to forget that evil villain.  He won't walk away from this scott free like he thinks.  He'll be looking over his shoulder the rest of his life. 
@_date: 2018-01-24 16:49:35
Any amount you put in, you can only send back and forth to the other person.  That's literally the bottom line.  Everything else is an accounting trick.  So, if you put 2 btc in the channel and the other person puts 1 btc in the channel, between the two of you, no matter what, that 3 btc can be moved back and forth as long as the channel stays open but that is it.  Those 3 btc literally can go nowhere else.  They are absolutely locked in that channel by definition.  All routing is just an accounting trick.  So if you send your 2 btc to the other person and then you want to receive 5 btc you can't do it.  The other person has all 3.  Now maybe someone sends him 3 btc from another channel so he'll send you 3 btc back but that's just an accounting trick.  You're still short 2 btc and those original 3 btc are still locked up in that channel.
Edit:  So my question is, if someone wants to send me 5 btc and I have another channel open with a total of 2 btc that the other guy currently has, using both my open channels, can this person send me 3 btc down one and 2 btc down the other as long as he has the routes?  That would be cool if that were automated--paying a single amount but splitting it up down multiple channels. 
@_date: 2018-01-24 06:30:52
I can't see how this will work to move larger amounts.  So a large provider like Visa would have to lock up too much for each individual in a channel.  I just can't see that happening.  


It would work well if the channel forced closed at the end of x blocks (roughly a year) imo.  Perhaps these kinds of channels simply wouldn't allow anyone to settle early.  
I'm just having a real hard time seeing how businesses and individuals won't be forced to lock up too much of their capital with one individual with this current system to work well.  Even if you can route through them, it still makes no difference.  Hopefully I'm wrong.
@_date: 2018-01-25 21:18:35
This is literally recorded on bitcointalk by Gregory Maxwell calling Adam Back a dipshit.  You don't get to rewrite history.
@_date: 2018-01-25 20:15:32
Sorry...Hong Kong agreement was a done deal.  They were plenty ready to implement Segwit.  You can thank Greg Maxwell for that political nightmare.  Adam Back was smart and ready to compromise.
@_date: 2018-01-25 22:42:07
Cool story bro...miners are ready to raise block size again now.  Where you at?
@_date: 2018-01-24 06:57:30
Closing the channel incurs fees so the idea would be for the channel to have many transactions on it.  
The coffee shop would have to have multiple transactions from each customer on a single channel to make any sense and the customer would have to fund his channel, from somewhere else and route through the coffee shop I suppose for this funding.  
I doubt coffee shops end up having channels with individuals.  I don't know.  It's just too odd for me right now.  We'll see what happens.  I hope it works.  Something just feels off for me.  
Edit:  Maybe the idea is to have a crap ton of channels each with small amounts but the wallet itself just shows you your total balance overall and can route through all the different channels to pay or receive large amounts. 
@_date: 2018-01-25 23:12:58
Anyone reading this that is objective knows you're lying.  Nothing was ever signed.  It was a gentleman's agreement between the Blockstream reps and the miner reps.  Adam Back even applauded it...then Maxwell crapped all over it at which point it was dead in the water so why should F2Pool have signaled for anything other than classic at that point.  You're a liar.  I have been here longer than you, I guarantee it.  You only know the spin this place puts on things or you purposefully mislead others--it's one of the two.  


That's had consensus for over 4 damn years now.  Of course consensus here means the nodes that Blockstream can spin up.  But if you're looking for real consensus, the market has spoken, 100% of people agree that bitcoin is currently worth around 34% of market share--that's all the true consensus you need.
@_date: 2018-01-26 23:00:20
Why would they not just sell and trade rbtc?  You know how that works right?  Bitcoin is destroyed to create an equal amount of rbtc moving to the rootstock chain and rbtc is destroyed to create an equal amount of bitcoin moving to the bitcoin chain.  You understand this right?  So why on earth would anyone in their right mind want to use the bitcoin chain for transactions when rootstock will be far cheaper and faster?  Maybe you'll keep your savings on the bitcoin chain and move the coins you'd actually like to transact with over to rootstock.  
If I decide to keep some of my btc, that's what I'll do.  
@_date: 2018-01-24 07:24:35
The channel is not closed after each transaction.  If that were the case payment channels wouldn't be needed at all.  
Check this out to see all the current mainnet open channels.  
@_date: 2018-01-25 22:52:57
...and when did F2Pool signal classic?  Hmm?  Oh it was after Maxwell reneged and called Adam a dipshit.  Yeah...that's right.  I've been here far longer than you. 
By the way, miners are ready to raise block size now.  Where you at?  Yeah...that's what I thought.  Too busy creating Maxwell's fee market like good little puppets.  Don't blame fees on miners.  Miners are ready to raise the block size to something approaching reasonable...they'll bend over and hold their ankles for King Maxwell like everyone else.  
@_date: 2018-01-26 01:53:09
Notice he's talking about multiple parties--more than 2?  That's why Lightning will fail.  You have to lock up too much bitcoin OR not enough with just one other person.  It makes no damn sense.  
@_date: 2018-01-25 19:48:35
They didn't.  They wanted a 2MB increase along with Segwit in the Hong Kong agreement years ago.  If that had happened, Bitcoin would be sitting at around 95% market share instead of barely able to hold onto 30%.  Also, we'd probably already be sitting at well over 50% Segwit usage.  Oh and there would be no Bitcoin Cash.  
The Core devs might be good programmers but they don't understand politics in the least and they really hurt us with that foolishness.  The block size will have to be increased anyhow.  That was a great compromise.
@_date: 2018-01-26 18:52:28
Yes--that's what's going to happen.  Everyone will use RBTC.  It will be sold on exchanges and everyone will simply move their coins with that.  It will be far cheaper.  Have you looked at their transaction speed estimations--they are through the roof.  
By the way, ask yourself who decided RootStock could be a sidechain--that's who owns bitcoin.  Luke Jr. suggested a large block side chain at one point for people that like bigger blocks and cheaper fees.  They should carry through with that one also.
@_date: 2018-01-26 06:45:38
Well now this is how you deceive people--sigh.  Anything can be run on a mobile.  It's a computer for christ's sake.  Still, you would have to open multiple channels and have people route through you hence running a daemon with open ports to not have your funds locked in a channel.  Good luck with that.  No one wants to do that.  We want a simple spv wallet like Satoshi intended for us to use.
Don't worry though, we have decided upon a solution.  As soon as rootstock is ready, most people will simply move their coins over to that--a functional blockchain.  
@_date: 2018-01-25 21:38:37
You have to be kidding with this.  Gavin and Mike were there before almost all other devs.  This is just silly.  
Core, and the company you can't name here, for whatever reason, decided to play God and restrict block size.  Now we are where we are.  Who knows if Bitcoin can regain it's dominance. I hope it can but no one knows.  
@_date: 2018-01-24 06:33:26
The problem is you have to lock up funds with any one customer.  Once those funds are locked up, they are simple unusable on anything but that channel.  It's fancy accounting to route through them but still, the businesses funds will be locked up.  
I'm having a real hard time seeing how this can work as is.
@_date: 2018-01-25 21:50:30
...and how did miners break the Hong Kong agreement?  Explain this to everyone.  It's a lie so I want to see how you justify it.  You know how maddening it was with everyone screaming at Core to just compromise?  This rewriting history is absurd.
@_date: 2018-01-26 02:55:38
In case it gets through.  
@_date: 2018-01-26 01:23:42
Honestly I wasn't even aware anything was ever signed.  Hell this is far worse for your side.  I'd love to see the actual document as you can't trust a thing that you people come up with.   If this is the case, I wouldn't mention this in any future arguments.  If the president of Blockstream signed this document that's complete proof that they reneged on an actual signed deal.  
Still it doesn't matter, your side got everything they wanted and fees are STILL high.  I say you should lower the blocks even more like Luke has been suggesting.  Why not totally kill off bitcoin in one fell swoop?