@_author: jeratain
@_date: 2014-11-06 20:42:08
I used to work with Blake at one of my previous companies. This is pretty surprising to those of us from work who knew him. Here's what I can say about him:
* Frankly, this all seems out of character for Blake. While he did have a "hacker mentality" and tried to show off his dev skills here and there, he never came across as the type who would use his talents for illegal activities. That said, he definitely had the know-how to try it (I guess not successfully).
* I always thought he was religious. He grew up with a family that took religion seriously. It's very apparent in his music (see next bullet).
* He liked to make music (pianist). He'd be in the studio a lot and would always talk about the album he wanted to release. Here's his SoundCloud: 
* He was homeschooled in Texas growing up and I met his parents once at a company event when they were in SF visiting. They are incredibly nice people who, from my understanding, care very much about him.
* He was a talented developer. Solid rails skills and he would pick up new concepts quickly.
* Given all of the above, Blake was a terrible team player at work. He didn't do well when he was asked to pair program with other devs and he wouldn't listen to the our requests to try and follow some standard procedures and do a better job at communicating.
* He'd show up to work at random hours and he'd never communicate to us if he'd be coming in or not. His time management was incredibly poor. Part of this is due to his extra curricular activities, such as going to the studio to record music. All that said, there was no evidence at the time of his employment with us that he had participated in any illegal activities (also the time frame at this job definitely did not coincide with the alleged dates listed for Silk Road 2).
* He left the company later on. He was simply too much of a "renegade" in his work style. It was sad to see him go (despite not being a great coworker, he was always a pleasant person) and he was actually surprised by it.
* He's a small guy physically. If he does end up going to prison I really can't imagine him doing well there... but I suppose that all depends on what kind of prison this type of sentencing will get him.
EDIT: Typos and added some minor clarifications.
@_date: 2014-11-06 23:52:45
I won't lie: I don't feel *that* bad for him if the allegations are true. Blake had a ton of opportunities for different legal jobs that paid extremely well. He turned down many of them. He had a lot of potential to do many things with the skills that he had. Instead he (allegedly) chose to do something that he knew was illegal full well knowing the risks after the first Silk Road set the precedent. I do feel bad for him and his family because their lives are all impacted terribly as a result of this and the current drug policies in the US, but he did have a choice.
@_date: 2014-11-07 04:07:58
My talented remark was mostly in reference to his ability to take a spec and turn it into a working product with minimal supervision. The skills to run something anonymously is another story. 
@_date: 2014-11-07 18:29:13


I think this nails on it the head very eloquently. It looks like he'll unfortunately have plenty of time to reflect on his life :(
@_date: 2014-11-07 01:26:41
I've edited my post.
@_date: 2014-11-07 00:34:19
Ahh yeah, I totally agree with you there. Sorry I read too much into your comment.
@_date: 2014-11-07 00:01:50
To be clear: you would have killed yourself or suffered from massive depression because of a job that:
1) Paid incredibly generously
2) Had a desk with a view that overlooked the Bay Bridge
3) Asked the developers to pair program regularly when it made sense so that everyone could gain skills in areas they needed to (yes I know this is controversial, but the entire dev team had voted and decided to implement it).
4) Follow generally accepted TDD practices so that code could easily be maintained and worked on by any developer
5) That was flexible on hours as long as you were communicating and getting your work done on time
Blake didn't want to pair when we asked him to. He didn't follow standard TDD practices when we were a TDD shop. He didn't communicate when he'd be around vs. wouldn't, which would cause other developers to be delayed on their work because of dependencies. Obviously I didn't put all the details into the bullets, but dude, it really was a great environment to work in.
@_date: 2014-11-06 22:57:57
I wont argue with that. We had a hell of a time trying to get of that team to become fans of pair programming. That said, even if it wasn't pairing, Blake wouldn't collaborate well with the other devs. He'd go off spec and try to do things his own way, oftentimes using means that were frowned upon and upsetting the other developers when it came time for any sort of code reviews.
@_date: 2014-11-07 01:24:43
All of the records of employment are accessible to the FBI. There's also nothing that I can provide to the Feds that would make or break their case or sway anyone, unless he's going to be put on trial for being a nice guy but not the greatest person at following directions at work. It sounds like from the article the allegations lead them to have much more hard-hitting evidence.