@_author: jercircle
@_date: 2016-04-09 21:15:34
It's actually much simpler than any of the suggestions on the posts below.
Since our USD launch, customers can just spend USD straight into any btc address.  So you never actually 'buy' bitcoin, you just send USD value into a btc address (at circle's rate) with no fees (using debit card or linked bank account).
Here's the new user flow:
- Get the app and create your account
- Click 'Send' and type an amount 
- The app will prompt you to link your debit card 
- In the 'To:' field of your money message just paste or scan a btc address
- Type your message and confirm.
That just instantly spends $'s from your debit card to a btc address.
Hope that helps clarify.  We're going to polish the send UX to make it clearly that you can just spend $'s to a bitcoin address.
@_date: 2016-04-24 17:52:57
Any bitcoin held at Circle are 100% insured from theft.  We created the policy wth Marsh, the global insurance broker, and it is underwritten by A-rated global underwriters.  This covers loss from theft from online hacking of our systems, physical theft through breaches of our cold storage locations, and employee theft and fraud.  We maintain insurance to cover 100% of the BTC value under management.  I do not believe any other provider in the world has this level of theft insurance.
@_date: 2015-12-08 23:04:01
see my post ^^^
@_date: 2015-12-08 22:54:23
Hi, Circle works pretty differently than other services in terms of how you get and/or use bitcoin.  Circle is a personal payment app, and not an Exchange or Bitcoin Wallet, for which there are many good products and services out there.
With Circle, by default your account is denominated in USD.  You can instantly send or receive payments from your bank account via your debit card, for free, between users.  That piece is a substitute (a more secure and private one) for something like Venmo.
You can also convert to other currencies, instantly, for free.  Right now we natively support USD and BTC currencies, which you can store with us.  BTC stored with us and is fully-insured from theft.  You can change your currency at any time in the app settings.
However, the primary way that most customers would interact with bitcoin using Circle is by sending a payment to a bitcoin address.  When you send money in the circle app, you can send to an email address, phone number or bitcoin address.  If you are holding USD, or sending USD from your debit card using the circle app, and you send to a bitcoin address, we instantly convert from USD into BTC and transmit and settle the transaction on the bitcoin blockchain network.
The opposite is also true -- from the circle app you can get your address and QR code (these change dynamically) and someone can send you a payment over the bitcoin network at that address, and when it's received it's instantly converted into USD and stored with Circle.  You can Cash Out to your bank account or bank debit card at any time for free.
So, to answer your question more directly -- if you want to buy and hold and possibly use Bitcoin, in Circle's app settings just convert your currency from USD to BTC and you'll just be able to buy/sell/hold and use bitcoin on its own.  If your goal is to pay for something using bitcoin but you don't care to hold or have to have a separate bitcoin-only balance, you can just send USD to any bitcoin address instantly, straight from your debit card or circle balance.
Hope that's helpful.
@_date: 2015-12-08 23:05:34
you can send USD to any bitcoin address.  if you want to store value in BTC, convert to BTC in your settings.  depends on your use-case (savings/investment - hold/buy/sell BTC OR spending / making payments - hold USD, send over bitcoin network)
@_date: 2015-12-29 15:21:29
We take a different approach at Circle.  The app is primarily focused on providing a way to make free p2p payments.  If you live in the US, you can send and receive payments for free from a debit card or linked bank account.  You can send payments instantly (up to whatever your limit on Circle is) to an email address, mobile phone number or any btc address.  If you send a payment to a BTC address, we instantly pull from your debit card in USD, convert to BTC and send the bits on their way, so to speak.  That happens instantly and transparently to you.
In other words, to "buy bitcoin" from Circle, all you have to do is send money straight from a debit card to a BTC address.  Likewise, you can receive payments via Circle app users using email and phone, or any person in the world can send you via BTC and you can instantly convert and cash out to your bank debit card.
You can also hold balances with Circle.  By default, for US customers, your balances are held in USD and stored in an FDIC insured bank account.  You can also go into the app settings and change your currency to BTC.  We'll allow you to store in other currencies soon too.  If you convert your currency to BTC, then the user experience (UX) of the app is much more BTC centric and uses phrases like 'Buy Bitcoin' and 'Sell Bitcoin'.  If you hold a BTC balance at Circle, we provide free theft insurance on your BTC, for 100% of customer BTC balances, underwritten by a policy from Marsh (global insurance leader) and A-rated global underwriters.  
So, there are a lot of ways to use Circle with Bitcoin:
- You can use it as a free global payment rail with instant conversion in and out of BTC and into USD with free connectivity to US bank accounts.
- You can use it to buy/sell and store Bitcoin.
- You can use it to buy/sell and store your Bitcoin in your own wallets for security, privacy or ideological reasons.
Hope that's helpful.
@_date: 2014-09-17 17:02:11
hi, the help text is not accurate and we will fix.  this does nothing to stop intercepting payments, which is technically impossible with bitcoin.  this is for enhanced privacy in online transactions, per one of the comments here.  Jeremy
@_date: 2014-10-15 19:00:17
We recently updated our User Agreement to allow users ages 14+ to use Circle, though we do require a parental consent form to be provided to our customer operations team.  Thanks, Jeremy
@_date: 2014-10-28 01:49:08
Hi, we do view our custodial activities and liquidity activities as distinct services / value props for users.  One of the things we are seeing is govt looking at digital currency operators like Circle and Coinbase as having custodial obligations above and beyond classic money transmitters, and having associated cyber and physical security requirements because of the liability of controlling private keys.  But correct that we are not banks as we are tightly controlled in not being permitted to use customer funds for investments or credit related activities.
@_date: 2016-01-13 03:22:04
Go into the Circle app, and go to the QR code section and grab an address for your account.  Send from Electrum to that address and you'll have the BTC in Circle.  If your Circle account is set to USD as the default currency, any BTC you receive will instantly be available as USD and hold that value until you want to cash out or use it.  If your account is set to BTC as the default currency, it's value will, of course, fluctuate against the dollar.  
You can cash out USD (or sell bitcoin) to any US bank account via debit card or ACH for free; time to availability typically varies from 1 to 4 days, depending on your bank and when you submit the transaction.
@_date: 2017-01-23 04:32:52
actually, this is a real-time payment from Korean Won into US Dollars delivered via BTC, but the customers on both ends don't know anything about bitcoin (nor do they care, any more than they care about HTTP or SMTP).  The customers message money using email or mobile identities, using their local currency, and BTC settlement (much faster and irreversible than SWIFT) provides nearly instant settlement behind the scenes.  Exchange rates are superior to almost any alternative.
@_date: 2016-11-21 03:11:32
The idea that we have discovered the ultimate and perfect blockchain and crypto-currency with bitcoin is obviously a highly simplistic worldview, and can only be economically or ideologically motivated.  We should be encouraging experimentation, learning, and importantly, real standards technical governance processes for all crypto ledger projects.  Kudos to Brian B @ Hyper Ledger who are trying to step above the noise and be stewards for open intellectual property around crypto compute, ledgers, blockchains, etc.
Bitcoin may secure a place as a global safe haven and secure digital asset, and highly important as a settlement token in the internet economy, but it does not seem likely to me, at least, that it will be the technology that scales 'fiduciary trust apps' on crypto computing networks.  If these new networks are incentivized with digital assets, it seems clear to me that there will be much more significant and valuable digital assets than bitcoin.  
I also don't think that many consumers globally in the next 5-10 years will want or care for a non-fiat currency as the basis for their current account / spending account, and so the near-term (5-10 year) problem isn't trying to establish a new global digital currency, it is leveraging the underlying capabilities (both technical and economic) of crypto currencies to enable secure, global, instant and free payments, converting between whatever currency you want to pay with.  In that sense, in the next 5-10 years we have no idea what the name will be for the public blockchains we are building on, and it seems highly likely that most global consumers, in the next 5-10 years, won't directly be seeing or holding bitcoin, though it does still seem plausible that bitcoin could retain a significant and valuable role as a secure store of value, and reliable global settlement token.
@_date: 2017-01-25 19:45:37
Hi, we just turned on a direct integration between Korbit and Circle, I don't know how broadly Korbit has rolled it out.  It uses Spark, our new set of APIs that connect digital wallets and currencies with transactions settled over the bitcoin network.  So, it still uses bitcoin, but you just fund and send Korean Won, and you receive USD (if in the US) or GBP or EUR if you're in the UK or Eurozone.  We have more digital wallet partners coming that are using this blockchain-based API to move money.  
@_date: 2015-09-27 21:15:37
We don't think that there is any value in moving money around the world, when the internet can now do it for free, with better security, and faster.  Value has to be created in other places, not in the now deeply commoditizing world of money transfer.  Existing "money transfer services" -- TransferWise, Xoom, WU, Skrill, Netteller, etc. are all built on the idea of charging tolls for moving value, we want that to be as close to free as possible, including when you move value across currencies.  We have access to global inter-bank settlement FX pools and rates and our goal is not to markup the cross currency value transfer, but to leverage open rails and software to make this happen as a free service.  There's no reasons that there should be a toll to take value out of a transfer, just like when you send an email today, Google doesn't take a few words off of your message as a toll.
@_date: 2015-09-27 20:57:31
Hi, right now, we are focused on consumer payments, helping consumers store value and make payments as a free utility, and that includes any business that enables payments via bitcoin, but Circle doesn't need to onboard merchants because there are so many other companies offering merchant payment acceptance tools.  That's the beauty of an open protocol and open payment network like Bitcoin.  Sole proprietors can easily setup Circle accounts and use the apps for payments, with all the underlying speed, security and cost efficiencies.
@_date: 2015-09-27 20:59:01
That's right, we believe in the benefits of building on open protocols and an open ecosystem, so that ultimately thousands of services can emerge to help hold and transmit value, and consumers can opt to handle it themselves, thanks to the open nature of bitcoin and open source software, but we don't need to build everything, just like each ISP in the 1990's didn't need to own over consumer internet connection or mail account in order to create value, as the internet grew each node became more valuable.
@_date: 2015-09-27 21:12:07
A lot of the failure, IMHO, is that mass consumers don't want to store their spending money in a volatile currency, but they want the benefits of the open internet and protocols that enable instant, global, secure and nearly free transaction settlement.  We're trying to marry those two together, while also giving customers the option to adopt BTC as their primary currency, as a full fledged citizen right there with USD, EUR, GBP, RMB, etc.
@_date: 2015-09-23 21:00:20
It's a bit depressing to see bitcoiners get so upset about richer and deeper connectivity between traditional financial and banking platforms and bitcoin.  In our view, pretty much every payments platform to date has been a walled garden, a kind of AOL of Payments, and we're interested in an Internet of Value exchange, where open protocols and formats allow for value to move like content and messages on the internet.  We think that's a big improvement over all of these closed platforms.  We think its progress to have a payments app that works in your local currency and enables transmission over the open internet.
@_date: 2015-09-27 20:59:49
We're not interested in building another walled garden, we are betting on global adoption of open protocols, bitcoin specifically, as the underlying value transfer unit of account and medium of exchange.
@_date: 2015-09-27 21:10:32
That's right.  Bitcoin is core to our strategy of building a consumer finance platform where people can send and receive value over the open internet just like they can send and receive messages, or publish and view content over the open internet.  Bitcoin is the HTTP and SMTP of money.  We want to make that a reality, and make it usable for people in every major currency zone on the planet.
@_date: 2015-09-23 21:19:55
That's like saying in 1995 that some new webmail service is no different than AOL for sending email ... eg. AOL allowed people to send each other email, but not anyone else outside of AOL. We live in the same world with value transfer.  That needs to be broken apart.  Bitcoin lets us do that.  So, no, it's not the same, we're trying to break apart the closed systems (both government run and closed commercial networks) and allow value to move in the same way that content and messages move on the internet.  Of course, this only matters if you care about open standards and open value exchange, and if you believe in building on the incredible progress that bitcoin has made in the past few years.  
@_date: 2015-09-23 21:14:12
Right, exactly, you can use the bitcoin network directly without ever having to hold/purchase/convert bitcoin.  It's conceptually similar to when you travel abroad and swipe your credit card, you are technically performing an FX transaction to ensure that the recipient gets the currency they want.  The inverse is also true -- if you have your account setup as USD and someone sends you bitcoin (via address or QR code), it's auto-converted into USD on the fly (essentially the same was what merchant payment processors do with bitcoin today, but for consumers).  It's conceptually similar to how web mail services work.  If you and I both have Gmail accounts, and send each other an email, it's just a database update in google's database, the message is never formatted into SMTP and transmitted over the open internet.  But if I send a message from Gmail to someone on another mail server, google will format the message into SMTP/MIME formats and it will get routed over the distributed internet mail network.  Inverse the same.  We're just trying to enable this kind of open, inter-operable approach for value transfer, without forcing people to have an ideological reason to hold a new currency.
@_date: 2015-09-23 21:09:34
Sure, like internet email, we should all setup SMTP servers in our house.  How many of you run your own decentralized email infrastructure?  Web infrastructure?  Bringing the beneifts of open protocols, and distributed and decentralized architectures to users doesn't mean that users need to run that infrastructure themselves.  The protocols and platforms need to remain decentralized, but that doesn't mean that mainstream users can't enjoy the benefits without the complexity.  
@_date: 2015-09-28 10:43:05
Appreciate it.  We think of it as a kind of 5D chess board.
@_date: 2015-09-23 21:06:24
there are a lot of advantages to using bitcoin as a payment network, and insulating users from holding the token themselves.  mainstream users have no interest in a new currency, but they certainly would like to get the benefits of fast transfer, higher levels of security, global interoperability, and lower cost.  and for those that want to hold BTC themselves, we give people an insured, easy to adopt way to store/convert/exchange BTC.  It's just that the default experience for someone who wants an app for paying people can't default to BTC, unless we only want to appeal to people who have ideological reasons for using the app.
@_date: 2015-09-27 21:09:03
We're extremely close to every US state, it's a matter of a very short period of time.  And we are working hard on adding other currencies and banking settlement networks, so that more people, using the most popular currencies in the world, can use Circle and also get the benefits of the open internet.  But we're trying to do it the right way, which is actually hold those currencies for people, and enable instant liquidity between Circle and the native banking and value storage platforms on those currency zones.  There are a lot of hurdles to making this work -- regulatory approval, banking partnerships, and the technical work to make it all come together in a magical and elegant way.
@_date: 2015-09-28 10:46:14
For sure.
@_date: 2015-09-28 10:42:35
That's correct, we don't consider ourselves a bitcoin company any more than Amazon considers itself an HTTPS company, or Google an SMTP and WebRTC company.  Bitcoin and blockchain tech are fundamental layers of the internet, or will become such, and we're building on top of and integrating with it, but it doesn't define our company.  Our mission, in terms of the currencies we want to support and the products we want to offer, is not limited to bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-09-27 21:06:39
That's exactly right.  Right now, we are focused on enabling really easy and enjoyable ways to pay each other, and building on open rails instead of yet another closed walled garden.  Square Cash, PayPal, Venmo, and many others internationally, are the equiv of AOL in the early days of the internet, walled gardens.  Circle, we believe, is the first free payment utility that allows for interaction with the open internet, and we want to drive and build on that.
@_date: 2015-09-27 13:53:05
these are certainly use cases that we think circle is great for.  if you want to pay your landlord using bitcoin, if they have the circle pay app and link their debit card, you can send to them via their bitcoin address, and they receive USD or BTC (their choice), and they can transfer to another bank account using their linked debit card for free.  they could then receive payments in USD or BTC from any bitcoin wallet or circle app user.
@_date: 2015-09-27 21:00:55
You are right, we are focused on solving problems for consumers, and the beauty of building on the bitcoin ecosystem is that we gain inter-operability with the hundreds and ultimately thousands of other services that emerge that also "speak value" using bitcoin and settle transactions on the blockchain.
@_date: 2015-09-27 21:02:28
We use bitcoin as an open value transfer and settlement network, so that Circle users can transfer value over the open network, and receive value from others on the open network whether they use Circle or not.  It's the same as internet email services -- e.g. they all speak the same protocols (SMTP/MIME/ETC), but you're not locked in to only send/receive messages from your ISP or mail provider, you can interact with the entire internet of messaging.
@_date: 2015-09-28 10:52:04
No, we actually hold USD in a US bank account, with FDIC insurance per customer.  These other items are just hedging strategies implemented in offshore exchanges and banks.  There is no liquidity for the actual currencies (other than to/from BTC), which is extremely limiting in its utility, unless you are really just investing in various currency baskets vs. actually trying to use the currency.  We only want to introduce currencies where we can actually hold the currency in our treasury, and where can provide instant liquidity and access to native rails for that currency.
@_date: 2015-09-28 10:49:21
Yes, the underlying address and payment mechanics are a bit harsh for most people.  We def want to increase the ways that identity can be used in Circle, so keep watching the app updates.  However, IMHO, identity is another layer of the internet that was never really built.  I'm hoping that blockchain based protocols emerge for identity, which gives people the same level of control and security for their identity as they have with bitcoin for money.  I am aware of various projects, but hoping that sidechains emerge to more directly support identity blockchain use cases.
@_date: 2015-09-28 10:51:47
No, we actually hold USD in a US bank account, with FDIC insurance per customer.  These other items are just hedging strategies implemented in offshore exchanges and banks.  There is no liquidity for the actual currencies (other than to/from BTC), which is extremely limiting in its utility, unless you are really just investing in various currency baskets vs. actually trying to use the currency.  We only want to introduce currencies where we can actually hold the currency in our treasury, and where can provide instant liquidity and access to native rails for that currency.
@_date: 2015-09-28 10:53:06
We're not interested in building another walled garden.  We're also not interested in making money from charging fees like this.  
@_date: 2015-09-28 10:53:23
@_date: 2015-09-27 21:04:52
We don't want to force consumers to believe in a new currency in order to gain many of the benefits of bitcoin, which includes nearly instant settlement, global inter-operability, highly secure, and nearly free value transfer.  Consumers should be able to choose whatever currency is most relevant for them for their spending money, but use the new open internet of value to transact.  Consumers should be able to choose to hold value in BTC, and we enable that in a robust way, including great personal security controls, advanced forms of offline cold storage, and full insurance from theft, as well as our covenants to regulators that we maintain a 100% full reserve of digital assets and fiat assets for customers.
@_date: 2015-09-28 10:45:55
What a lot of people don't realize is that under Federal law (US Treasury), we must apply to be a Money Transmitter in all states that require it.  We have almost every state now.  The MT license, even just for doing bitcoin related business activity, is effectively the same as the BitLicense.  To get the USD MT license for New York, we de facto got the BitLicense.  The only highly material difference, IMHO, is the new cyber security requirements, which I think are important, and are now being required of all banks operating in new york as well.  
@_date: 2015-11-23 17:43:17
Hi, yes, both this and BI piece, are clearly not based on an actual understanding of the companies, the market and the technology itself.  
@_date: 2015-11-10 20:14:38
You should link your debit card, which is now instant and free, whereas ACH linked accounts now require waiting for the funds to settle with Circle (1-4 days).  We sent out broad customer communication on this 6 weeks ago.
@_date: 2015-11-06 02:26:25
Most customers can easily get leveled up to $3k/week.  We are enhancing the apps to make this more clear and simpler to request and enable.  
@_date: 2015-10-11 23:05:23
Some UK debit cards work with Circle, so would try that.  We're working on offering Circle to all UK residents, which will allow free instant spends with a debit card.