@_author: jeremyfuentes
@_date: 2014-10-09 15:31:05
to my limited knowledge, the block size is 1MB - ANY change to that will require a hard fork and the ensuing risk that people who don't update their clients will remain on the wrong fork.
If Gavin wants to do this (which i think should be done), the code should start being but in as many clients as possible now, but only activated after the blockchain hits a certain block number, which could/should be at some point in the distant future (say, a year or two) in order to insure that people who aren't privy to all bithcoin news don't get left on the wrong blockhain.
@_date: 2014-10-09 15:19:51
Circle has only been open to the public for what? a week or two now? Like it or not, there are still going to be kinks in their systems.
@_date: 2014-10-09 15:41:54
1 - it'll be interesting to see how bitcoin sustains itself when it reaches the day that transaction fees are to make up the majority of miners revenue. Right now, for instance, if you took away the block reward, the cost per bitcoin transaction would be astronomical.
2 - As we just saw, it doesn't take 7 million coins to move the markets significantly. If a seller of 30,000 BTC can cause such a huge crash in the bitcoin market, then a better armed "adversary" could cause MUCH more damage. Not saying that that was the "bearwhales" goal, but seeing how disruptive the bearwhale was, one should shudder at the thought of what a well-heeled adversary could do to the market.
@_date: 2014-10-09 15:09:32
How many more coins do you think this person has?
And do you trully think that they were doing such actions and costing themselves tens of thousands of dollars out of malicious intent?
I don't think the "bearwhale" has any more coins to sell - and i think that they didn't do what they did with the intent of disrupting the market, they just had a mental note that $300 was the minimum price they wanted to exit for; as bitcoin drifted closer and closer to that price, they put in the order, sat back and let it be filled.
Certainly, they could have been more efficient about it, but they would need to place trade after trade after trade over a period of several days to exit without affecting the market, but in their opinion, time was of the essense.
I don't know. I just don't understand the rampant speculation that anything that negatively affects the price of bitcoin is done by conspirators trying to harm the currency. 