@_author: jerffoo
@_date: 2014-03-04 14:15:15
Well thanks for engaging me. I appreciate it. I can only watch a troll tap dance for so long until it's not entertaining anymore. It's really clear you don't know anything about what you linked, what you're saying, economics, and about Magic The Gathering Online eXchange(Hey, neither do i). It was fun watching you go elbow deep into the shallow pool that's a result of all the circle-jerking in to grasp at any random waste you could use to justify this week's flavor of opinion here
I'm gonna go wash my hands.
@_date: 2014-03-03 20:38:09
Oh hey, back from your second google-hunt to justify your ramblings? 5.5 million is a tiny fucking fraction compared to what most businesses with the proper licenses that size have to pay in taxes, and they don't cave under. And you're saying 5.5 million is what brought MtGox down...? Didn't they collapse because they lost 400 million, without the governments help?
Liberty Reserve...you mean this thing? 
 So you're saying Bitcoin opened overseas so the United States couldn't stop them from laundering money from credit card fraud, identity theft, investment fraud, computer hacking, child pornography, and narcotics trafficking? Interesting. I guess I understand that.
And hey, thanks for posting that DHS article. How long did it take you to find? Did you actually read it? MtGox has 5million seized because they were engaging in business they didn't have the licenses to do. I love this bit. 
"...Mt. Gox, as it declared itself as 'a business not engaged in money services,' something that the DHS and the courts disagree with."
Oh, you're agreeing with MtGox that it isn't a money service...? The fuck is it then? Magic the Gathering Online eXchange?
You're a troll man. You're arguing petty semantics and broad, boring generalizations.
@_date: 2014-03-03 02:17:25
What arbitrary corners did it cut? Which laws are bullshit? How did -5million hurt MtGox?
@_date: 2014-03-02 17:52:24
I'll stop being a sarcastic brat and actually engage you a little bit.
So you're surprised it costs money and effort to secure an exchange? How is that a negative thing? The alternative, which is what happened, is the exchange launches without meeting proper regulation by cutting corners. You're saying MtGox went under because too many people pulled out in favor of other exchanges? Well that's because it cut corners in securing itself against that kind of disaster(Although I'm sure it's far more complicated then that.)
All that stuff is in the sidebar though, it's the whole POINT and DRAW of bitcoin, that it's wild west territory and it's free from central control(and safety practices.) It's just an example of how profitable and terrible the true free market can be. Stop pretending the government had anything to do with this, this is exactly what every single bitcoin enthusiast and investor wanted from the beginning.
Bitcoin is the currency of the Internet: a distributed, worldwide, decentralized digital money. Unlike traditional currencies such as dollars, bitcoins are issued and managed without any central authority whatsoever: there is no government, company, or bank in charge of Bitcoin. As such, it is more resistant to wild inflation and corrupt banks. With Bitcoin, you can be your own bank.
@_date: 2014-03-03 02:45:38
Lol, I'm asking questions so that must mean I'm not interested? Way to derail the conversation when I engage you on points I think you're making up and have no clue on.
So why did the U.S, "confiscate" 5.5million? Taxes for moving American dollars offseas? I don't understand.
What bullshit laws was the state imposing on  the Bitcoin exchange that it was "forced" to move overseas? 
@_date: 2014-03-03 02:19:12
What arbitrary corners did it cut? Which laws are bullshit? How did -5million hurt MtGox?
Edit: So you don't want a bailout, but you want 5.5million. UmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmThatsabailout.
@_date: 2014-03-02 16:28:38
"My favorite restaurant, McBits, got deemed unsafe to eat at. I exclusively go there to eat in support of them because it's unfair the state imposes their regulations and standards on food. How is the food industry supposed to grow and thrive? I want choices!"
...three weeks later...
"Me and everyone else got food poisoning from McBits! It's the governments fault for having too strict regulatory practices and not taking McBits under it's wing. We have to hold the state accountable for this."
Enjoy that salmonella infection buddy.
@_date: 2014-03-02 15:50:34
I dunno about you, but man do I love not being killed by the food I eat from the grocery store. MMMMMMMM, that regulation is delicious. I love to drizzle that bank-brand FDIC sauce all over my money sandwiches too. DELICIOUS.SECURITY.