@_author: jesset77
@_date: 2015-12-08 00:13:49


Christ, my comment karma in *just this* subreddit is higher than his total karma across reddit. :o
@_date: 2015-06-10 01:04:38


Those are not mutually exclusive. Paying for a product does nothing magical to protect you from further exploitation.
In this case, the exploitation being discussed is new users installing what is advertised right on their website as "donationware", entrusting their money to software written by these people, and then getting salami sliced after the fact.
If these binaries can send money out from your PC to pay fees you were not made previously aware of, perhaps the binaries also have a ticking clock to unexpectedly empty your wallet one fine day? If they leak money, can they be leaking other information about you through a side channel? After all, the fees themselves do a lot to advertise what kind of wallet you are using, for starters.
Also they advertise the fee being *changeable* in case bitcoin value rises. Changeable through what avenue, though? Software update, or automatic push-updates from the mothership?
I use hundreds of applications every day far more complicated than any HD bitcoin wallet. Free operating systems, free office productivity suites, text editors, web browsers, and how would people react if they learned that *any* of these applications was secretly draining nickels out of their bank account?
How would you feel if Firefox started to send themselves money out of your bank account every time you logged into online banking just to shore up their own finances? Would this be a discussion about how Firefox is worth the salami slices that they take, or would people freak the hell out about *a web browser monkeying about in their bank account*?
@_date: 2015-06-15 00:55:22


Network engineer here: no, not really.
A route can only tell you the next hop, you would have to *follow* the packet and *interrogate* the next hop to see what happens next.. and eventually you are all but guaranteed to hit a router who is being financially incentivized not to tell you the truth.
Traceroute is a protocol designed loosely do that (firing off ICMP echo packets with increasing TTL, seeing who complains that the packet expired at each step of forward ICMP routing), but if any router takes bitcoin traffic to a different place than ICMP traffic, or if you hop over a layer 2 link with no interim reporting routers, then your traceroute will tell you nothing.
Here is the simplest example: random schmoe gets paid a cut to run software that sets up a VPN tunnel, tunneling bitcoin traffic to their home back to a datacenter somewhere running the same node a million other schmoes forward to.. ready to run a sybil attack at a moment's notice.
@_date: 2015-12-08 00:10:59
He's not concerned about "all the voices" being heard, just "all of the unpopular voices who happen to echo his mind on matters".
To be fair, the real solution here is mark the subreddit private so that all of the "Rabble" can't easily get in to downvote his beloved falsehoods. Unfortunately one cannot indoctrinate naive new users with your propaganda that way.
@_date: 2015-06-01 23:32:32
Let's try this. Is a loss of consensus catastrophic, or do you think each miner should just make up rules on the spot and mine against whatever chain suits their fancy that afternoon?
Because so long as you still fight consensus on block size increase, then you are de facto calling blocksize increase worse than loss of consensus.
@_date: 2015-06-02 20:54:21
Really, so if I instruct Bitcoin Core 0.10.2 with default fee settings to send a transaction during a week when all of the blocks congest, how slightly impeded will the result be? My math says the spend attempt will fall out of mempool and fail. Game over.
But let me guess: you imagine this occurring in a Bioshock/Rand future when everybody is genetically modified, travels in flying cars, every wallet on earth does complex and heretofor unheard of lightning channel and sidechain magic with replace-by-fee automated smart contracts that continually re-try and re-sign your transaction for you 24/7 (which means they are also online 24/7.. sorry smartphones!) so that you get to choose a delay or maximum % fee schedule that suits your needs?
That, and/or everybody uses Paypalcoin offchain transactions and anybody you ever want to send money to also uses Paypalcoin so that no person ever needs to touch the blockchain again (especially not to move from one offchain solution to another, or from one fiat exchange to another, after all: all remittance and local fiat has long since been obviated by our lord and savior paypalcoin!) except for made up "large settlement entities" who love to spend $50-$100 usd to move their millions back and forth for no good reason at all, given that the world for some reason already trusts Paypalcoin for everything else.
@_date: 2015-06-10 01:22:58
All of these salami slicing apologists in this thread remind me of the scene from The Ladykillers when the crooks are trying to smooth talk the old lady into aiding and abetting their robbery, saying that "insurance will cover the bank so that only fractions of a cent are lost by any one person in particular".
Because if you don't care what happens to $0.001 per transaction, then I'd love to just have that sent to me for every one of you in this thread for every purchase you make via debit or credit card. What you didn't miss would be enough to completely subsidize Netflix on my end, after all.
@_date: 2015-06-02 01:03:28


Really? a forum post saying "hay gais, let's fill the blocks just to see what happens" is already all it takes to fill the blocks for an evening. And you think it will take double bitcoin's current lifetime before we've reached that ceiling?!
@_date: 2015-06-15 23:33:29
I take it this means you are also against the BIP100 proposal currently being discussed?
@_date: 2015-06-15 22:57:39
Most people aren't going to watch a thing for a full day to determine what happens with it for 99.9% of that day.
Besides, do you even realize how expensive these spots in the mall are, let alone how expensive the kiosk is to begin with? They wouldn't be able to keep this up for a whole year without a lot of volume of use feeding it's commissions.
@_date: 2015-06-15 23:06:42
They should rename the "Satire" sentence to "Punchline". ;3
@_date: 2015-06-02 00:05:49


Once the volume of transaction requests passes the volume of block slots to fulfill them, then the price of having your transaction fulfilled does not scale linearly: it becomes erratic and entirely unpredictable.
In short, when there are 1200 tx in the mempool and 1200 new requests per block but only 1000 can be in each block then every ten minutes there exist 200 txn that simply cannot happen.. and it doesn't matter if every one of the 1200txn are offering 10BTC or higher bounties.
You cannot even know what most other txn are willing to pay as fees because some of them you are competing against haven't been posted yet and some were blind-posted directly to miners so that you could never see them to try to outbid them.
The only winning strategies in this game are 1&gt; "offer unreasonably high bounties immediately that no other actor would ever sanely offer" which is a bit self defeating if everybody else tries the same strategy, or 2&gt; your transaction can't post, so either you or a complicated software solution capable of signing your private keys on your behalf will have to stay on 24/7 to make sure your money finally moves sometimes this month.
By the time this outcome becomes measurable, I'll have already sold my holdings (and if I can't even post the txn to transfer control of my BTC then I'll have to sell the private key to somebody patient enough to keep feeding the bill into the machine and patiently de-wrinkling it until it takes) and moved on to LTC or whatever is the next in line that doesn't share this vulnerability.
@_date: 2015-06-02 21:10:05
I don't think "winning the fork race" will be decided based on ticker price of both competing coins, though, and because of that what I hodl or not would not help either fork compete.
Once they get their own ticker, they are basically two different alts in the public view which already guts Bitcoin's network effects pretty badly. I'm pretty sure one will win quickly enough that the other one will be rendered unminable. Our astronomical difficulty helps to guarantee that outcome: both forks *cannot* survive unless at least 10% of mining power doggedly mines at the underdog fork to keep it from completely failing.
In fact, one lucky point is that it's easier for the 1MB fork to die this way, since slower blocktimes would congest them pretty quickly and they'd never catch up with the mempool! xD
I think miners will have finished choosing a side long before exchanges start making books for each fork.. and most exchanges will hold off longer than technically necessary because they would prefer not to have their darling currency smeared by the "New Coke" PR.
@_date: 2015-06-04 18:56:28
No, [this is a shit poll](
@_date: 2015-06-02 21:05:29
Well, I mean one leading to the other. In particular, human political opinions about which software to run which may eventually harden into humans running forked software to compete over which fork they think will win.
Would you find it catastrophic for the network to split, or for people to stop agreeing to run the same software enforcing the same rules?
Because you are presently supporting that outcome in favor of a larger blocksize. Thus, if you find that outcome catastrophic then we must logically infer you would still find it *favorable* to simply agreeing on a larger blocksize.
@_date: 2015-06-11 01:37:21
well, a $2kusd+ bounty is liable to get anyone's attention, isn't it?
@_date: 2015-06-01 23:02:48
Umm. he did?
Excerpt from this conversation:


@_date: 2015-06-02 21:01:58
Here's one way to look at this that nobody ever seems to bring up.
**If** you are a miner, **and** you are faced with an especially busy mempool, such that balling it all up into a block would make the block over 50MB, **then** there exist quite a few miners who would not be able to finish downloading your 50MB block before they had a decent chance of mining their own against an older block, effectively orphaning yours.
That is already a mining incentive to keep block sizes low, and to avoid including transactions with too low of a fee.
Another incentive grows as the subsidy diminishes: devaluing your own service. The more you allow cheapskates to move their money (by including their transactions in your block instead of delaying them by skipping them) the more you encourage people to be cheapskates. The more you discourage this by both refusing service to cheapskate txn and almost more importantly, loudly advertising your minimum tx fee requirements and working closely with wallet makers to support what you think a healthy tx fee is, the more you train the populace to pay you what you are worth.
The advantages of this strategy over artificial block scarcity are multifold, but perhaps most importantly you can train the public (and the wallet makers which have to hand-hold most of the public) to offer you a fairly predictable fee.
@_date: 2015-06-01 20:16:32
stupid, fat, blocksize!
@_date: 2015-06-26 20:36:55


But that is only a monopole of information. Knowing which domain "you" are accessing means little when they can't tell who "you" are.
@_date: 2015-06-02 02:05:41
We must immediately force all users to pay $60 per transaction in "compete against everyone else in the world who wants to even move money" contests instead. :/
@_date: 2015-06-02 21:20:01


I don't see why, the financial need to move money between untrusted parties is finite, and grows more slowly than the advance of network technology. For example, 1GB blocks would be far more than we would require to take over all of VISA's transaction volume, therefor it is unlikely to ever see legitimate transaction levels reach that scale comparative to today's cost to run a node.


A metric which was immediately replaced by number of cores per die.
Moore's original formula was doubling every year. We are still doubling every time period, it's just that the "year" term slows down over time. The result is still an exponential (eg, larger than polynomial) result, however, while human financial needs continue to rise by variants of metcalfe's law which *is* polynomial. :3
@_date: 2015-06-02 01:36:28
Raising the limit will not reduce the number of full nodes, it would have to be coupled by a *raise in transaction volume* which by itself would imply an increase in the number of *end users* before the resources of *any* full nodes would even experience any higher consumption.
But it doesn't matter because network security is not improved by number of full nodes: a full node only secures the people who *use it* to verify tx related to their own wallets.
On the other hand, block congestion leading to non-normative fee requirements and delays would reduce the number of end users which in turn would reduce full nodes because who needs to secure their wallets for an expensive, malfunctional currency that they no patronize?
@_date: 2015-06-02 01:23:53
To which need do you refer? Mr. Todd refers to the need brought about by on-chain transactions no longer functioning. That need would quite effectively be at least postponed by larger block sizes.
@_date: 2015-06-02 01:48:10
Primarily conflict of interest due to many of the other devs working for Blockstream and/or Viacoin.
But whatever: once blocks congest, Litecoin is most likely to get my money instead of either of those two outfits. :(
@_date: 2015-12-08 00:52:58
Does it have to be? He runs the sub, I'm just some schmoe.
@_date: 2015-06-10 01:30:02
Feel free, most restaurants that I know of will comp the check or portions thereof if you are unsatisfied with your meal.
When you find a restaurant that covertly leaks pennies out of your debit account for every bite you take, prior to your even being able to finish evaluating the food, you let me know.
@_date: 2015-06-15 23:02:30
This is right after Coinbase opened their automatic trading API, so this could be as much of a code shakedown as anything else.
@_date: 2015-06-10 19:39:43
Again, assuming that you tender the donation prior to installing the software, how in the world is it even going to know which wallet to credit?
@_date: 2015-06-02 02:04:23
In the face of *literally* ignoring them since personally writing the "alt discussions are off-topic" rule you see over in that sidebar, until this "let's break bitcoin on purpose because artificial scarcity sounds fun" debate, I can still name The Pirate Bay and BTC-E off the top of my head. I saw the Litecoin option at some other place where I spent Bitcoin recently too, but limiting myself to not Googling for it (as being unfair to your question in spirit) I forget which one.
That said, please venture beyond this sub and ask somebody you meet on the street how many places accept BTC. You'll be lucky if they've ever even heard of BTC.. or, if you live in Oregon you'll be lucky if they've ever even heard of *the Internet*. :P
@_date: 2015-06-04 17:48:07
[The Four Yorkshiremen Sketch]( for whoever is not already familiar with this touchstone of Western Canon. ;3
@_date: 2015-06-04 16:58:37
I've seen them sent within the past 18 months (eg, after the latest dust rules were applied).
You cannot allow *individual* transactions to move that little currency, but you can use one tx to send to thousands of destinations at a time and get each tx above the dust rules that way.
@_date: 2015-06-04 16:59:58
Can you find one of those multisends and link to us on blockchain.info, or at least use their info view to find out how many bytes the transaction was?
At that scale, the marginal number of bytes per output would be very close to total size of that tx divided by number of outputs.
@_date: 2015-06-10 01:57:46
True, but you wouldn't have to support people that didn't pay for the software. Heck, that's how most FOSS handle support contracts, to boot.
People who pirate often do come back and either purchase or donate to development teams that have added value to their lives. Moreso if it's important to them that a widget works, and they'd have to pay for support.
Putting up a paywall before a person can even evaluate if a software is going to work for them (including and especially sneaking your fingers into their pockets via the fine print) instead has the effect of alienating users and keeping entire populations at an arms length.
There are at least half a dozen other wallet services that offer the primary features that Multibit HD does that do not force any money out of anybody's wallets, and those populations of users (that it sounds as though you are vilifying as deadbeats instead of learning how to strike deals with) will use and donate to those projects instead of Multibit because of this unsettling attitude that just because you designed a wallet, that your fingers get to follow that wallet into everybody's pockets and personal lives. :(
@_date: 2015-06-15 00:49:05
AT&amp;T doesn't have to modify how it routes shit. As the user, I get to modify that by piping incoming packets into a VPN that secretly takes the packets to a different place.
@_date: 2015-06-02 01:01:10


A lot of people have made a lot of claims about blockchain scaleability. Which specific claim against it are you citing here as some kind of a fact-that-need-not-be-named?


Does that mean you've worked out any sort of demonstration that specific lightning use cases would compress blockchain usage by any specific big O?
In the case of "every bitcoin user chooses to make every new transaction with a completely different party heretofore unknown to them" no lightning channel could ever get more than one use which would lead to a compressibility of zero.
I pay my son $X worth of BTC per month as allowance, so *maybe* that could go in a lightning channel, except that he normally spends it all every month which he wouldn't be able to do unless we settle the channel every month (completely defeating it's purpose) or he can somehow convince major BTC vendors to share the channel he got his wages on. So what if they don't want to play ball with wages and try to demand that he join channels they founded, but then each vendor runs incompatible channel tech?
I think that lightning sounds great and I'm looking forward to seeing it tested in the wild, but I would happily move my savings to litecoin before leaping out into the void of block congestion just assuming that this unimplemented tech will solve every problem in the world before my feet hit the ground again. O_O
@_date: 2015-06-11 02:03:39


Well, I don't view that number of nodes is in the least bit important to network health. Number of miners (or in modern times, successful mining pool operators) distributing the hash power to as many places as possible is helpful to network health, and each of those kind of has to run a node. In turn, every business that does enough Bitcoin volume to heavily care about security is best suited to run a node. If no other people did, and there was a lot of SPV activity instead, I would call that network perfectly healthy. But we'll never even get *that* bad off, either. :J


But the challenge to running a node has never been the hardware. Any computer or half-way decent smartphone today can run a node in the background with no huge impact to it's CPU, RAM, or Disk resources.
What the obstructionists are up in arms about is the network bandwidth running a node requires. In particular, if every block weighed 1MB (the current limit), then that represents 13kbps or nearly *33%* of one of the bandwidth you can get out of one those shiny new 56k modems. An increase to 20MB blocks (even assuming they instantly get filled with mystery traffic from Neptune, or something) would raise the stakes up to ~256kbps, or the absolute lowest quality (144p) offered by Netflix and Youtube video streaming services before they begin to buffer into completely unwatchability.
@_date: 2015-06-01 20:38:12
And in case they *can't* sell due to congestion, they can probably pawn off private keys at pennies on the dollar or something to whomever does have the patience to do ten thousand fee-replace operations until they can squeak through at a measly 5% tx fee on some Sunday at 3am.
Bank runs are never, ever a pretty sight.
@_date: 2015-06-26 20:31:09
Parts of them are, and 100mbps fiber (with no latency or jitter needs) in an internationally rural area is still cheaper than becoming a bank and linking to the traditional fiat system. Anybody who can do that can offer bitcoin services to end users without the expense of a fiat bank account.
If end users have 100kbps connections, they can participate at the SPV level. If they have SMS-only connections, then yeah, they're kind of going to be limited to proxying through a better connected node no matter what the max-blocksize looks like.
But, proxying through a fairly local institution who can tx btc on your behalf to other local institutions for costs less than $0.10usd plus their local time and effort worth of purchasing power remains a dominant game theoretical position to trying to proxy through the nearest limb of the single, global banking system.
@_date: 2015-06-04 16:56:34
I can confirm: is revolting. :P
@_date: 2015-06-15 05:22:46
This is actually pretty funny. So you're making assumptions like "the path of a packet follows a geodesic over the surface of the earth at the speed of light to it's target", are you? xD
When I traceroute reddit.com from my house, I see a 30ms delay over my DSL aggregator: so, 1.5 miles to a CO downtown. Beyond that, the next 15 ms traces a path south to a different CO in town, north to Seattle, south again to Portland, and then finally terminating in LA.
Straight path? Hell no. How did timing relate to distance? 30ms for 1.5 miles, then 15ms for a total of 1,400 miles in a zigzag path.
Now here is the fun part. I can press three buttons on my telephone to pull the BGP routes through the other AS we passed through here in town, and that same path will grow another thousand miles longer over our secondary upstream provider... *to the same destination*. Let's add some more fun. We provide access to a wealthy gated community about 40 miles north of here, that follows a chain of seven different microwave links so anybody who lives there is another good 150ms away.
And have you ever *seen* the latency over a satelite link? (*That* ought to look a lot like something is in orbit.. because PART OF IT IS!) How about over 3g Mobile? 
A friend of mine who gets poor internet service in Australia basically always gets good bandwidth, but my pings to him can be as low as 110ms (eg, he looks closer than the gated community to my north by your metric :P) or as high as a solid 2,500ms for hours on end. On bad days we cannot play multiplayer games together, and the delays on skype calls amplify off to over 30 seconds sometimes (conservative buffering..) but he would have no trouble running a full node or even mining over that connection.
@_date: 2015-06-10 02:14:29
The word "selfish" implies the myopic incapacity to see beyond immediate gains to oneself.
For example: running up credit card bills today that you wind up having to pay off several times over tomorrow.
@_date: 2015-06-03 01:53:40


Because you said:


Ordinary end users using today's ordinary software will suddenly not be able to move their money unless they monkey around in non-friendly settings and put auction bids in where the TX fee is supposed to go. Neither Bitcoin Core nor default mining software supports any sort of replace-by-fee mechanism — instead blocking all but the first tx they see — so once users make a "bid" they are stuck with it until it either finally wins it's trip to Hawaii or dies in the mempool trying up to a day later.
That only describes "slight impediment" if the speaker happens to be Marie Antoinette.
As for my "straw men", you wouldn't be classifying them as such unless what you think will happen is significantly dissimilar from either case, which represent the two most popular perspectives I am just getting sick of arguing against.
If you feel like ordinary commerce will not proceed with lightning networks or sidechains or any other yet unimplemented technology, and you feel it will not be settled by centralized off-chain ledgers, then how do you think ordinary commerce is meant to proceed?
@_date: 2015-06-26 20:10:07
Also, I like sandwiches with coleslaw on them. (?)
@_date: 2015-06-11 01:48:32
Running a full node offers security for the person running that node, not for anybody else. That said, the security of running even a humble SPV node remains far, far higher than the security of **using a credit card** or any of the hundred financial decisions that **billions** of people are already happy to make every day.
But in other news, capping blocksize will offer neither added security nor increased adoption of full nodes. Instead, it will just add one more motivation for end users to hand their balances over to centralized, off-chain brokers and payment networks or even to move to alts with less arbitrarily imposed friction than bidding wars to make your transaction ever be confirmed to begin with.
@_date: 2015-06-01 23:51:08
Well miners are not forced to fill blocks. It is my opinion that the strongest strategy for any miners is to loudly advertise the minimum fee schedule that they will accept, and then turn away any transactions that fail to meet it: full block or no.
Of course with a full block, they have to turn away even some transactions that do meet it, but that stops being up to the miner at that point which is why we want to avoid full blocks.
The result of this is that the advertisement will lead to at least some caution in the transacting public that they ought to bid higher than this minimum or they will be delayed every time that miner finds a block. The more miners that adopt this strategy, the more delay-based incentive that users have to meet the demands of all of the miners who set reasonable fee schedules.
At the end of the day, the only revenue a miner can turn away due to underpayment is bounded: because only so many cheapskate transactions can even *fit* in a block, whatever the finite max size is. However, the potential revenue from training your userbase to pay you what you are worth is far higher.
This is, in fact, precisely the same dynamic that hotels use, and why hotels will never first-bid blind-auction off their rooms and stay in business even though their building is almost never filled to capacity. So long as people *think* they can purchase a ritzy hotel room for nothing more than the price of having it cleaned when they leave, then that is all they will ever bid.
But if you advertise "it costs $X to stay here", and turn 3am patrons away from your 25% full building who offer &lt;$X, and they go stay at a dumpier hotel instead, then you are effectively solidifying in the mind of the public that you are worth $X and you will be surprised to find that they will pay it! So long as it is reasonable and the market will bear it, which I believe rests around $0.10usd per txn or less.
@_date: 2015-06-10 02:03:45
You tell me. Has Apache stopped making it's web server yet, or do they install malware onto servers that shaves pennies off of every Ecommerce transaction you try to proffer through their software?
@_date: 2015-06-02 20:27:59
Let me put it this way, then: I sell all of the "refuse to raise the limit" forked coins for an alt, and stand pat on all of the "yay the limit got raised" coins.
If the former wins the mining, then my stand becomes worthless and I'm invested in an alt. If the larger block fork wins, then I get investment in an alt *plus* keep all of my wonderful, and now again *functional* BTC. :D
@_date: 2015-06-04 16:49:37
^(( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)^)
@_date: 2015-06-15 23:09:13
How can you view the stories? Is the publishing pump just not yet primed or something?
It would be nifty to at least see an example output or a testnet. It's got to be hard to get people on board if it's not clear how what they will be packaging will be rebroadcast to the world.
@_date: 2015-06-02 19:51:48


Why do I have to flag so many people with "loosened max blocksize restrictions do not guarantee that every block will be that size" penalty cards?
When Bitcoin was created, max blocksize was 33MB. Yes, nearly double what everybody is pissing and moaning about climbing back to today. So how come that did not force the blockchain to bloat by 142GB extra every month? Why were the blocks 100kb or less the entire time?
Oh yeah, because we were **not** running 55 transactions per second then, **nor** would we be running 17,000 transactions per second today.
So think on this for a moment. So long as a majority of the miners cannot download a 1GB block faster than they will find the next block, they will not hash against that block either and it will get orphaned. That is self-limiting spamblock control, and even today it makes relatively smaller blocks more valuable to miners (more likely to get endorsed) than relatively larger ones and gives them a **natural** incentive (as opposed to an artificial scarcity based one) to limit how many cheapskate transactions they endorse.
@_date: 2015-06-01 20:30:26




And why would you make that assumption?
"Same or better" security would only call for "same or better" difficulty, as measured in dollars of hardware investment required to meet said difficulty.
If the difficulty rises through the ceiling beyond what the network actually needs to remain secure, then miners will find a plateau (either with subsidies or without) where it is no longer profitable for them to keep adding computing horsepower, and the difficulty *will lower back down* again.
The important take home is that difficulty is not some magical weather system that everybody has to shelter against. It is a *side effect* of how much effort is globally bent towards mining, and it only increases as it has over the past year because miners honestly find it profitable keep heating up the competition.
@_date: 2015-06-30 23:54:27
Bookmark this url instead. ;3
@_date: 2015-06-15 00:30:31
Let's be clear: If I choose to denominate my $1usd bill as being equivalent to a zillion Zimbabwe dollars, the value of my $1usd bill is not suddenly made less scarce or less valuable as a result.
If I chose to denominate it as being a tiny, difficult to divide farther rice-grain of gold, then it does not become more scarce, more precious, or more valuable.
The entire market cap has a global value, and pieces of that market cap have a value defined relative only to that. If I control half of the bitcoins (be that 2 out of 4 units or 2 quintillion out of 4 quintillion units) then I control exactly no more nor less than half of that value.
Being able to salami slice that value thinner and thinner does not increase or decrease it appreciably, and does not change how scarce the *value* is. It only changes how scarce meaninglessly small, atomic subslices of the value are.
"Enough value to trade for a bar of gold" is not affected by how easy or difficult it is to find somebody willing to put forth the busy-work effort to trade for a rice-grain worth of gold.
@_date: 2015-06-30 23:57:14


.. is this assuming that stale transactions just never fall out of the mempool? I was under the impression that no tx was allowed to remain unconfirmed in the pool for more than 24 hours.
@_date: 2015-06-30 23:51:21
Well, perhaps Coinbase simply lack the raw bandwidth required to keep downloading entire 1MB blocks every 10 freaking minutes, eh?
And if a huge, multi-national corporation can't keep up with the current max blocksize, how on earth shall I keep my altruistic full node running on my abacus via tin-cans-and-string bandwidth? xD
@_date: 2015-06-10 01:35:31
How will people know that Multibit HD doesn't contain malware?
This entire fee issue seems to be a surprise to many after all, and that's kind of the definition of malware: it starts using your computing resources (and in this case the bitcoin balance that you entrust to it) in ways you did not consent to.
@_date: 2015-06-01 23:39:42


I am sorry, but there are some valid arguments for what?
People who want to increase the blocksize want to, now and forever, avoid block congestion. Block congestion is Bad™.
Most of the people against this move are not concerned about unexpected effects to the blockchain, they are specifically concerned about either things like "making it hard to run a full node" or "block congestion is our lord and savior to force people to compete to pay TX fees before their money can move".
In what way is it not reasonable to ask the blockchain congestion connoisseurs why they do not push for block sizes approaching zero? If they believe that you can force fees out of people via artificial scarcity then they are not illustrating any principal that bottoms out how effective that scarcity would be as it approached zero.
@_date: 2015-06-02 01:53:58


Default wallet minimum is already 0.0001btc ~ 2.2cents and virtually all transactions offer that, so what makes you think it can guarantee you space in a block when 1,200 legitimate transactions line up to vie for every 1,000 slot block?
No, you will either have to compete to offer "higher tx than any sane person would ever think to offer" against over a thousand other equally desperate people, or you will have to recraft and re-offer your tx like a wrinkled bill that the vending machine keeps spitting back out until some magical, rainy Sunday morning at 3am the traffic slows and you make it through with most of your shirt still on.


Yeah, after they take on all of the Bitcoin refugees as that blockchain craters under the congestion they will probably raise the limit *well* ahead of schedule. :P
@_date: 2015-06-02 02:08:46
Only as long as the blocks do not congest so that I can use it to perform the unheard-of feat of moving money, which you appear to be the one classifying as "no clear benefit".
@_date: 2015-06-01 22:59:51
Maybe we're just downvoting image and popularity contest concerns as irrelevant in favor of what technical measures need to be implemented and what actual data supports those decisions?
There is a topic, and "seems a little wonky" character judgments from the peanut gallery do not fit that topic.
@_date: 2015-06-15 22:41:38
In addition to argument that cost is not yet a significant factor, it is also not a factor we have sufficient control over.
If we raise the block limit from 1MB to 20MB today, the cost of running a node will not change today. In fact, the cost of running a node in one hypothetical reality compared to another would not decouple until after *every block* in the 1MB chain congests for such a long time that transactions begin to time out and the people trying to post those transactions *literally give up* trying to replay them, and choose another use of their money that involves less use of the blockchain as a result of that failure instead.
Luke JR and others rely on those decisions being made by bots who can no longer profit off of cheap blockchain access and gamblers who somehow sober up because of a tiny amount of transactional friction.
I am fairly certain that 90% or more of ordinary bitcoin users would give up (especially without heretofore unwritten wallet software to act as an automated  transaction-fee-auction advocate for you) long before the bots and the gambling addicted will.
Maximum block size cannot control blockchain growth, and thus cost to run a node, without first acting as an explicit punishment against the entire userbase for choosing Bitcoin over any much more accessible altcoin.
And who wants to run a node now 1% easier to run due to 1% of transactions over the past day or two being declined, if the transactions you try to post face the precise same Russian roulette scenario as everyone else's?
So an astoundingly weak bid to reduce costs comes at the expense of a very loud gutting of benefits.
@_date: 2015-06-01 23:28:38
I was there for the BDB hard fork. Even though almost every major miner, exchange, and wallet service was in irc figuring out the strategy (fall back to buggy 0.7.x for the sake of consensus .. basically, everyone forward thinking enough to upgrade should apply that forward thinking to downgrading again).. it still took 24 blocks for the 0.7.x chain to actually win out and OKcoin or somebody got a double-spend against them on the wrong fork during that time.
Then how many months did it take to convince the mining majority to **upgrade past a provable bug in their software!?**
Now we're asking them to upgrade when they have halfway-rational reason to believe that artificial scarcity could earn them more profits.
No, this boat will not turn on a dime good sir.
@_date: 2015-06-02 01:46:01
I am with you on the "yeah, whatever chain I use I am just doing all of my commerce there", but if Bitcoin block congests then Bitcoin will stop being the chain I would use. So there's that.
Litecoin would probably get my business just because it's the best known alt and (I have checked to make sure that's still true) has the largest market cap to begin with, thus one would hope the best merchant adoption out of the gate.
But, all told, I would much prefer to stay with BTC by way of seeing the blocksize limit increased.
@_date: 2015-06-02 20:12:27


I would ask you to show me said spam, but you would just point to Satoshi Dice and mixing and every other form of economic transaction you do not personally patronize, whether they pay their dues or not.
Most notably, you'll claim that using static addresses on the blockchain to gamble when you could do that offchain is spam while using static addresses on the blockchain to pay out from a mining pool when *that* could be done offchain is not.
@_date: 2015-06-03 21:06:23
I've been talking to people and putting together some code that will allow us to, for an aggregate cost of $3-4usd per minute, flood the mempool with transactions that have fees *just* a little bit higher than wallet defaults. That should be enough to fill every block with our transactions and deny service to 99.9% of legitimate attempts to use the blockchain.
At least until users either start monkeying with their own default tx settings (in which case, whatever new common tx becomes popular should be similarly inexpensive for us to outbid en masse) or people begin to realize precisely how stupid 1MB blocks are, at least lacking replace-by-fee smart-bidding wallets of unknown design or lightning/sidechannel/flying cars we keep getting told about. :P
@_date: 2015-06-10 01:42:20
He isn't talking about anybody being forced to download his fork from source any more than you would have to download and build Multibit HD. He's just talking about hosting the binaries on Github (I suppose Sourceforge might be an alternative, to boot) to duck paying for SSL certs, and offering the source alongside for anybody who doubts the binaries.
You know, like virtually every other FOSS developer does.
@_date: 2015-06-01 23:04:12
Um.. if Satoshi were not frustrated then he would have had no motivation to invent Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-06-11 23:49:57


I'm sorry, but what dial?
Forcing fewer transactions is the *exact opposite* of decentralization.
It's a philosophy on par with charging fee-auctions to run a web server (so that only the top 1000 fee-payers who want to run a web server are allowed to) under the presumption that fewer people trying to serve web pages mean that less traffic burdens the backbone of the internet so that more people can afford to be an ISP, or some nonsense like that.
Of course with fewer websites to browse less people would sign on to be clients of this service, which also means less profit for ISPs and they get equally shafted.
Likewise, running a node is something you do to defend your transactions, or possibly something people could pay you to do to defend their SPV-enabled transactions. If the transactions themselves get priced out of the hands of the common man as some kind of a "settlement only network", then there would be no reason for you to run a node even if it were inexpensive to handle the hardware.
Look at it this way: your PC can outperform the PDP-11's that huge banks use to run their networks. If you had the opportunity to run a cryptographically cheat-proof node that served to increase security for Wells Fargo, and you got zero remuneration for doing so (unless you paid WF the standard $35-50usd to fire off international wire transactions, which are the transaction type you are doing a miniscule amount to help to secure), would you run that software 24/7 and open ports on your router to save this big bank a few dollars of expense on their own part?
What do you mean "of course you would"? I certainly wouldn't, and I came to Bitcoin to avoid centralized nonsense of exactly that type.
So if Bitcoin starts congesting transactions for the supposed benefit of the few who can still afford to compete against each other in the "let's see if our money will even move today" sweepstakes, then my money will (slowly and painfully, as room in a block allows) move to some alt that didn't go all De Beers on us.
@_date: 2015-06-10 00:51:30
You also don't know about this consequence until after their hands are already in your pockets, so..
@_date: 2015-06-15 00:42:43
Being confused by re-basing the units for Bitcoin is no different from being confused by re-basing distance measurements from miles to feet.
If you stop saying that something is 10 miles away and start saying that it is 52,800 ft away, you have not pushed that destination farther away from you.
So what if they don't know how much one arbitrary unit of bitcoin is worth? Maybe they don't know how long a mile or a foot is, either. The only solution is to show them: travel a mile, show them a 12" ruler, compare the two and then fill in the gap with math: "1::5280"
If they don't know how much 1BTC or 1mBTC or 1"bits" is, then that's no different from not knowing how much a dollar (or a euro or a yen) is worth. Find a shop that displays prices in BTC (or dollars or euros or yen) and start comparing. Once they've got a general feeling, then clinch the math with "1::232" and show them how to view the market to watch that exchange rate change due to forces utterly unrelated to how thinly you slice them. :J
@_date: 2015-06-11 01:39:48
*squints* at map.
"Philippines" did not exist on the original board, so somebody's been nerfing my early Australia advantage. haha!
@_date: 2015-06-02 00:23:27


But I'm not arguing taste, I am arguing fact. Are you the type of person who looks at a science book and decides you're just going to go with creationism instead because the pictures in the science book weren't a compelling color?
If you get to decide which bids will or will not use your resource, then you do yourself a disservice to prefer liquidating your stock over setting and advertising a minimum price. After all, your resource can only have enough value to lead you to pay the expense to proffer it if it has value to bidders to partake of it.
For a hotel owner, those bids are whoever shows up to the hotel to check in. For a miner, that's whatever transactions are in the mempool when you win the lottery to form a block.
@_date: 2015-06-01 23:55:47


What kind of spam do you mean though? Any actual transactions still have to pay txn fees, and miners are still free to kick any underpayments to the curb as they see fit, which in turn means that any volume of transactions still has to pay it's due.
@_date: 2015-06-04 17:59:51
The seed itself from outside input is random, the act of using a cryptographically trusted pseudorandom number generator is just a method to make the most out of the available entropy and *is optional*.
Alternately, you can take your sensor input, throw away components of the data signal that may be predictable or biased, and be left with raw, utterly unpredictable bits with 1:1 entropy.
You're just not liable to obtain an amazing number of those bits per second, unless you [purposefully throw more sensors better suited to high entropy output]( into the mix.
The irony being that these deterministic computers (or the deterministic segments of hardware and software in these computers), incapable of inventing new entropy from out of the internals of their by-design predictable circuits, are on the other hand the absolute **very best method known to mankind** to reliably *process* entropy which has been obtained from another source. :J
@_date: 2015-06-16 23:49:52
This sounds like an accusation of succumbing to [Semantic Satiation]( :O
@_date: 2015-06-15 01:00:08
Look for the one in the middle row that says "old". :&gt;
@_date: 2015-06-03 01:56:32
If one of the forks fail (eg, 99% of miners abandon it so no new blocks are getting signed for days on end) before any exchanges get their druthers together to retool their websites, cold storage and entire business to support split balances, then there won't be any clear avenues to separately price the coins prior to the contest being over.
While not the guaranteed, outcome, I'm 75% certain that is how this will play out.
@_date: 2015-06-04 17:09:13


That's quite misleading.
Random numbers are by definition non-deterministic, so a *purely deterministic* computer system cannot output them. However real life computer systems only approximate true determinism, and a vast majority of them include some hardware interface or another capable of offering lovely amounts of entropy.
For PC's in the 90's running PGP, a fan favorite was using the mouse and keyboard and asking the user to monkey around for a bit. But today's mobile phones have more sensors than most 20th century airplanes did. Motion sensing, gyroscopes, microphone, wireless network connectivity, GPS receivers, etc. It would be child's play to use any combination of these crazy things to feed /dev/random or EGD.
@_date: 2015-06-01 22:29:23
It is my opinion that Block Congestion is Bad™, and should literally never happen.
Here's the breakdown: **When** absolute maximum blocksize is reached, **then** miners have absolutely no control over how many transactions to accept. So long as more than X transactions are in the mempool, and more than Y per time period keep coming in, some transactions are **guaranteed to fail**: regardless of how many private islands of transaction fee they offer.
That in turn describes a broken transactional system that will turn away users, who can't even sell their coin without giving up half the value to TX fees, so they start selling the private keys instead just to get out faster.
In contrast, without any maximum blocksize ceiling Miners already have exactly the same incentive to prioritize transactions as any hotel operators do. They can set a minimum fee — ideally very loudly advertising this fact to users in the process — and then simply not accept transactions that offer less.
Please try this experiment. Head to a hotel in the off season that offers rooms for $200/night. Wait until 3am, and confirm that they  still have vacancies. Calculate the actual *cost* to them of renting out a room compared to leaving it empty, and offer to stay in that room for precisely that cost plus $0.01usd.
They will laugh at you and turn away your disgusting penny.
A dollar over cost? They will laugh at you and turn away your dollar.
Ten dollars *under* retail? They will apologize, and explain that the value of profit you are now offering them is still not enough to sabotage the perceived value of their product. Look, if you pay full price today I'll give you a coupon for $10 off your next stay, how does that sound?
That is all that miners have to do: be willing to stop bending over to pick up every piece of lint that comes their way. After all, the aggregate amount they stand to lose by turning away lint is a bounded value compared to the potentially unlimited value of training the public to pay enough not to get their transactions delayed.
@_date: 2015-06-02 02:32:58
Isn't it always ulterior motives? :P
@_date: 2015-06-10 01:31:30
Yet right on the front page of their website, which is where you get lead from bitcoin.org's wallet recommendation page:


@_date: 2015-06-12 01:34:31
"Let them install Mint"
\- - FevaForDaFlava
@_date: 2015-06-10 02:01:39


in direct response to saying


I find that putting words into other people's mouths that directly contravenes what they have *actually said* is more of an asshole thing to do than simply sharing your opinion is, just for the record. :P
@_date: 2015-06-02 01:41:59
But why isn't that improvement already rebased in?
This is what some people are concerned about: if we're going out on this limb, is there anything holding us back from improvements to the road not taken?
@_date: 2015-06-02 19:59:46
1&gt; I have had heated arguments with over a dozen people in this forum who are perfectly happy to leave things precisely as they are today, and who are convinced that block congestion censoring, delaying and extorting virtually every transaction arbitrarily will be the best thing that's happened since the De Beers diamond cartel.
2&gt; by the time we have actual evidence of block congestion (eg: real people's transactions get dumped because they don't know how to change the mining fee on their wallet, and even if they did there exists no formula to tell them what fee is safe because there no longer exists a safe, finite fee) it will be far too late to upgrade. 
The network would have to continue operating in a primarily malfunctional state for months while miners are convinced to upgrade, the miners themselves would get lavished by unprecedented fees (You're giving me twice the amount of money you are trying to move just to get out faster? Why, thank you kind stranger..) creating a stark conflict of short-term interest, and it would only take a few days for the majority of end-users to divest the sinking ship and start strengthening one or more alts in it's place.
@_date: 2015-06-09 23:56:56
People would only not use it after finding out about the problem, which if the wallet maker were less scrupulous than this they might not advertise before the send.
OP's issue with this situation is that most users aren't going to learn of the extra fee until their money is already in the wallet, and then there is no clear exit without paying a pittance to the person that apparently tricked you to lock in your funds.
@_date: 2015-06-02 00:48:01
What? Bitcoin holders running full nodes do not affect the exchange price.
The real take home is that "number of full nodes" has no impact on our network *at all*. Amount of mining hash power secures our network and *a node* can only secure *the person who runs that node*. If a thousand people all trust *a node*, then that node can keep them secure via SPV or via hosted wallets or whatever, up to and not including their reason for trusting it's operator.
But even if running a node becomes so difficult that you have to shell out $X/yr just to subscribe to SPV off of one of them, that is still a *predictable* price where block congestion leads to absolutely non-normative fees and delays instead.
@_date: 2015-06-15 00:33:14
Please excuse me while I suffer from complete cardiovascular failure over the shock of learning that something trivial got upvoted more on reddit than something substantial did.
@_date: 2015-06-02 00:39:24




If that were really true in every circumstance, then why have a blockchain to begin with?
Centralized offchain services — *including* changetip — are by themselves no different from paypal or visa. They are just central ledgers that nobody can do business with without first creating a business relationship with them. They are both able to, and by various national laws *required* to investigate and censor transactions. They represent single points of failure for default and for fraud.
Plus, they cannot offer fiat conversion services to more than one geographic region or currency without having to take on a thousand money transmitter licences until they begin to approximate the overhead of Western Union.
I — and frankly no sane people — believe that centralized, off-chain solutions should *never* be used. The problem comes from Peter Todd and his ilk that try to push them as a panacea to ever using the blockchain at all.
Even if we do wind up doing a lot of transactions off-chain (and for microtxn of $0.01usd and less, there are no other present-technology solutions) we still *need* that central rail of on-chain connectivity to move money out of changetip and into coinbase, or out of the USD exchange and into the PESO exchange. 
And, just as importantly, out of third-party control and into cold storage.
Adding unreasonable (and in the case of block congestion *undefinable*) transactional friction to those moves absolutely kills the golden goose and will lead to Bitcoin's blockchain and unit value failing while the next best altcoin waiting in the wings simply steps into center stage.
@_date: 2015-06-15 00:37:52
If the value of goods for which the cracker could be exchanged doubled.. and then the lady fakes you out and doesn't bother breaking it in half at all, then the girl would *still* be twice as well off.
EG: breaking the cracker in half would be completely unrelated to the sudden and unexpected increase in trade value.
@_date: 2015-06-02 20:43:39
In my world the Blockchain represents a payment network, and like most networks it's utility begins to falter when critical payloads are delayed or dropped due to congestion.
Do you feel like your internet connection gains more value if you have a lower bandwidth cap? Then why would you feel that about the Blockchain?
Higher bandwidth costs more, so you don't want to pay for infinite bandwidth either, but you do not want your pipe saturated because Congestion Is Bad™, and when choosing how much bandwidth is the right balance, looking back five-six years and saying "I want no more than I had back then" is patently ludicrous.
@_date: 2015-06-10 00:32:37


For starters, he believes that every transaction type sufficiently different from whatever kind of transaction he might conceivably do is "spam" (he's fond of calling out Satoshi Dice, Coinjoin, etc as such) and that it is the job of the bitcoin protocol to ruin those transactions.
To this end he favors block congestion (as though gamblers wouldn't pay higher fees to gamble than ordinary people would to process legitimate transactions?), and address censorship, and he's perfectly happy to lean on short attention spans in the userbase (such as abusing his authority as maintainer of Bitcoin Core in the Gentoo repo) to slip his censoring forks of full node software under their noses under the label of being official and neutral.
When people make hay about his "being a religious nutjob" I think the crux of the accusation is that he brings the same doublethink that is required to live in the 21st century with telescopes pointed to the heavens measuring every perceivable event and still believe that the universe was created by an imaginary personality obsessed with medieval levels of purity in ape sex to the politics of software development.
Namely, cherry picking red herrings to dress up and justify your beliefs (ever seen the Creation Museum in Kentucky?) instead of putting the evidence first and forming (and reforming) your beliefs around what can be demonstrated to be true.
@_date: 2015-06-02 00:43:59
I am against standing pat at 1MB blocks. If the hard fork wound up being between 1MB and 1GB, I would choose the latter. :/
@_date: 2015-06-10 00:48:48
Nobody forced anybody to do business with PirateAt40 or MtGox either, so why does anybody get so upset at them?
As a new user who's never heard of anything, I go to Bitcoin.org and select a wallet. I choose Multibit. Paragraphs of text there, nothing says I'm locked into paying the developers any fees.
I follow the link to their home page. They have a paragraph that says "MultiBit is donationware. If you find MultiBit useful please consider donating 0.01 BTC. Your donation helps pay for server and development costs. Thanks." That sounds nice, let me try it for awhile and if it's as useful as it sounds I'll definitely throw some money at it to keep things running smoothly. Click the download link.
Now I'm not personally going to install the thing at this point, but from what I understand it downloads, it installs, you send money into your wallet, and 15-25 sends later it just starts helpfully leaking extra nickels out of your balance.
I would personally find this as equally unsettling to buying a couch and then a month later I learn that the couch seller broke into my home to "maintain" the couch, and took $1 out of my dresser drawer to pay himself for the trouble. It's not being out the $1 that concerns us, it's somebody manipulating the insides of one's house without our knowledge or consent.
@_date: 2015-06-03 02:02:16


No they don't. If the old fork fails quickly enough (eg, 99+% of miners switch to new fork), and this happens soon enough after a difficulty adjustment, then the remaining 1% of mining power that tried to stay (assuming they did all try, which it would be economically impossible to sustain) would have to mine for *nearly four years* just to get the 2000+ blocks required to reach the following adjustment.
And even then, the difficulty would not be able to adjust anywhere near far enough to suit this tiny array of miners and they would have to mine for at least another year just to yank it down to 3 months, etc.
Mathematically (and without further protocol changes to support you, such as a difficulty reset) this protocol may still be minable but economically it would cost millions of times more than it's return on investment.
@_date: 2015-06-02 00:08:39
This is every banker's argument against adopting Bitcoin at all, though.
@_date: 2015-06-03 23:54:18
Well, $100 *per minute* does at least begin to leave the budget of the type of bored rich kids who abuse their parent's credit cards to rent botnets to flood minecraft servers who have banned them, for starters.
I actually don't have a problem with removing hard limits on blocksize though. There is enough economic incentive for miners to avoid producing longer blocks even when they can be built out of profitable tx, given that they quickly increase their chance of being orphaned due to propagation delay.
We should not be trying to decide fees based on artificial blockspace scarcity. Miners should just (loudly) advertise per-tx fees they will accept, and the public can choose a fee that enough miners will accept that they can avoid potential confirmation delays.
@_date: 2015-06-02 20:23:49


.. none? There exist no off-chain services today that chose that model simply due to fears of block congestion. Changetip is the closest I can think of, they took over for Bitcointip because the latter felt too much friction by way of the transaction fees we already levy. But that would have been true at 1MB or 20MB or infinite max blocksize.
Most off-chain services do what they do because it is faster, easier, and cheaper (less friction) than having to endorse every single molecular movement against the blockchain. Also, in basically any circumstance where the central party has to move money automatically on it's customer's behalf (eg, without forcing customers to somehow sign every new transaction with privately held keys) the whole show is cleaner to do offchain.


Well since Peter Todd offered it as the only possible strawman response, there will exist no other option than for us to immediately disembowel one another and eat our infant children, will there?
We could never do anything reasonable, such as the 20MB today 40% increase per year suggestion Gavin *initially proposed* (or even *any* XMB today, Y% annual increase path we could all agree on). Peter Todd can't win any arguments if halfway well thought out counterarguments are offered, so we have to replace them with nonsense that is easier to mock.


The current size limits will be hit in a couple of months, and half of the innovation that people want (such as Lightning Networks) require protocol changes that XT offers and that all of the obstructionists will happily block for eternity anyway.
@_date: 2015-06-15 23:28:53
To me, the owners of bitcoin.org injecting their politics into the wallet selection process sounds like a centrally administered checkpoint.
What is it with people these days using the word "centralization" to refer to power accumulating.. but only when it accumulates in the hands of somebody that they happen to disagree with? Even when "somebody" turns out to be the democratic consensus of a zillion people who share nothing short of their disagreement with the speaker?
Fewer nodes leads to cries of "centralization", but the prescription to make space on the blockchain sufficiently artificially scarce that only the wealthy or the clearing houses could afford to transact there somehow is not.
@_date: 2015-06-02 01:30:28
It doesn't matter which is more important so long as they get implemented, does it? The Bitcoin XT fork proposal actually includes the ingredients Lightning needs to get started, whereas the "I'll never upgrade for anything" crowd isn't even interested in planning for that.


But the current blocksize limit is very controversial right now while virtually no other tunables (least of all subsidy schedule) are.
@_date: 2015-06-03 02:59:56


This may be one of the cruxes of our disagreement, then.
When I shop online with Bitcoin, I scan a qr code on my phone or click a url that opens my wallet and type a password, and then the payment is done. The merchant doesn't have to face chargebacks, so they are free to offer me loyalty discounts deeper than any cashback credit card *can* ever offer, since cashback credit cards pull every dollar out of the pocket of the merchant to offer to the consumer anyway.
In what way is this not dominant to filling out a dozen different web form fields with billing name, address, zip (which in my case are always different than the shipping address) cc type, cc number, exp month dropdown, exp day dropdown, cvv2, then being redirect to the visa protect "look we make you remember a password too" brigade?
Not to mention that the bitcoin purchase insulates you just about completely from identity theft or PII abuse concerns.
At physical point of sale Bitcoin payment options still have a lot of maturing to do, but if you display a QR code to me on a terminal or hand me a receipt with a QR code on it then typing a password into the wallet software on my telephone isn't that much more work than having to type debit pins into little terminals or sign receipts or sign at the swipe terminal.
The other business model your high TX fee future is ignoring is remittances. That cannot be done off-chain, because Bitcoin's entire edge over Western Union and it's ilk is that value can be moved from one local fiat exchange to another across the world without either of them having to maintain either global presence or compliance with globally complicated money transmission regulation.
Making certain that only a certain number of people, only a certain number of times per day can use a system is elitist and it means that people will simply avoid that system. If the end users who patronize Bitcoin and shop at Overstock and Gyft today evacuate to avoid inflated fees and transaction-ruining delays (is bitpay liable to continue offering 15 minute price pegs when few tx will even clear that quickly?) then whichever alt gets the most of their business also gets crowned the new seat of network effects, and *any* player who might have paid needlessly high fees or faced delays to try to use BTC would be incentivized to just use the hot new alt instead.
Look at it this way: if the early days of the internet lead to somebody deciding that there should be am arbitrary hard-limit of how many gigabytes of data get transferred anywhere in the world on a given day, would people have auctioned to get to transfer precious bits across this system or would new links have sprung up beyond that policy in order to route around the congestion?
@_date: 2015-06-15 05:10:44
Right, so every node running on a slow computer looks like it's passing it's traffic over a VPN, is that it?
In either case, you're actually recommending relying on a timing attack targeted against one of the most infosec-conscious subcultures in the world? :P
@_date: 2015-06-10 00:36:49
Then we should just offer a push request to Canonical that causes Ubuntu to detect whenever a user uses Bitcoin, or Paypal, or any payment network we feel like detecting, and force their account to kick a $0.25 cent fee to Canonical to help support Ubuntu, then.
I am *sure* that they would share these earnings with their developers, and as the authors of this push I am *sure* that we would see some small sliver of the profits as well.  So what could possibly go wrong? :3
@_date: 2015-06-25 21:33:39
No one can be .. shown .. what the blue pill meme means.
@_date: 2015-06-03 01:37:00
Because (first of all) actual "evidence of these bad things" mean that we are left several months against a strong headwind to do anything to fix it.
A significant supermajority of miners and larger operators have to upgrade to new software, which also means agreeing which new software to upgrade to, which they can't even do today, and miners face the immediately demonstrated conflict of interest that they gain short term profit from staying put. "Lookit, desperate people keep throwing 10x higher tx fees every day than the day before just to panic sell! Haha, I'm not upgrading to nothing, buddy! (or) Sure, sure, I'll upgrade for the good of the network. Just give it one more week for me to soak up these sweet fees...."
Besides: once it becomes obvious you can no longer reliably post a transaction without babysitting it and manually crafting fee replacements or else offering irrationally large bounties in hopes of beating the rush, the currency value will already be on it's way to cratering. Feel free to spend several more months *after* a bank run of that nature trying to fix your broken blockchain protocol, I'll have pre-emptively moved to an alt which gets to view said drama (and potentially it's own future if it shares a similar blocksize limit) from a safe distance.
@_date: 2015-06-25 21:25:19
I'm perfectly happy to discuss the Mafia (or various families therein) as state actors, because they are. They are feudal governmental entities. This even means that they do (and I would be shocked if they did not) perform some governmental services better than the incumbant government does.
But, that said, virtually none of the points in this video can be taken on good faith. I'll list some broad things ignored or oversimplified in the video to help put things into a better context.
1&gt; Most things that most people think they know about the Mafia are actually just fabricated by Hollywood. In particular: do they even have or demonstrably cleave to any sort of code of honor? It makes great storytelling in a movie but I've never seen a business model for literal honor amongst outlaws before.
And that would be hard as hell to empirically measure in the case that any organization of this size, type and power who does not want observations to interfere with their reputation has every capability to simply assassinate you or blackmail you into false reporting.
You can't even tell if they dress more stylishly than a congressman does, all we know for sure is that Robert Deniro can rock a zoot suit onscreen. :P
2&gt; The Mafia does not have to offer every governmental service under the sun because so much is already taken care of by the incumbants. There are no Mafia-built roads or Mafia-built hospitals (just Mafia-connected ones). While they may be good at arbitration and internecine territory and industry wars, they've got nothing like a *national* defense infrastructure with an air force or a navy that could repel a competing *nation* invading or occupying their territory.
3&gt; Among the reasons that the Mafia does not riddle anyone with regulations is because it is not primarily their business to ensure the health and safety of individuals: only the businesses wealthy enough to pay protection. Who extends human rights to laborers with one hand while profiting from human trafficking in the other?
@_date: 2015-06-10 01:13:23
Well *you* do, of course!
Speaking of which — and I've been meaning to bring this up — but you're about six years late now on a few hundred thousand dollars of salary for some support personnel I just arbitrarily selected out of a linked-in search. Did you want to take care of this via Bitcoin, or Skrill, or international wire?
@_date: 2015-06-02 01:21:42


Why, are you suggesting that for less than the price of a house I could pay off a smallcoin miner to perpetrate a 51% doublespend on my behalf, or something? Because short of a threat like that, everybody would use the cheapest TX fees available in whatever balances they already use to buy coffee to buy houses, too.
There exists no *motive* for anybody to ever pay high fees to transact in Bitcoin so long as alts do not require that. End-users do not want to spend high (or especially non-normative and unpredictable) fees or wait arbitrarily long times for their transactions to post, and neither do merchants, so if Bitcoin somehow got pushed into that morass then the next best alt (probably Litecoin) would simply be thrust into the spotlight to eat *all* of it's lunch — both small transactions and large — instead.
@_date: 2015-06-11 21:59:19
But nothing about that supposition is secure. There is nothing about the statement "there exist a lot of nodes" that proves that 90% of the nodes that do exist don't all happen to belong to one person (or a hundred people and groups each operating separately) who are planning to start tricking SPVs at a later date, or even screwing with them on and off already.
Unlike mining, running a node is relatively cheap (especially when there is little stopping you from just running one or a handful of nodes talking through a huge number of proxy IPs, pretending to be as many as you have IP proxies for!) and carries no inborn incentives to defend the health of the network as a whole. Miners get paid in a currency that devalues when you cheat, nodes just sit there noding and get ignored by their peers when they lie, is all.
In comparison, running your own node means that *you* know that the blockchain you have verified is secure. Paying a service to SPV access their node means that *you* know that the service at least bears a financial incentive to remain honest: they'll lose both money and PR if they are caught yanking anybody's chain, ever.
When you pick one node at random from the global pool, the size of the pool has no bearing at all on how likely the node that you pick is honest. None. If the only nodes that existed in the world were mining pools, then SPVing off of one of them (if they allowed you to) would be startlingly safe (showing off that Pool X screwed with your SPV results would lose them *miners* and hash power pretty quickly!), especially compared to a world with 1 trillion nodes running, 999 billion of which are honey pots.
@_date: 2015-06-12 02:56:22
It affects the difficulty adjustment compared to what?
Not mining until validation is complete? Sure, but I don't think any miner will select that strategy.
Choosing tx out of the pool and mining those into a new block, endorsing the yet-to-be-verified block? No change to difficulty here unless there's a fair chance of orphanage due to tx collision, which in turn can be mitigated by getting a list of tx out of the block to avoid in a fraction of a second, and much quicker than a full and thorough validation would take.
Continuing to mine against the latest-verified block until new block verification is complete? It's hard to say, given that you are balancing the likelihood of winning a fork race against the new block (which is higher in &lt;1 minute block finds), losing said race, or the new block itself being found invalid somehow.
@_date: 2015-06-03 01:43:31


Or, alternately the fork happens slowly enough for difficulty adjustments on both sides to ratchet downward and allow normal transaction processing to continue with less mining, in which case you've got a full fledged currency split on your hands.
"Slowly enough" being on the order of 2-4 weeks. How long do you think it would take for exchanges to set up completely different books for forked balances? I doubt they would waste time starting the effort early given that the fork might also break one direction within hours, mooting such efforts.
So, by the time exchanges *could* even start pricing the coins seperately, enough miners would have stuck to one side or the other (or taking turns between them) that the currency split has already completed. One coin loses value, shedding miners, dropping difficulty, but you're still left with two functional coins and nobody gets orphaned.
Regardless, I am pretty certain that one fork will get the majority pretty early on, long before any exchanges of note try trading against both forks. That's all that I am saying.
@_date: 2015-06-02 02:36:07
Most people I have met with PhD's in hard sciences can actually tell the difference between an analogy, a metaphor, and outright describing a situation.
Or to play your game, your analogy of having a PhD doesn't seem apt. :P
@_date: 2015-06-01 20:50:37
You only say that because you lack the technical understanding of Bitcoin and of the arguments thus far presented to refute assessment of the situation.
Excerpt from volume 7 of "Ad hominem and other logical fallacies, for fun and profit!"
@_date: 2015-06-12 01:38:31
Fun fact: That looks like precisely the same list of states that Coinbase has yet to licence in.
For example: Coinbase *only very recently* got licenced in Oregon. These guys apparently already have Oregon covered at no extra effort to them.
So guess who is probably doing all of their peglegwork out of the Coinbase API...? ;D
@_date: 2015-06-01 22:18:39
Then let's hardfork to a ruleset that only allows one block per day to get endorsed, and that block only allows one transaction per day.
That will fuel everybody's market fee artificial scarcity wet dreams up to eleven, and we can leave them in reverie over their perfect, unusable blockchain and just move on to one that functions instead.
@_date: 2015-06-04 16:53:08
Which is actually a XAPO prepaid debit card you filled up using Bitcoin! :D
[U MAD, economists?](
@_date: 2014-09-30 09:54:22
Those same people literally have no business possessing any nontrivial volume of Bitcoins. What value could they gain from storing bitcoins if they haven't the faintest idea how they work or what they are for?
Would you entrust a $10 spot to somebody who lacks the knowledge or time to store cash safely? Doesn't own a trifold wallet, carries it around in his hand all day and then forgets it on a barstool when he leaves the pub?
Bitcoin requires no support from the instant gratification crowd until well into the future. At present the most important growth sector is B2B and wholesale support: businesses that sell goods to retail merchants accepting Bitcoin such that the merchants already on board accepting Bitcoin have a place to instantly respend it instead of having to convert to fiat at any stage.
Remittance is also a good step, but there is plenty of room for Bitcoin banking to spring up in developing nations so that remittance recipients are also not forced to sell out into fiat immediately, either.
But in the developing world, Bitcoin is not going to offer the level of security that consumers who have been spoiled by FDIC and chargebacks into thinking they require zero knowledge or responsibility have grown accustomed to.. either unless or until they take those reigns of knowledge and responsibility themselves.
Or until the Banking and Credit Union industries acquiesce and begin allowing customers to handle Bitcoin balances on *their* books. But again, that's far in the future and would do little to grow our ecosystem today.
@_date: 2015-06-10 01:27:22
One hopes.
Of course you also solicit donations on your web page, you know the place that says "MultiBit is donationware. If you find MultiBit useful please consider donating 0.01 BTC. Your donation helps pay for server and development costs. Thanks." before people even install the client.
I'm pretty sure that folks donating through that avenue can't be matched up to which wallet software to credit for salami slice fees.
@_date: 2014-07-25 01:11:46


My solution: use a browser plugin that lets you right click any text field and encrypt or decrypt it. Done and dusted.
@_date: 2014-07-21 20:12:39
We've got one sub full of people devoted to refining a cause, and this other sub full of people who constantly debase themselves to spread ridicule. And you go into one sub in order to argue about the nature of the other sub.
That sounds like an unhealthy amount of attention to me, so I'll just tag you as "troll" and our business is done. Thanks ;3
@_date: 2014-02-07 00:34:43


Don't care. You either have the strength to live and die by your ideals or you do not.
At the risk of taking this in a Godwin direction, if the NSA had come in and demanded that Google begin to herd minorities into gas chambers, that they will be shut down and arrested if they resisted or told anyone about it, that the NSA's documents and court orders all meet the letter of whatever is left of the law, then what should they have done? 
Google aids the NSA in abusing corrupt federal laws designed to subvert constitutionally protected due process of search and seizure. They are making a big PR spectacle out of slowly resisting this process today, *but only after they got caught!*
Every era blazes it's new trails in what laws civilization should have to offer the best balance of safety and liberty for it's sovereign citizenry. We're there again now, in the digital era with Law Enforcement trying to fashion themselves into an all-seeing eye of sauron just because nothing significant is stopping them from amassing that power. But we framed the fourth amendment because personal security in property and voluntary communication is worth *legally* protecting *against* the superior might of a government.
Even though that personal liberty will, at times, be used by some to cause harm. Still we must protect and cherish it — we must demand that our government write fresh law designed to stay it's hand — or far greater harm will come of it than simply domestic combatants spooking the livestock.
@_date: 2014-02-24 12:33:17
Sounds like you've got a hell of an opportunity waiting for you in Florida. If you can guarantee to those poor souls that you can prove in court that what they did is "not the same as money laundering, it really isnt" then they ought to pay you handsomely to defend them.
Of course if you're not confident enough in your own advise to profit from it in this way then I don't see as how anybody else should be confident enough in it to anonymously trade Bitcoins without fear of being incarcerated.
@_date: 2015-06-02 01:37:12
There has never been nuance. There has only ever been "why do you want to destroy my beloved network with your insanity?".
@_date: 2014-09-11 20:59:07
Yes, we get it. You can't get turned on yourself without first ridiculing other people who appear in your warped opinion to also be turned on. I cannot stop your copraphilic shrine building, but I can politely ask you to keep it to another room where we don't have to put up with the smell. Thank you.
@_date: 2014-02-14 06:32:48
You're only naming one of the issues. The other is that BitcoinQT will double-count the change received from an outgoing transaction that gets malled. Your wallet balance is then permanently out of sync until either you or the software forces a rescan of the blockchain.
This *does* happen because bitcoinQT relies on the transaction hashes of the unconfirmed transaction to form a new one.
@_date: 2014-02-07 02:10:47


It's not on behalf of the country, it's on behalf of their customers, both foreign and domestic whom have placed their personal faith in Google to safeguard their data.
Idealistic mottos like "Don't be evil" hold you to a higher standard of accountability than can be waved away by "you are legally safe from reproach after somebody coerced you into violating your customer's rights".
If you'd like my perspective on this, Google is a large apartment manager that allowed someone flashing a badge the keys to send a team of people to systematically infiltrate every unit while the tenants are away, copying every credit card number and password that they found, every rolodex, every date book, every investment and business secret.. [installing cameras to watch the young ladies change..] ( profiling all they could learn about every owner. And to be honest if someone on the team nicked cash or jewelry while they were in there there's no system to measure or prevent it, either.
And while I'm thinking about it, the depth of use of Google Apps means that Google is also landlords to a ton of office complexes that it endorsed the infiltration of, Watergate-style. Upcoming product designs, financial records, internal memos, business investment strategies, and of course we can't forget political inclinations.
Google waved them in, unlocked every door, we don't even know how much of the work Google staff was deputized into doing directly. How would you feel as an apartment manager if you were required by a law like this to watch people in the shower over covert cameras and mark down the times when you can get the best view of their privates?
Now to be clear, I am not claiming any special knowledge that this is how these spying powers *were* used, or that *every* customer was indexed. The NSA loves to tell you about their secret, internal systems of authorization that prevent malfeasance. However the very fact that these systems *are* internal and opaque make them as *utterly worthless* as a fox's solemn vow to guard the chickens.
As to Google's complicitness? Coerced to perform evil for others against the ultimatum of personal sacrifice is still doing evil.
@_date: 2014-01-26 20:45:22


Well, look at it this way. Paypal is also "just a payment processor" but people who receive Paypal funds (because one side is always doing the receiving) often just lets the balance sit there to facilitate payments back out through paypal instead of locking it up for 3 completely unusable days in an ACH back to their bank.
If you're a merchant, and you receive BTC and some of your suppliers accept BTC too (and/or you have employees interested in accepting BTC wages) how long before you just tell the payment processors to keep some of the BTC unconverted and pay these people out of that balance instead of tying it up in a 3 day ACH, like above?
Then it isn't long before you start to get a bit spoiled that BTC can be instantly transferred to anyone anywhere, and start to get a bit nettled that you've ever had to deal with ACH.. so even if you don't ever go completely BTC you do start to place some pressure on your current financial tools and demand better service out of them en masse.
@_date: 2014-02-28 15:13:30
Who said he was trading anything? He's just somebody on a forum asking a question. 
@_date: 2014-10-24 20:04:10
Shadowbanned users simply come up in the modqueue as "removed spam". The mods still have to either purge them out or approve them. policy is to approve unless they are otherwise breaking the rules. Once approved, they can be seen by regular folk as well who won't know the difference unless they try something like looking at the poster's profile.
@_date: 2015-06-02 20:38:18


I think I would prefer to see that drama played out on a blockchain, myself. What would an "oh no it got too centralized" or "oh no, the fees were too low and we lost our security" scenario even look like?
Even amidst a thousand alts, the closest we've really seen so far (in a tech reasonably similar to Bitcoin instead of back-doored or ruined by it's devs) is one or two alts using the same hash algo that Bitcoin uses where some bitcoin miners 51%ed them.
The thing is, it is easy to create a "fee market" on any alt by just giving it a stupid small blocksize, and tons of people have already done so. It obviously has not been a dominant strategy or those alts would have been profitable enough for miners to begin to challenge Bitcoin proper. But has that happened?
*Can* that happen?
And since it cannot, one must conclude that artificial block scarcity does not magically fund mining efforts. Instead it just incentivizes avoiding the artificially expensive payment network, which is one of the sales pitches for Bitcoin itself today.
If I sell my BTC, and I use the proceeds to purchase some LTC, then every tx I perform and every time interval that I hold that LTC it is in a practical sense every ounce as secure as the BTC. Today there exists less adoption thanks to BTC's inertia, but the plan you propose will effectively neutralize that edge since the exact same practical convenience and security will be available elsewhere for a lower price.
By the way, welcome to the free market.
@_date: 2014-11-25 21:13:12
He didn't say that the Enquirer was picking up the story. :J
@_date: 2014-12-12 21:45:14
Well, heaven help them every time they set up a satellite office in a new country with it's own novel fiat currency flows, then.
@_date: 2014-06-26 09:13:50


I've seen the story from dozens of different outlets, and I imagine it would be news if the US government were actually abiding by the terms of any written agreement whatsoever. All sources point to German withdrawal request being completely above the board and US delays and refusal to allow *any* asset inspection to be one shade away from completely admitting that we simply ate all the hens in the hen-house.


Right, and Cyrpus is part of the European Union but EU depositor insurance did *not* cover deposits under the 100k euro limit: everybody got a haircut across the board.


Nobody in this thread (thank god) is suggesting that Bitcoin will be a white knight to save the world if the economy crashes on Tuesday. All we *are* stating is that it is wise for those who wish to invest large sums in a non-pegged digital commodity to take steps such as storing private keys in physically secure locations such as bank safe deposit, potentially m-of-n key splitting with keys in multiple locations, and that said steps are worlds  different (better or worse being up to the end user) from giving same institutions primary control over a balance of slowly inflating USD.
@_date: 2015-06-15 22:21:33
In contrast to what? The only reason we had more nodes early on is because there existed no alternative way to handle Bitcoin aside from running a full node. That, and the blockchain itself weighed less.
Keeping 1MB cap does not prevent the blockchain from growing, nor does it make it smaller again. If keeping 1MB has any capacity to slow the acceleration of blockchain growth, then it can only purchase that dubious advantage at the cost of congesting blocks and potentially rendering the system either unusable, or at least less attractive to it's users.
@_date: 2015-06-03 22:12:48
Hey there Peter, my friends and I have been brainstorming this idea for a day or two (today it looks like maybe we're not the only ones, either. Who is NicholasDoriers?) and if we can confirm that everything we are planning has a high chance of the outcome we are expecting (close to complete DDoS of un-aided Bitcoin Core transactions) and/or teaching us something we could not have expected, then I've got 2.1BTC to throw at it (but my solo contribution only buys us a few hours by my math).
Ideally we could set up some kind of a faucet-like interface, where folk could donate just by sending money at an address (or similar simple approach) to keep the pressure live.
So the tx spamming process should probably blat out 951 x 999 byte transactions (enough tx just below 1kb to fill all but the "high priority" 5kb buffer of a maximum-sized block), moving a fair amount of coin from one controlled address to another, with zero fee the instant any valid block is published .. then after a short delay (5 seconds?) it sends the precise same transactions again (same unspent outputs to same destinations) with fee 0.0001BTC per, and after another 5 seconds rinse and repeat with 0.00011BTC per. (total cost maxing out to 0.10461BTC per block).
The first line of zero fee txn should satisfy any miners or bridging nodes that use a "first come first serve" model and don't require tx fees, and any blocks mined that way would prove especially cheap for our cause. The next batch satisfy any first-come-first-serve software that requires a minimum tx fee for some of the txn (so they threw out some of the freebies), which would still be relatively cheap. And finally, the final batch we offer would never be mined unless blocks are found by replace-by-fee friendly miners, and they in turn should at least outbid ordinary (obviously non-spam) transactions.
One of the questions we are still debating is how to handle timing. You could set up a faucet to spam whenever it's available balance is not zero, or to not start spamming until it's available balance hits X and then spam until empty, or not start spamming until bal&gt;X *and* time of day hits Y, just at the beginning of peak daily transaction times. As always, we're just brainstorming what would give us the most bang for our buck. :3
@_date: 2014-03-05 17:39:33
My take is that I also chose to believe they will ship, and that it will greatly enrich our community .. however I know enough to not send them a dime and not encourage anybody else to until they either demonstrate working, end product (or even review-able prototype people could play with) or use a financing scheme that doesn't require 100% trust of your investment to them. :/
@_date: 2014-07-14 19:44:04
Kind of ad hominem, that. Whether his link or even he in particular are crazy conspiracy nuts sheds no positive light upon who he distrusts.
If his argument prior to the link was accurate then it still is accurate.
@_date: 2014-01-26 18:55:16
I miss the [deflected electron beams shooting at my face]( doe.
@_date: 2014-12-08 06:29:27
Not really, QC would do little to harm Bitcoin. It's designed so that at least the *not* re-used addresses would remain secure in that event, and then it would be fairly straightforward to gain consensus on changing the signing protocol (or support P2SH with multiple signing protocols) so you'd just spend old ECDSA secured funds into new, fancy, QC-proof addresses and be done with it. Those late to the party would keep their funds secure until they could spend into the new addresses. Easy peasy. :3
@_date: 2014-07-24 02:14:34


But you do not have that option.
Firstly, if you do decide to hold cash under a mattress you are really just holding IOU notes, a unit whose supply is inflated at the whim of a centralized third party. Bitcoin's supply (an important variable in the equation of purchasing power) is algorithmically prescribed and beyond the power of any method we are reasonable aware of to alter.
Secondly, there exists no electronic mechanism to transmit USD from one person to another without first yielding it not only to *a* third party, but to *the* single, administratively colluded third party banking network who are all beholden to the same regulations and ownership matrix.


I see zero incentive to denouncing voluntary trust relationships. Do we want people to be free to do with their money as they'd like, or don't we?
Bitcoin *allows* individuals to take on 100% responsibility for their wealth, but you and I know that only a small sliver of meatbags in the world have the intersection of skill, interest and free time to handle that responsibility sufficiently well to defend some assets against an entire planet full of hackers and digital thieves. There must always exist a network of trust and comparative advantage so that individuals do not have to learn every skill in the universe in order to get through the day, they trust Bob to handle this and Jane to handle that and return the favor so that we can each specialize in what we individually do best.
Coinbase and Circle are each companies who wish to build up a reputation of trust so that they can hold assets on other people's behalf, and concentrate the difficult task of maintaining private key secrecy and delivering asset functionality to their customers. Maybe they will do a good job and maybe they won't, but if you personally do not patronize them then you will not lose out when/if they fail.


[Public Audits]( also do a pretty good job of keeping tabs on backing, AFAICT. Why would you want anything to "legally" stop them anyway, unless you were hoping to build up more regulation?


I don't understand why you should be so worried about the fragility of Bitcoin or it's ecosystem. I am perfectly satisfied with it's resilience, so much so that I think it won't die if people use it to offer whatever services they would like or use it to send money to whomever they would like. Individual people might get burned if they misplace their trust, but if you never trust anybody then Bitcoin will do you little good given that you can't even *buy* a good or service without eventually trusting that it will get delivered.


Not really. Even though Bitcoin does a tremendous job removing the need for trust from specific elements of monetary storage and transaction that were before believed impossible, the elements of negotiating payment and delivery of goods in any trade still require trust.
So, you have their bitcoin address. Great, how do you know it's the right one and hasn't been altered by MITM? You got it through SSL. Great, what if it's a state that's performed MITM? NSA has compromised the CA network, after all. Oh, well then BIP70. Same problem, BIP70 signature verification relies on the CA network which even if the NSA hadn't compromised it still represents centralized trust.
So you skip that step and take it As Given that the address is correct. Cool, [what if the product never ships]( We'll just use an escrow provider. Ah, but if you want perfect trustlessness, then you've just shifted the trusted party from the seller to the escrow provider. What if they abscond with your payment instead? Well, multi-sig escrow is one scarcely explored option. But if it's 2/3 with you, seller and escrow as keys then what if seller and escrow collude?
Bitcoin removes a lot of trust requirement from the use of money, but not all. Even if it did, it's *purpose* is not to *popularize* doing business with people whom you hate and spit on, yet the payment network holds them to their agreements anyway. No, the purpose is to *allow you better control over how and who you have to trust* in order to do your daily business. You will never be 100% safe and you will always fill in some gaps with trust, Bitcoin simply allows you more power to choose those gaps for yourself.
@_date: 2014-03-20 23:52:49
Looks at market depth.
Wow, I guess there's just fewer people keeping positions on the markets since the fall of Gox. :P
@_date: 2014-12-17 21:56:17
Yeah, but it did not die due to minimum tip amount it died because it handled all txn on the blockchain and the tx fee friction kept things from flowing smoothly.
While I do not run ChangeTip I do believe that they would benefit from a minimum tip amount as well. Nobody accustomed to USD are going to feel blessed at receiving less than a dime. Undertipping is synonymous enough with insult that some diners leave two heads down pennies precisely to communicate dissatisfaction.
@_date: 2014-12-30 22:00:35
Hmm.. what do you even think trustless even means, if you're going to sardonically suggest that "you are free to voluntarily check two very low effort but well known players as a lazy corroborative measure" prevents the system from being trustless..?
@_date: 2014-12-14 05:03:20
I think I can seriously just write a bot that labels trolls with no input condition than whether or not they are bitching about downvotes because it is always coupled with personal attacks on everybody in a sub that this poster spends most (if not all, as in this case ) of their time posting in anyway.
Downvotes mean that people do not believe you are honestly contributing to the discussion. If you are not willing to consider that perhaps you are the one being factually inaccurate, then you must concede you are at the very least in the wrong place to surround yourself with people who demonstrably fail to value your input.
And raging against them instead is never going to make things better.
@_date: 2014-09-24 21:59:00
I imagine that in the late sixties magstrip wasn't as easy to forge as it is today, though.
@_date: 2014-08-05 01:12:24
I wonder about case-modding options, then? Hmmm. ;3
@_date: 2014-07-20 05:28:38




Er, because if you do not arrange for your revenues to match your expenses then you make no profit and go out of business.
Also, since I see a better opportunity for clarity now, I am talking about marginal revenue since a company has little direct control over global revenue.


Have you checked the customer satisfaction with Visa or Paypal compared to a majority of big box merchants? Do you really think most customers are so desperate for VISA to protect them from Walmart or Krogers short changing them that they will voluntarily pay X% more "just in case"?


While it is true their concerns are less elastic than that of legitimate customers, $1 of scammed money still costs the scammer $0.XX to use. 1 stolen card for example has a spending limit of $X, so they might as well get more products for that $X when all other concerns are equal.


Now you're conflating customer protection from merchant fraud with a warrantee? A warantee has value because the product *will* wear down and have a failure rate of manufacturing defects. Merchant protection has value *only if* the merchant is less trustworthy than the outfit claiming to protect you.


You've obviously never been in business, then. Merchants are just as far from rational actors as consumers are. See Chic Filet's homophobic wallowing. Besides, it's not Bitcoin's problem if we become a baseline business requirement.
Low prices through bitcoin coupled with inflated prices (and eventually verification hassles to reduce costs of fraud.. and if my 2013 Christmas shopping was any indication, we're already nearing that tipping point *now*) for crappy 1960's plastic just means that consumers will have more reasons to engage with this payment system as well. :3
@_date: 2014-04-03 00:51:58


Whai knot?
It remains air-gapped when not in use, can be interfaced to a cold-storage terminal just fine too.
@_date: 2014-04-15 07:46:50
Not enough information to be sure if that's required, but if you do out of a spirit of healthy paranoia then I'd additionally recommend moving funds to fresh addresses. If your old pass and wallet file contents were compromised, the addresses protected by them would also have been equally compromised.
@_date: 2014-01-26 20:13:00


Of course. It would be impossible for any Wells Fargo bank branch to allow me to withdraw my $11kUSD balance in one go unless that branch also had the billions in notes it would take for every wells fargo customer in the world to personally visit that bank and demand an instant cash withdrawal.
Or wait, no I guess I had the math wrong. A Branch would only need to keep on hand at most the deposit amount of their largest local customer, maybe a little bit more to cover the worst reasonable case of non-run withdrawal activity. But how dare I expect that a bank *vault* contain more than $5kUSD in notes.


You think I don't? õ_O  Yet I still have to put up with banking BS whenever other people try to send me money. Recent $10kUSD payment I received had to be released chunk by chunk over several weeks, for example.
Bitcoin is important because otherwise the banking monopoly *has* no competition for delivering value over distance. "play ball with the bank or go live in a hole" doesn't make for a very healthy or competitive financial service sector, after all.
@_date: 2014-07-28 06:56:04
But I thought the Multibit clients connected directly to normal nodes, and relied on *them* instead of some weird style of consensus to determine the blockchain. Since nodes *will not pass* blocks they view as invalid, they shouldn't be passing them to SPV clients, either.
@_date: 2014-09-16 22:02:34
Results vary
@_date: 2014-07-20 03:09:25
Lul, if only people listened to that advice with MtGox.
Coupled with "if you can't move it out, don't put it in".
@_date: 2014-07-21 03:03:48
Nothing to see here, tagged "troll".
@_date: 2014-09-27 23:38:39
Stand strong brutha, don't let them smear you. Stand proud and know that history will remember you as the stoic bunch who giggle a lot and insert objects into your rectum. Or .. wait. Maybe do let them "smear" you then, as that sounds like it plays right into your fetishes. :P
@_date: 2014-08-05 09:59:47


Since you dishonestly truncated the part beginning "save that with Trezor.. [list of what makes it better]" I think it's clear that you can't even carry on this primary discussion on it's merits.
But I am curious what on God's green Earth you think Trezor has to do with BFL. Are you going to helpfully mention not trusting Mtgox or Pirateat40 next, maybe? õ_O
@_date: 2014-02-28 15:33:40
So are you suggesting that a company could be prosecuted for failing to maintain a Canary heartbeat? 
A gag order is not a fabrication order. 
@_date: 2014-01-15 17:21:21
I agree, buying in right at the 550 dip during a ~45 second long window was a beautiful feeling! &lt;3
@_date: 2014-05-12 19:59:12
His wages being denominted in USD or some other fiat isn't relevant to whether or not he physically has Bitcoin in hand per OP's entire point.
If you have Bitcoin in hand that you can optionally convert to fiat, then you will prefer to purchase consumer services in Bitcoin as well, dodging that entire "convert to fiat" step.
OP holds USD surplus, and thus makes the blanket statement that no people are served by Bitcoin consumer payment opportunities, even though plenty of us have Bitcoin surplus due to how our wages are tendered.
@_date: 2014-03-25 19:54:23
And to further amplify and clarify your point:
If you buy 1BTC or 1TV for $600 usd, then there is no gain event on the purchase because USD don't change in value relative to itself. However, recording the purchase is still helpful as a basis if/when you ever plan to resell the property. EG, if you can't prove you bought the item for $600 usd the IRS in an audit would calculate that you bought it at $0 usd, representing sharper gains.
You then sell 1BTC or 1TV for $300 usd later, you can write this off as a capital loss. If you sell them later for $900 usd, then you are legally required to claim this as a capital gain.
Now most people outside of the business of reselling televisions will never bother, because they won't be earning enough capital gains per year on reselling this kind of property for anybody (even the IRS) to really care. However, BTC is a bit more liquid than that and is not directly consumable, so those who deal in it can rack up high enough capital gains for the IRS to care pretty quickly.
So, Buying/selling/bartering BTC has basically become indistinguishable from buying/selling/bartering precious metals. Whatever tax laws and best practices they follow, are a good place for us to start as well. :3
@_date: 2014-03-14 19:05:00


I'm curious what mechanism you're alluding to here, and how said mechanism isn't equally easy with other forms of cash entrusted to other parties naively?
@_date: 2014-01-31 02:29:12
Who's not allowed to buy or sell products in BTC in China?
Honestly, I'm curious.. I haven't heard of such a ban before. :(
@_date: 2014-07-18 06:27:04


This regulation allowed far more damage, multiple times, by many orders of magnitude, then has yet to happen in the new unregulated industry.
I'll bet you're in favor of shooting people in the face to thwart the potential that they might suffer a hangnail, also.
@_date: 2014-01-28 02:24:32
Oh man, you're life is going to suck pretty badly once everybody but you is "in on the scam" and trading this hard-earned monopoly money around instead of hard-earned dollars in exchange for goods and services right and left.
How dare the-rest-of-the-world try to trick you into playing along! D:
@_date: 2014-10-23 20:24:19


[Naw, coudn't be](
@_date: 2014-03-14 22:31:01
So one person says he got punched, and offers as evidence their bloody nose. You counter with "all noses are bloody if you cut them off of their respective faces in order to examine them in isolation".
The farming family in question put pesos into peso-denominated savings, and then the government specifically debased the peso currency in order to enrich themselves at the expense of a million farming families. The government will continue to do this as they have few other levers to keep themselves afloat, so this currency has no future unless/until something else props it up or it fails completely.
Bitcoin's valuation also changes, but it is never specifically undercut by a government because none possess the ability to print more or to pass price-fixing laws; and Bitcoin's utility *increases* every day with each new method to spend it and with every new innovation to amplify it's functional utility. 
A proverbial "level playing field" does not have to be utterly flat, it simply has to provide no special advantages to any one player.
@_date: 2014-07-30 21:04:54
Most bitcoin accounting wallets do not try to sort balances by address at all. What's at each bitcoin address is like having a bunch of gold nuggets of arbitrary sizes or a bunch of dollar notes of uninteresting denominations. The actual accounting is done on top of the total balance in a ledger unattached to your addresses.
@_date: 2014-02-11 23:06:02


"inconsistency" means that two measurements do not agree. Bitcoind only offers you one measurement: the balance on your addresses. Since Bitcoind never relies on transaction hashes to even *keep* account balances, then if that disagrees with your accounting software then the accounting software is most likely the incorrect measurement of the two (and probably because it relied on a transaction hash).
@_date: 2014-02-23 15:44:51
What alternative methods would you recommend?
This isn't really dual-factor either, it's only one factor: biometric. There are three possible authentication factors: What you know (passphrases, security questions), what you have (yubikey, SMS code, Authy), and who you are (Biometric).
Robocoin's sole responsibility is to authenticate who you are, and they've chosen a vein scan because it's faster and more reliable than facial recognition yet less intrusive than skin prints (whoever has your skin prints can read them from any object you touch).
The only alternative method I can think of with similar properties would be an iris scan. Maybe Palm scan is just faster and cheaper? :J
@_date: 2014-09-28 00:05:48
Is there regulation against it there? :o
@_date: 2014-11-21 00:55:34
Can I get anybody to weigh in on conclusive evidence of this being legit? I'd not only like to know for my own edification before donating, but having an extra solid documentation trail here in the thread should help ease anybody else's concern's as well.
When I search out this chapter through the main RMHC website, I get this page:
and as you can see, many chapters have website URL's listed but this chapter does not.
I cannot find any *negative* information about this URL through searches.
I have tried calling the number for this chapter but I get "all lines are busy, dial an extension or staff directory or leave a message" so no obvious help there.
The fact that this is processed at Bitpay helps make this harder to be an illegitimate op, however still not impossible as AFAIK Bitpay does not do a lot of vetting on new merchants.
Additionally, is trying to donation-match through ChangeTip which, while sounding very generous and awexome, would also help a lot to be verified in some thorough fashion.. as even if the page is legit, anybody on reddit could have made a similar claim. :J
Thank you in advance for your notary efforts, RMHC is a great organization and this will be a fun and unique way to show our support if we can have a touch better vetting. ;3
@_date: 2014-06-28 13:16:51
I reported him, but do you mean admins or mods? Since it's not a comment reply or post reply to this sub, it's got nothing to do with this sub's mods. :J
@_date: 2014-04-22 00:41:09
Alright, but that still does not preclude that he could just blacklist the password on the login screen itself, and autoban any account that tries to sign in matching the password.
@_date: 2014-09-30 20:21:33


That depends entirely on what you mean by "actually" working. You *actually* have to press your foot on the accelerator to make the car move forward. Are you suggesting that most licensed drivers do not have enough time or knowledge to grock that? They also have to *lock* their car when not in use, or store it in a garage or maintain a security system in the thing to prevent theft. They have to be careful not to lose their keys, and make an extra set in case the first one turns up missing (you have no idea how familiar that sounds to a bitcoiner, btw).
Most drivers don't know where the catalytic converter is located, but even most *mechanics* don't know the chemistry behind *why* that does the job that it does. Even most Chemists don't understand what supports those reactions at the subatomic level. Most particle physicists wouldn't know how to actually build a catalytic converter, especially not inexpensively enough to compete with the industry leaders in producing that specific part.
I know how to secure my Bitcoins, but I don't know every detail of the bitcoin protocol or how to write my own implementation of a wallet from scratch. Those who do know how to write their own wallet software probably don't understand enough crypto or sideband attacks to rebuild the ECDSA or RIPM-D libraries from scratch. It really is different disciplines all the way down.
But the key is that the end user is left with a discipline of their own. It's your car. You can pay to have full coverage insurance in case it gets stoled, but one way or another it's your god damned responsibility to keep the car safe.
Credit cards bill themselves as not being like that. Keep it secure? Ha! I'm going to go enter my card number at "totallynotascam.com", because if they scam me after all I'll just charge them back. But oops.. now they have my card number and I'm in the middle of an [identity theft nightmare](
Your money, your personal information, is **your responsibility** whether you enjoy reflecting upon that or not.
@_date: 2014-10-08 16:53:35
[That's how things are looking](
@_date: 2014-06-19 00:28:31
How about it went from a rolling mean of ~$125 and an all time high of ~$280 and found a new peak at $1100 and a new mean at $600, never again even dipping into the territory of it's previous peak.
@_date: 2015-06-02 02:31:42


.. which in turn only conveys that few if any of the filler transactions offered a minimum standard fee. If they had, and if they had really competed to fill the block instead of only filling the unused portions then any of the minimum standard transactions they would have competed with would have been delayed until the end of the experiment.
At $0.03usd per txn (just above min std fee) x about 1000kb average to fill today's blocks, it would cost me about 3 dollars per minute (god damn, that reminds me of 900 numbers!) to turn last night's experiment into a DDoS against ordinary wallet settings right now. But I am only stopped from doing so myself less by the expense and more by the manual effort it would involve since it would immediately illustrate how congestion affects ordinary users.
In fact, you know what? I'm just going to task this shit out. Spread the expense a little bit, get somebody less lazy than me to do the footwork. Maybe even speculate on the fallout?
Yeah, just get ready for some transaction-denying congestion because I'm not about to give you any 2-5 years, and I hope that Eligius makes the most of it's ~$30/block cut in the process. :P
@_date: 2014-03-03 18:08:41
Really now? I'll add to the reading list I am ordering from you any "basic economic principals" that deal with the primitive of globally instantaneous transfer of value sans counterparty. Oh, and throw in something for value security devolving to the same problem as personal information security instead of third party information security or personal physical security.
Do you have anything on zero nominal authentication cost? No? Oh! I'll take the basic economic principals on autonomously executed contracts then. I'm sure Rothbard wrote something on that subject, the man just wouldn't shut up about autonomous systems. :P
@_date: 2014-07-25 01:14:31
I'm sorry, this forum doesn't have any money changing hands.
If you'd prefer to whip out Cointip and blast 1BTC at somebody (and it verifies instead of bouncing) asking them to build you a bomb or something, then we can see if there will be a law enforcement show or not. 
Hint: Somebody might have to report it to the admins to get the word out, but I'd be perfectly happy to do that just because of how tasty popcorn is. ;3
Source: That one AMA where somebody confessed to murder
@_date: 2014-04-21 19:51:39
Well, distinguished replies to anyone an onlooker would not agree is recalcitrant is the only report that really needs to be filed, and if that's effort you're already going to then it shouldn't be doubling any time spent.
@_date: 2014-09-18 20:07:49
If you live in Dubai then you have to pay for everything in a currency no international seller is going to natively accept, and your currency conversion fees will run 8% or more just off the bat. 5% premiums to get Bitcoin to remote parts of the globe are still cheaper than all of that noise.
@_date: 2014-12-14 05:22:16
Who has time to amass the fortune you'd need to purchase an entire Satoshi for yourself? I'm looking forward to the 128bit divisibility code update so that I can buy "boops" (that's what we call our favorite unit now) for as little as a kilo of gold. :B
@_date: 2014-11-28 17:47:16


Not only do the value of the cell minutes *in cash* change day to day, they even go so far as to trust one another not to hand out bogus or exhausted cards. People just don't get worked up about the down-to-the-microsecond value of their goods when they can't connect to the internet to take advantage of said fluctuations. So, trade on the daily average and stop bellyaching.


[Citation Needed]. I'm looking at the 30 day graph, where it's spent 26 our of 30 days between 325 and 400. 4 of those days it spiked above 400, with a peak at ~450 on Nov 12. The highest value on this chart is only 38% higher than the lowest value on this chart, and I don't see a single daily change greater than 7%. But this apple is sure as hell more than 7% larger than that apple, and this bruised watermelon is at least 50% less valuable than this fresh, green one. 
People are not out here to squeeze every last microcent out of arbitrage, they are trading one perishable good they have in surplus for another perishable good that they need to live. They can either use the [local currency]( that debases 50% per day whenever the farcical government they live amidst bails itself out and which *never* appreciates one iota, or they could use Bitcoin which "might" slip 7% today, but is no more nor less likely to surge 7% today instead.
It's never the price at time of trade that matters, it's the price at time of cash out and knowing this instant's trade price does little to tell you what that will be in the future.
@_date: 2014-01-30 01:41:49
In my experience the largest challenge to holding Bitcoin is the same as any savings vehicle: being able to afford doing all of your daily business without having to rely on that amount you've socked away.
As long as A&gt; the protocol does not fail, and B&gt; there is not some sudden obstruction to trade availability, I feel it is basically guaranteed to rise over time periods of 1 year or longer until it has reached full potential (who knows when, but certainly not yet). But it may ebb and flow inconveniently over shorter time frames with or without serious challenges to it's functionality.
@_date: 2014-10-06 08:40:37
@_date: 2014-07-09 19:39:33
It is not grasping to ask you to own up to the words coming out of your mouth, and it's not my job to tie what you say to "the larger conversation". That would be yours.
If you want to make the point that "prostitution is undignified because human beings detest oral sex (or elsewhere, sex in general)" then it's not my job to ask you not to defend that point, it's just my job to make fun of you for trying. :3
If that is not, in fact, the point that you are trying to make then you have to be more careful with your speech, lovemuffin.
@_date: 2014-07-10 22:56:26
Why write a program when so many exist?
I have a public bitcoind node that I run just because. If blockchain.info client somehow lost access to the network, and spat the raw TX at me, I would just copy paste that over to an ssh console and feed it into bitcoind and be done with it.
If I were a less skilled user, just one windows machine and no previously-downloaded blockchain, then it would still be pretty quick to download a copy of Electrum (if I didn't already have that installed) which requires no blockchain to function, and feed the raw TX into that.
In contrast, Coinbase *cannot give you a raw TX*. When their hot wallet is caught dry on a saturday night (and that's trouble!) they literally have no coin available to satisfy your request until multiple human beings go through the arduous process of accessing the physically secure cold wallet to liquidate more funds.
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:27:42
No, you misunderstand. We've been telling people to steer clear of gox for over a year now, like since every major merchant and service provider stopped quoting their spot price because their fiat withdraw problems made *simple arbitrage impossible*.
Yes, it is theoretically possible for other exchanges to suddenly and without warning shut down. What we are saying is, there was nothing sudden about Gox. They've been telegraphing problems and bailing out water over the stern for *years* and people still kept throwing money at them. ;P
@_date: 2014-10-02 11:48:09
Bitcoin is not controlled by the majority of hashing power, though. 
A large percentage of hashing power has the ability to attempt a double spend, but they can never *force* the remainder of the network to follow a rule shift or a hard fork, nor can they force them to belay one.
@_date: 2014-07-30 21:20:53
Your sibling post said:


Bitcoin may not be patent encumbered but raw experience is still a valuable asset. :3
@_date: 2014-11-28 19:20:27


Well personally, I was thinking about my niece's family near Port Elizabeth, SA and hedging against fickle crops this season, but yeah. Whatever. I've sent money via BTC three years running now, but her area has no data coverage worth squat so she still has to travel into the city every time to have it resold for rands.
1\. Now she won't have to travel to convert it, and 2. a good percentage of her customers and suppliers who currently deal in airtime, long distance cards or MPesa (high withdrawal fees) would probably rather deal in BTC directly which could potentially save everybody on conversion losses and friction.


No, you're right though. $542 billion USD annually (or losing 15% of that to friction) just isn't enough money for expats of limited means to care about. It gets lost in the couch cushions, you see.
What I don't understand is you're "invest in" "care about" attitude. You do understand that Bitcoin is a *payment resource*, not a company don't you? You can deal in tiny amounts of it if you choose and if it performs it's function and saves you money, who would fail to care about that prospect?
@_date: 2014-07-29 00:02:47
Lols, if it were as lazily audited as OpenSSL then it might fall to an attack as simple as "say wallet, could you play back that last signed transaction for me, and while you're at it everything you have in RAM as well?" xD
@_date: 2014-06-11 22:37:14
What's made up? Is actual business potential fixed? Is actual fraud potential limitless? Does infinity divided by a fixed amount not equal infinity?
Ad hominem doesn't win an argument.
@_date: 2014-02-04 00:34:33
So, by the same logic the LBGT community should just simmer down and start ordering chic-filet again.
@_date: 2014-02-24 12:29:31
Ah, yeah I'd be very interested to see all of the identification stuff explained much better at the ATM if that's the case. :3
@_date: 2014-07-16 21:16:29


Anybody who feels empowered to try that could just as easily hold you at gunpoint and demand your SSN, bank account info, credit card pin, mother's maiden name, login credentials to your bank, etc.
Then they perform identity theft against you, open up fraudulent lines of credit and *steal money you haven't even made yet!*
Your 0 liability only means dick when you can conclusively prove that you did not authorize the purchases or the credit, and I guarantee that  identity thieves know more about dotting their i's and crossing their t's than the average schmo does.
But this is rare, because the risks of kidnapping or assault vs petty theft are high. "Give me your jewelry" is easy to confirm, "give me your wallet password, great now we're going to log in through a computer, no stay there while I type..." is very hard and risky to confirm. Ultra high value targets may need personal protection due to such risks from gangs of very organized thugs, but Schmoe with a net worth of $10k spread in different areas has little to fear.
@_date: 2014-11-22 14:23:50
Most detractors will just call it a pedantic point when you differentiate pyramid from MLM (such as Amway) from whatever else.
The trick is to find out what thing they think bitcoin is doing that has them upset, and then determine either why they shouldn't be upset by that (eg, compare us to entirely unobjectionable investments like commodities) or disabuse them of their inaccurate notion.
The overprecise term "pyramid" is just a red herring. :3
@_date: 2014-10-15 15:26:00
It doesn't have to, it's an intensifier and it contextualizes the emotional state of the speaker in as few words as possible. namely, that he is at least mildly exasperated (as you should be) at how popular it is to mischaracterize the technology out of prideful ignorance.
@_date: 2014-12-19 03:35:38
Ah, you had me going there with that fair analysis for several paragraphs. I was about to upvote you in spite of your "buttpicker troll" tag. But you came through to your nature in the end with the belittling insults.
[So here ya go!](
@_date: 2014-07-11 22:55:44


TFA says otherwise.
@_date: 2014-07-18 19:17:59
Pluto also has a moon. :o
@_date: 2014-12-15 07:02:50
I see that factor in your post now, but why would it need to be any more than pseudonymous? Anonymity is by definition stateless, and you literally cannot have stateless reputation because reputation *is* a matter of state.
Better still, a decentralized WoT does not have to clarify to people *outside* of your local trust network which pseudonyms you trust. So even your state of sharing trust links with certain people does not have to be obvious to entities outside of a prescribed number of steps in your trust circle. The facts and the timestamps can be committed to a globally republished ledger, however the *meaning* of those facts can be obfuscated unless you're in the right circle to assist your decryption of those facts. :3
@_date: 2014-11-23 12:12:19
Thus utility does not guarantee 5-10% of it's trading price.
@_date: 2014-11-29 22:31:13
Alternate complaint, [in this post]( OP complains about MITM at the CDN, like Cloudfaire. In your example you use Reddit, who we *know* runs their SSL by entrusting their keys to Cloudfaire. EG, at the end of the day this approach fails to protect against the angle OP is worried about.
@_date: 2014-02-28 22:18:46
But I didn't say "women are just into feelings", what I said is "women in our culture have a higher incidence of being interested in influencing other people".
I actually identify this as Feminine Privilege. Men can do. Women can induce or coerce men into doing (and if she really, really has to, I suppose she could alternately work up the motivation to "do", but mark my words, you're going to hear about this indignity!) Men who want a yacht can be CEO's. Women who want a yacht [can marry CEO's]( Or if they really have to, I suppose they could put in the monumental effort required to become one yourself.. but that's almost admitting defeat right out of the gate.
And of course *because* it's rare, Feminists will infer that they must be *prevented* from such prestigious titles that even a man wouldn't want if there were *any* alternative ways available to meet one's goals.
Bitcoin does not require anybody else's approval for you to understand it, or for you to participate.. which is kind of the entire point. There not only is no, but *crytographically can be no* glass ceiling. You can get from Google (or does Patriarchy make that equally unavailable?) to the Satoshi Whitepaper in 3 clicks. **If** you give 2 shits about financial liberty, **then** the assembled hordes of Ghengis Khan can not / will not prevent you from participating in Bitcoin.
Thus not participating in Bitcoin is direct and irrefutable evidence of *not being interested in Bitcoin*.
But what we have seen right from the get go are multiple active subreddits devoted to women taking off their clothes to earn Bitcoin (a very mild example of influencing people for personal profit, and one of the narrow ways we know of that Bitcoin *can* make that task easier) — for example was founded by a woman almost 2 years ago — and zero other feminine presence in the space. 
Because the technology is not interesting to that audience.
@_date: 2014-01-23 00:32:47
I dunno, you must have hated Nakamoto for publishing a white paper prior to releasing any code then, eh?
In any event, a patch to the miner source that says "if(hash &lt; blockchain_difficulty) { skip_it_and_move_on(); }" can't amount to more than 5 lines of code. The algorithm is embarrassingly parallel enough that I guarantee that is true for every miner, as well.
This is legitimate attack pseudocode. Now that the idea has been posed, people can try doing it and other people can race to find ways to defend against it. It's an indispensable step in any development process.
@_date: 2014-11-28 18:22:11
Using Coinapult's service costs Zero (aside from having SMS service available, as these people already do). These people can afford Zero.
But then again, if you remit to them internationally via WU they are losing 10% or more *just* for the transfer fee, and another 4-5% for the currency exchange fee. *Or friends and family abroad could remit to them Bitcoin for mintx fee of 100 bits* (~$0.03usd), and they can spend all or part of it as is with zero currency conversion fees, only suffering the 4-5% conversion to local fiat for things that absolutely need it.
Then your produce market on the left that does not accept bitcoin loses business to the one on the right who does, market on the right needs to buy pallets and baskets and prefers respending *their* bitcoin proceeds instead of converting so favors even more merchants who adopt, etc etc.
@_date: 2014-02-03 06:55:38
.. or they might just as easily get angry at the spam stickers.
If this *did* work, it would just invite people to put all kinds of advertisements on the pumps to inspire customers to bug workers at the counter about heaven knows what products. And I'd wager most of them would not be as realistically beneficial as our favorite cryptocurrency. :/
@_date: 2014-06-12 00:14:57
When you pay me for what? For Bitcoin?
Good luck buying BTC from somebody online using Paypal or CC: nobody will offer it (short of small amounts to personal friends or via WoT) because it is basically impossible to prevent fraud.
If you want to purchase physical goods, then those have to be shipped somewhere and picked up, so it's a lot harder to anonymously and fraudulently make off with the merchandice. If you're buying a subscription service, they just stop the service on you. Bitcoin is irreversible and basically untraceable.
@_date: 2014-09-11 00:02:19
To be fair Doge, the Credit Card clause where you cannot offer cash discounts was rendered illegal Jan 2013. This is a great thing, but it is also true that a lot of merchants have not stepped up and changed their pricing to reflect, just yet.
@_date: 2014-12-22 11:19:39


It does a lot more toward this goal (or put very narrowly, supporting an arbitrary individual's capability to keep — and even use by way of doing math with — a simple arbitrary secret patch of entropy) than almost any other technology in the world. It resolves notary authentication without a scrap of centralized trust in certificate authorities (up to but not including BIP0090 at least), it supports airgapped storage and signature processing..
But as impressively powerful as these tools are they still don't rise to the level of "fire and forget, no force can stop billionaire box jellyfish from just buying the NSA" user friendliness so the user must still meet the tools halfway. ;3
@_date: 2014-10-23 20:47:10
@_date: 2014-12-09 21:56:00


Why would anyone still be using MtGox 8 months after they stopped allowing USD withdrawals and after their market price drifted up to 40% away from any other markets due to incapability to arbitrage (eg, you weren't trading BTC for USD but BTC for "goxbux" that could never be withdrawn and therefor were worth severely less than USD...)?
Because there's a sucker born every minute. Now you can fleece them or you can try to shephard them, but what you can't do is frighten them away easily with omens of incompetence because they can't comprehend what that even looks like. :P
@_date: 2014-03-01 00:17:26
So, you use Shamir's Secret Sharing Scheme. Distribute N pieces to N trusted parties, such that M of the parties must collude to retrieve the actual key.
Have every party audit their pieces regularly, and re-issue if it is ever demonstrated that an unacceptable number of pieces gets broken (due to data loss, piece leaked, holder MIA, etc etc)
Make certain that N-M (your margin for error) is larger than any reasonable expectation for data loss during any period between audits (for example, raid fails .. but how often do three unrelated, geographically distributed raid arrays fail in the same narrow time window?), and that M is too large and diverse to be easy for any bad actor to covertly co-opt (eg, greed or blackmail may induce one key holder to turn to the dark side .. but 4 key holders, or 10? at the same time, and to all co-ordinate together to cause harm?)
No system, no matter how expensive or inconvenient, can ever have absolutely zero risk. However, keeping an ultimate string of 256-1024 binary digits (base of a deterministic wallet) both sufficiently secret to vouchsafe $1 billion USD and sufficiently usable to dip into once per month on average is eminently possible.
If it weren't, then heaven help our nuclear launch codes! ;P
EDIT1: Alright, I get it, nuclear launch code security sucked balls for a long time, too.
EDIT2: I had my M's and N's backwards in original text
@_date: 2014-04-21 09:53:46
Meh. While it would be great if they opened that (among many things) up as an option, it is at least something that bots like Automod could easily have access to via the Reddit API and just rebroadcast as a static, read-only page. Just takes a bit of coding work, at that point.
@_date: 2014-07-09 19:25:26
You're as high as fuck if you think you know anything about "the average terrorist", or their relevance to this conversation.
If they are important enough to be dangerous, then they have sufficient resources at their disposal to move money in any fashion they please. How else do you think [HSBC just got dinged for $2 *billion* in fines for facilitating over half a *trillion* USD of money laundering for drug cartels]( Or is a drug cartel not a terrorist in your book?
Bitcoin is not yet large enough to help launder half a trillion dollars of drug money even if it tried. Tell me whether that statement requires an echo chamber, because "Bitcoin being the money laundering haven" is [certainly how it is billed in mainstream media](
Say it with me now: It is harder for organized crime to launder money in Bitcoin than it is via the good old boy's "too big to fail" club.
Now on to legitimate business:
* [Minecraft proceeds frozen by Paypal](
* [Average remittance fees at 9%]( 
And since you're interested in my office, I'll throw in some anecdotes. I recently received a check from a family member for $10k, bank froze it per policy for 21 days. I'm just very lucky I hadn't made any plans to actually *use* the money I had been paid right away. When I sell the same amount of BTC through Coinbase, bank deposit ACH takes 5 days and there is no freeze.
I purchased 2013 christmas gifts, some with Bitcoin and some with my debit card. The bitcoin payments all worked perfectly, some used Coinbase and some used Bitpay as processors. The debit card payments did not: VISA froze them after seeing one large payment to Walmart online (which they reckon is located in Atlanta GA, opposite side of the country from me) and a $26 payment to Minecraft, which they reckon was a "swedish computer repair shop".. those were the ones that stuck in my mind and required the most back and forth to iron out but this screwed tons of things up and meant 2/3 of my presents didn't get delivered until late January.
Bitcoin is digital cash. That means that as a user if I accept the personal responsibility to secure my wallet, to spend carefully due to no chargebacks, and if I own up to the asset not being pegged to USD value then I can dodge all delays, fees, and nanny intervention on behalf of banks and payment processors. It's my money, it gets spent how and when I want on what I want and then the narrative is over.
Say it with me now: It is easier for personally responsible individuals (who are not members of the bourgeoisie) to send Bitcoin in certain circumstances (highlights today presently including donations, remittances, online ordering from retailers with good reputations, digital delivery and digital services, and accepting payment as almost *any* kind of merchant) than to try to jump through the bureaucracy, delays, fees, and moral ass-covering of the conventional banking system. 
@_date: 2014-12-14 04:53:03


So just a quick reality check, you are suggesting that mastercard should dedicate computing resources to build a chain of blocks, each of which contains a proof of work that demonstrates beyond any possible interference from .. mastercard .. that a sufficient amount of  .. mastercard .. resources were sacrificed to notarize that block to the satisfaction of .. mastercard.
And that this somehow competes against not only Bitcoin, but against the single-issuer ledger *that mastercard already runs* which is a simple, central database of credits and debits.
Next you'll tell me that we don't need SSH because the NSA could just run a huge server that we all log into to send one another messages, because the NSA can much more cheaply build SSH tunnels between us on their own hardware than we can with our terrible computers out here on the network edge.
@_date: 2014-01-23 01:41:13
I'm not but if the "value" of something is how much you can get in exchange for *selling* it, then the "price" must be what you have to give up in order to *buy* it. sgig is talking about credit, so he is pricing today's dollars against the value of tomorrow's dollars.. aka, the price is the interest you have to pay on a loan.
That said, I disagree with his assessment that QE can have any sustained positive impact because increasing monetary supply devalues tomorrow's dollars and thus necessarily means you'll have to pay more of those back to buy today's dollars in a loan. Your interest rate will be doomed to be high because you are pricing today's money in tomorrow's toilet paper.
@_date: 2014-03-06 23:19:09
Well, it is *true* that if people wish to remain hidden against the untold masses of the world, they ought not be linking their real names to their pseudonyms. However, that's entirely unrelated to what has us upset.
Here's what has us upset:
* There is no proof the man getting a target painted onto his back is the inventor of Bitcoin, the evidence is far, far too weak. So, how careful do *you* have to be to prevent some rape-murderer from choosing *your* real life name as his pseudonym, hmm?
* Even if the evidence were much stronger and this were really the inventor of Bitcoin, then the information "being available" would be his own poor judgement, nothing you could do about that. However, any one person collating a dossier on you and then loudly broadcasting the contents of said dossier is still harassment. And no, I don't believe the paparazzi should be allowed to do the same either. Basically — short of evidence of criminal wrongdoing or breach of trust — my publicity should be my property right.
@_date: 2014-12-13 00:48:23
Steam can control what gets played on or purchased through it just as easily as M$ can. They either know your region due to your IP or other fingerprinting method so that they know how much to charge you for a game be it in Bitcoin, Euro, USD or whatever; or they don't in which case people can already claim to live elsewhere and connect through a vpn and pay it super cheap.
@_date: 2014-11-22 14:36:45
Lemme buttress that statement, "Gold is fairly unconsumable by an unskilled individual".
People who aren't you might be able to use gold in high end electronics or jewelry, giving it an *instrumental* value from your perspective, but people that aren't you (or maybe you, this use case is a lot less niche) can equally use Bitcoin to instantly and inexpensively transfer value between politically intransigent regions across the globe without disclosing sensitive information as a precondition to the transaction.
Or build payment platforms and services on top of equally unencumbered bare metal.
@_date: 2014-12-09 01:24:04
You never said your account was 100% insured you claimed that your *bank* was, and at least some of the depositors there surpass that limit.
Besides, who has to be a temporarily embarrassed millionaire to run or be involved in a small business, non-profit, union, or any similar organization which has to handle upwards of $250k usd? It's just a side effect of being productive instead of being an ass-obsessed forum troll. ;3
@_date: 2014-03-25 23:17:38
Any consumer?
* Paypal doesn't even work in many countries
* Paypal charges not only the 3% standard fee for customer protection, but up to 8% fees to convert to another fiat currency if buyer and seller don't deal in the same fiat.
* Some people are unbanked, due to low income or bad credit some end-users simply don't have or cannot establish a bank account without large deposit requirements or high monthly fees. Can't paypal very easily without a bank account. Ever tried? Unbanked, low income, bad credit means precisely dick-all to Bitcoin.
* Because of high chargeback risks for some industries (porn, travel, labor, just off the top of my head) the fees to merchant either climb much higher than 3% or they may not be able to find a merchant processor who will serve them *at all*. In these niches customers may face "Bitcoin" vs "sorry, can't even do business".
* Credit card fees for small transactions, ~$1 usd level, overwhelm the principal even for Paypal or Square.
* Discrete purchases (back to porn, sex toys, etc) might be nice noise to keep out of your bank statements.
* Actually anonymous purchases of online services such as VPN, hosting, nameservice, ssl, etc where you have interest for the service provider itself not to know your identity.
* End user may in fact already have Bitcoin (EG, *they* are a merchant who doesn't want to put up with Paypal's BS freezing balances and buyer fraud) and would prefer to just spend it instead of ACHing it into a bank account where they could then, 3-5 days later, post it through Paypal.
At the end of the day, Merchants do not have to pick one system that the majority of people choose to be okay using. Merchants can sign on with 2 or 3 payment methods, and thus capture business from disparate audiences.
@_date: 2014-12-15 23:46:54
How is an convenient, totally optional and rehostable index a "centralized service"?
Do buttpicker trolls even try any more?
@_date: 2014-07-02 18:18:02
Who gets paid their wages daily? I get paid twice per month at this job, but most others I've worked you get paid once per month.
@_date: 2014-12-22 11:12:38
I object to your "everyone" statement, some of us are native because we helped to freaking build the place from the foundation upwards. ;3
@_date: 2014-08-05 00:39:10
The best defense is a good offense.
Let me substitute this equality into your statement:
Defense i cheap. The best defense is expensive.
EG: if you don't pay for a good enough defense, you will get your ass kicked. :J
@_date: 2014-12-09 02:03:48
I bet they would have rather had their money shoved up their ass where at least they could pull it back out again than to lose it, but that is hardly an advertisement for the joys of shoving things up one's ass now, is it?
Besides, tomorrow when BTC-e crashes because they spent their deposits on hookers and blow and trying to get by on fractional reserve that gets called, or gets shut down by authorities because it was really a money laundering front all along, or the owners grab the deposits and run, or get hacked, or *whatever* shoe is waiting to drop off of that foot then their name will just go on the wall with silk road and the others you've listed as "unsafe places to leave your cash" suffixed by "what were they even thinking?! This is bitcoin, secure your own goddamned wallet".
@_date: 2014-07-29 22:58:24
Double spending? Is there a rash of brazen thieves eking 2-8 minutes of time with some model before their 0-conf transaction gets flagged as double-spend and/or a siphon transaction gets 1-conf? õ_O
To me, these kinds of purchases would be significant impulse buys. Legitimate customers having to wait around up to 10 minutes (or more if the user mussed up his mining fee) will cool them to the transaction rapidly and cost you a lot more money than 0-conf shenanigans ever could.
@_date: 2014-07-25 00:51:42
That would lead to a governmental problem if the focus of their influence was to censor speech. Luckily that's not the case here.
Among other things, a transaction memo may be speech but it is also a component of a transaction which is an action (literally: trans - action). Talking about terrorism and drugs (contraband materials) is perfectly legal speech, but labeling your money as possibly having the purpose of financing illegal activities is an action.
@_date: 2014-11-19 22:43:36
Likewise, pretending it's not isn't going to make it false, either.
The proof is in the pudding, and as long as I can get a notification on my cell that somebody changetipped me on twitter or reddit or wherever, and then tap at my phone with no more effort than sending a text in order to re-spend those funds to actually *buy* some pudding at Target (or anywhere else willing to either accept BTC through a simple merchant gateway or resell giftcards through any of a number of those gateways, etc).. then I'd call it proved.
@_date: 2014-10-21 20:08:58
We definitely have The Cloud on our computers, [and it is better than anybody else's cloud.](
@_date: 2014-10-23 21:01:21
Or you're making up an irrelevant distinction as a red herring.
Something is Toxic if it is an element of the environment that causes widespread harm. There is neither a thing chemical about that description nor is there of the method of measuring how much harm is done to determine how toxic an element of the environment is.
@_date: 2014-08-05 00:40:59
Voluntary Armies, which aside from unusual cases of drafting the US qualifies as, are orthogonal to how war is financed or how much of the *general* population (who is ultimately footing the bill) supports the war.
@_date: 2014-08-04 23:08:50


This only offers you *N slowdown where N is the number of users you are trying to crack. [Key Stretching]( is the more important brute-force-resisting technique (though obviously both ought to be used in tandem. ;3)
None of this is sufficient to resist poorly chosen passwords getting pwnt over a pretty short period of time once the hash is obtained, or [re-used passwords entrusted to a bad actor service]( being instantly compromised with no hash-capture required. In comparison, public key systems resist authorization escalation in *all* of it's forms. :3
@_date: 2014-07-30 00:00:11
"Isn't hard" doesn't answer my question or add any perspective. How hard is it compared to the number of people who will attempt to do that in order to score up to 2-8 minutes with a camgirl who will take upwards of half an hour just to begin showing more skin, prior to the operator noticing the doublespend and cutting you off again?
@_date: 2014-07-06 16:49:42
GP mentioned a spectrum of payment methods, which ones are you concerned have a markup?
I can always find "deposit cash at major bank branch" LBC offers at less than 3-4% markup. That may be barely better than Paypal's ~3% local fees but it blows their 8% intl conversion fees completely out of the water, *and I don't even have to have a bank account to use it!*
@_date: 2014-09-27 23:47:25


@_date: 2014-12-24 13:15:27
It does if you hold onto a copy of the key and then sweep it at the arranged time as advertised, or publish a timestamped sweep transaction tied to the unspent output (which would silently fail if that balance got touched by anybody else first) prior to burning your copy of the key.
@_date: 2014-03-03 22:07:03
Yeah.. I linked the same chart. That's non-log, and I can still just barely see the run up Apr, 2013 on it. So, can you make out both the [July 2011]( and [Aug 2012]( run-ups on that chart?
You know, the last several times that somebody said "whoever bought in high (in those cases $31 and $18 respectively, Apr 2013 it was $280) just lost their shirts"?
Well you can see them a little more easily on the [log chart]( and what that proves to illustrate is that our pattern is "tomorrows lows dwarf yesterday's peaks".
Speculation-driven markets cannot do that, because once it's clear that the emperor is nude, speculative confidence is shattered. While I will grant that speculation plays a part in the booms and busts that we see, it cannot be the driving force behind our successively higher low points.
@_date: 2014-01-31 02:26:10
USD can't *have* capital gains since it's the unit against which they measure gains, though.
My question is, do foreign currencies experience gains? (Honestly, I am curious :3) If I buy 10€ EUR with my $10 USD on the currency market, and then sell it back when the price fluctuates in my favor for $15 USD, does the IRS require me to claim gains, or something like gains on that $5 USD profit?
If so, then current tax consensus regarding Bitcoin capital gains is already fair compared to alternative options.
@_date: 2014-10-17 19:23:37
They *do* have a bar code, cashiers just never try to use it.
I've even come into stores with printed out gyft cards, so the bar code has no shiny screen in the way and they're still entering it by hand.
@_date: 2014-01-26 20:30:12
One difference between dice and PRNG for these purposes is that dice *may* fail to be completely random due to die properties, friction, starting position, and a zillion variables that an attacker would never have access to. When PRNG's fail to be random, it's due to processor flaws, time of creation, operating system peculiarities, known PRNG flaws and other factors an attacker *would* either know, or be able to estimate with a high enough degree of certainty to destroy the starting entropy. :3
@_date: 2014-02-21 02:15:14




I don't understand the distinction between volunteering to give the merchant 6/12 months prepay vs having to keep that much in coinbase so that it can trickle-pay anyhow. Is it the concern that if the merchant has to cancel you early, any prorated refund may turn out to be a hassle, so only taking what is immediately consumed or something?
From the customer's perspective it's the freedom of not having to entrust a huge amount of BTC to coinbase, who is not FDIC insured and at least has the technical capacity to fail or become hacked or insolvent or freeze or chargeback from your account for paypal-eque reasons beyond your control. You'd have to keep your balance at one place inflated, not just for one merchant but all merchants you try to pay in this trickling fashion.
@_date: 2014-07-14 21:36:31
*functionally* the same type of crony relationship, then.
@_date: 2014-03-18 20:03:09
But my point is that *people don't care who they get it back from*. All they want is somebody to demand recompense from, understandably until they get recompense. They don't care whether their recompense is coming from anybody responsible for the risks these people chose to take.
Put a different way, people desire to profit from risks they don't have to suffer the negative consequences of. They want people who didn't choose those risks to suffer instead.
@_date: 2014-07-30 21:26:02
Yep. [Tragedy of the Commons](
The effect can also be seen in [the Prisoner's Dilemma]( Namely, if banding together can net both you and the other party(ies) the greatest collective profit, but said banding requires effort and trust and boring things like that, then individual actors (especially individual lazy, selfish actors) are likely to either split off to eke out less profit by themselves, not trust one another or betray one another for relative advantage.
@_date: 2014-12-08 23:30:23
.. charged a tax on all transactions through his wallet?!
@_date: 2014-01-22 23:02:17
Pool would also lose their cut of the found blocks if fewer blocks are found.
@_date: 2014-04-27 13:47:58
Say, if you haven't already, you should consider a primary post on this topic. That's pretty cool, u know. :D
@_date: 2014-01-10 23:43:00
That's assuming you pay in raw bitcoin. The customers who ACH USD into Coinbase to buy bitcoin never hit the blockchain and thus never induce a tnx fee either.
@_date: 2014-12-09 06:05:17


Yeah, my math only counts "what the miners need to earn per tx". Whether that comes by way of block reward subsidy or by way of actual TX fees is immaterial to this math. :3
@_date: 2014-01-01 01:30:15
Your post suffers from the flaw of: "I can never hold onto money for a microsecond that is not local fiat".
Buy bitcoin using an exchange, put it in your wallet. Your wealth is exposed to the exchange, along with it's potential for mismanagement, account balance forfeitures etc for a very short window of time. While in your wallet, none of these factors continue to apply.
Want to send bitcoin to another person, in exchange for goods or labor? Send it from your wallet. The exchange's role is long finished and no mismanagement save your own can foul your transaction or pilfer your savings.
Want to send money using Dwolla, Square, Paypal et al? You have to keep a balance with them and trade in and out of that balance to send money to others. That is the balance they also get to consume as soon as they stop protecting your best interests.


[Localbitcoins]( Sell items for Bitcoin. (I used to love Bitmit for this, I wonder what the new standard is these days? Haven't checked in awhile..) Rent out rooms on 9flats for Bitcoin. Do work and get paid in Bitcoin. Put simply, create value via any means at all on behalf of somebody who has bitcoin so that they can remunerate you. It's the same way to "get" any currency.
You do not have to use any centralized third party to deal in Bitcoin, the US government is simply doing it's best to make their local fiat currency as difficult as possible to trade for Bitcoin in order to defend their banking oligopoly. You might as well say that "netflix sucks" as soon as Time Warner Cable starts blocking them to protect their cable TV profits.
Does the US metropolitan Cable/Telco duopoly mean that you have to use a centralized third party to access the internet? Should you support the alternatives which bypass them or which pander to and rely upon them?
@_date: 2014-10-08 09:16:58
Ah ha. Yes, the existence of easily obtainable bitcoin today at lower prices makes such an offer nonsensical. But no asset instantly reaches an ultimate equilibrium price because nobody can agree on how to evaluate it over time. 
Likewise, if you tried offering to sell mint copies of Action Comics  (first appearance of Superman) to anybody who would have it for $10 usd in Oct 1938, you would be laughed at roundly because no matter how popular it might have been, anybody could still just get a copy at the local shop for probably $0.05c. Offer the same thing today, even adjusted for USD inflation, and your house will get mobbed by both media and interested parties faster than you can say "Dorian Nakamoto".
This is no different than offering 10kbtc to get 2 pizzas on my birthday in 2010, and you had to get somebody over IRC to manually order them for you. Sure today it costs 100,000 times less in BTC but you can buy gift cards from dominos, pizza hut or papa johns in BTC and complete your order online in 5 minutes, and the spot selling the gift cards is open later than the pizza places even are. 
By the time BTC is worth $4.2mil apiece (and yes, probably within a generation if it ever happens), I'm certain your artificially intelligent assistant will judge based on a drop in your serotonin and blood sugar levels combined with declining attitude that you could use a festive meal, and could shift that thousand satoshis over so that there are piping hot pizzas presented to you as if out of nowhere before you even cottoned onto the fact that you'd gotten hungry. :J
@_date: 2014-03-03 19:49:57
So.. Basically interchangeable with "too good to be true" then. 
Speculation driven markets, tulips included, fail after their first ebb though (since output is dominated by input). We've seen 4 major ebbs so far, each milder than the last which would tend to demonstrate that speculative confidence is decoupled from our valuation. 
@_date: 2014-12-18 22:48:42
Per TFA they didn't take the trezor, just his wordlist backup.
@_date: 2014-12-21 08:19:38
Just to confirm, did you read my post you replied to? Meeting someone at the bar or whatever meets every criteria I listed as being similar to a party, and none of the criteria I listed of meeting people via social media.
Find me somewhere in meatspace where you 1. meet a sea of new people with one-way interaction: they publish, you consume and/or you chat, but beyond that conversation you're not likely to meet or recognize them again. 2. the venue is already full of judgmental and signal-boosting features like "upvotes" or "likes" or "retweets" or "subscribing" 3. There's not already a clear transactional system in place to demonstrate appreciation through buying merchandise.
You're basically not *going* to find it, because in meatspace you can already push money at people and they can already push back tokens like merchandise so 3. always happens. On the internet, not so readily.
@_date: 2014-01-01 01:07:06
.. and I can see that you are very proud of that self-appointed distinction.
@_date: 2014-02-25 09:51:56
Price manipulation. The lower Karples can frighten the price, the greater likelihood he can buy back the coin he owes to everybody. :P
@_date: 2014-02-07 20:02:01
Well, outside of the car-accident, random-shooting analogy being good or bad, it's still a complete level of indirection away from Apple. Your analogy applies to the App (did Grooveshark knowingly help infringe copyright Megaupload style; did a bitcoin wallet knowingly aid money laundering, Liberty Reserve style?) and even though that second question has already been loudly enough answered "No!" by Fincen, Apple's app store is nothing but a generic software marketplace.
It is *not even reasonable* to expect Apple to hide behind "what if we get sue" regarding apps in their store, serving their narrow mobile computing platforms, that anybody could run in a web browser on the same platforms with one extra click.
It is more reasonable that they are personally offended by certain vaguely competitive services and wish to censor the very existence of certain varieties of alternative from the only catalogue of software much of their fanbase ever looks to or understands. And/or to appease their corporate culture, their licencing buddies in the music industry, their financial ties they are grooming to launch iMoney, etc.
@_date: 2014-09-30 23:16:08


Aside from big box corporations who will threaten to compete directly against a card network unless they get a discount, who gets credit card processing fees as low as 2%?
I run a wisp with a couple thousand customers, and the best processor we can find charges 3% + [Batch fees, auth fees, settlement fees, nuisance fees, customer service fees, bank interchange fees]( etc which work out to quite a bit more than 3%.
Also, AFAICT the 2.4% only compares fraudulent payment volume as a percentage of legitimate payment volume, and does *not* reflect [the amount card companies will actually saddle a merchant with in actual fraud cases.](
@_date: 2014-12-07 18:40:26
"five years ago, gas was $2.81/gal".
Riiight, and it is today as well. (?)
@_date: 2014-01-06 03:16:20


Who exactly are you referring to? Those whom fortune has not smiled on sufficiently to have formed a reciprocal employment situation? The elderly, the disabled? Religion aside, I'm sure the phrase "there but for the grace of God" is entirely alien to you, because Libertarians refuse to recognize that luck is one primary ingredient to success, and that charity is another.
My current employer hired me on after I was laid off from my previous job, when he did not require my assistance for anything. I did a ton of consulting work and internal work, but never directly earned sufficient revenue to cover my own wages all told. My hire was primarily a favor, I was a loss leader given a chance by a friend who simply felt it was the right thing to do. Perhaps I would eventually pull all of my own weight, but that wasn't the point when I was hired.
I did eventually. My R&amp;D side projects lead to what has become our new core business model (Residential Fixed Terrestrial Internet Service) and we're more profitable than we ever would have been without my participation. I may have skill and my employer may have had capitol, but that gap never would have been bridged without his charity and all of our luck to boot.
Charitable wealth redistribution is simply not an emergent property in a sea of self-interested actors optimizing for personal gain. This is the meaning of [the Tragedy of the Commons]( 


I am not disowning anybody who pays their dues, I am disowning those who benefit from the current system while refusing to pay for their participation. If you disagree with taxes, yet still pay them while debating how to reform them, then we would be cut from the same cloth. But in your posts you are advocating willfully disobeying tax law until it suits your personal preferences, in exactly the same fashion as (to refine the analogy you complained of earlier) a *tenant* refusing to pay part of his rent (or to move) due to not liking how his landlords spend some of their revenues.
@_date: 2014-12-19 00:16:58
Well, the X time period I am talking about is the time from "purchased Bitcoin from USD" to "Sent Bitcoin to sendbitcoin.mx", so I'm sure that as soon as the bitcoin is free to send you'll fire it along. Should you need to chill the bitcoin for longer, then a hosted USD wallet might help but otherwise it's all about things like Coinbase hot wallet running dry right when you try to withdraw = unforeseeable, unlockable delay and sending first to an interim wallet = unavoidable conf delay that may also be unlockable.
So what happens when you deposit BTC with Coinapult? Can you lock on 0-conf, or does it not show as "in your wallet" until 1-conf or 6-conf? If it's the former I would hate to see the day trade double spend attempts people would do. Once you unlock, how quickly can you then withdraw?
@_date: 2014-02-28 15:37:17
If he is, then quite probably, yes. Still, an answer to the question (or endorsement of one already posted) is the least we can do while dressing people down over ignorance. :3
@_date: 2014-12-19 21:04:31
1. All of Coinbase, Circle, Bitpay (the three most popular ways to sell BTC to USD in the US), Paypal and most Credit Card processors use ACH to deposit funds into your bank account, so that destination is the same speed on all fronts. OTOH 1% fee from Coinbase, and 0% fee from Bitpay handily beats 3.5% fees from paypal, 2-3.5% fees from Credit Card processing and up to 8-10% fees when customer's local fiat isn't USD.
2. There is no contradiction here, *we* are the customers so if no chargebacks mean more risk for us and we're not complaining, then what's the problem? Less risk for *the merchant* means it is a no brainer for *the merchant* to offer this option to pay. We simply trust lastpass to dispose of the funds we pay them honorably and do not require a third party to second guess them or endanger their revenue streams on our behalf by enabling buyer fraud, is all. If we *didn't* trust them, then we wouldn't offer them our Bitcoin.
3. What does this mean "weighting of established payment providers"? They sign up for Bitpay, link it to their bank account to authorize ACH deposits, and set up a button or optionally a disclaimer splash page on their website linking to the Bitpay invoicing system. They get one more spreadsheet for accounting every period and one more tax summary every tax period than they are already getting from their CC processor and from paypal. This effort costs them phenomenally less to implement than one more translation of their webpage and documentation does, yet they will do the latter just to drum up business from Slovenia.
@_date: 2014-02-28 15:17:02
Magnets. 
@_date: 2014-12-10 22:37:25
They are regulated and subject to KYC laws. They *cannot* legally release Bitcoin to anonymous users, they have to get their PII or they will be fined right out of business.
So, if you want to send Bitcoin to somebody anonymously then withdraw it to your own wallet (which can send anywhere, no questions asked) and from there send straight to your friends email or even email them a BIP0090 PO. Or ChangeTip them, at least until that latter organization is also saddled by regulation.
@_date: 2014-12-22 11:41:47
To give you a **very** concrete example, miners try to find a suffix they can attach onto a document such that it's hash is below a certain limbo bar. This limbo bar is called the "difficulty" and the Bitcoin network raises and lowers it every 2016 blocks (approx every 2 weeks) to ensure that out of all miners on earth, one of them will solve it on average once every ten minutes.
How hard is that problem compared to cracking a bitcoin address (eg, finding any private key that generates that address, which is precisely all you need to spend money deposited at that address)?
Well, a lot of graphic card and FPGA miners (machines flexible enough to do the slightly different math required to hack addresses; the ASICS can literally do no other things..) turned their efforts to different pools creating "[vanity addresses]( that they get paid for.
This means basically either finding a private key — or an ingredient to a private key for a client such that only the client would know the true private key — that starts with *a handful* of the characters the client desires, such as a name.
A Modern desktop computer with a great graphics card can spend about an hour on this problem to lock an address with 7 unique characters, but each additional character you want makes the entire endeavor 52 times harder.
8 chars? one computer @ 52 hours, so more than 2 days.
9 chars? 52 computers just like that (remember Amazon EC2 instances have no good graphics cards so they fall behind a lot on computing this type of problem..) for 2 days.
11 chars? 2,700 computers all running for 7.4 years...
Christ. And we aren't even a third of the way up this exponential incline!
@_date: 2014-03-04 00:33:47
I .. I'm not sure if you meant to reply to the comment that you did, since your descripion and question doesn't seem to line up? ;3
Nonetheless, if what you're asking is how come Bitcoin can't be double-spent, that's the core of the system.
First, your wallet software signs a transaction document with your private key, that proves that you and only you (who has the private key) has authorized the spending of your funds. The transaction document is basically like a bank draft. It clarifies how you intend the funds to be spent. Usually to addresses corresponding to the private keys of new recipients, though more complex options are also possible!
By itself, a signed digital document isn't proof of your *commitment* for those funds. You might have signed another document earlier, that the intended recipient never saw get published, which would make this one "bounce". So, we invented the blockchain, which is basically a giant timestamped-notary service.
New blocks get generated approximately every 10 minutes, by randomly selected book-keepers from around the world, who earn money for doing their job right. The entire global network of book-keepers' computers work night and day like monkeys banging at keyboards trying to output Shakespeare. Whenever one outputs a passably decent sonnet, that effort acts as signature to a transaction block.
Each block endorses and timestamps a list of transactions waiting to be notarized. It also does some network housekeeping (like maintaining the proof of work difficulty), and endorses the block before it to form a chain. The longest chain with the most proved work in it is the continual winner, and future blocks will not endorse *this* block (including the proceeds the book-keeper claimed for their work) unless it followed absolutely every rule in the system perfectly.
So if somebody sends out a signed transaction document which promises you some money, then it's in the 0-conf stage. There's some minute possibility that they sent another document saying the funds go elsewhere, which is somehow kept hidden from you. Accepting this is like accepting a personal check at face value: for small amounts with good reputation for the sender you'll probably be fine, but for larger amounts or anonymous senders we'll want some verification.
So you wait for the first block. Now you've got 10 minutes of global mining power endorsing the transaction. Now there's an even tinier chance that this entire block is either fraudulent, or will still somehow lose to two blocks in a row quickly output from elsewhere in the network that might endorse an alternate version of your transaction.
As the number of confirmations grows towards 6-conf, the likelihood  becomes astronomically absurd that any malicious variant of your transaction could ever make it onto the network; even if $1trillion worth of dedicated ASIC hardware kicked online to try to outpace the entire present network in a concerted attack, it could never regain that much ground.
So when somebody signs funds off to your address, and you've got enough block confirmations to satisfy your paranoia, that money is irredeemably *yours* and simply cannot be spent again until your private key signs an order to give it a new home once more. :3
@_date: 2014-12-15 07:37:18


Incorrect. They are innocent until proven guilty, so unless/until somebody can legally challenge their ownership (eg, they successfully tumble their coins and then go on a spending spree) the law defaults to them owning coins which A&gt; they control and B&gt; nobody has cause to question their default legitimacy.
This is not a defense of theft, but instead of "innocent until proven guilty" (because discouraging crime is less valuable than encouraging personal autonomy) and yes, it is a condemnation of "money laundering" laws which de facto circumvent that guarantee. ;3
@_date: 2014-01-22 22:55:54
It answers questions about Buttcoin via Twitter?
@_date: 2014-07-24 08:50:46


Well my concern is, under what conditions of your deposit being "lost" would paying them an extra fee protect you?
The only conditions I am aware of are dispute or insolvency.
Either you think a transaction did or did not happen and they disagree (you think you deposited, they did not see the deposit.. they think you withdrew but you either never authorized it or never received it) leading to a dispute, in which case paying *the person you would be in dispute with* extra money doesn't make much sense..
.. or they go bankrupt. They mess up and lose their internal funds, or get hacked, or co-opted by outside forces, or just turn evil and steal your money. This would end their *power* to be able to re-imburse you for your loss because it is equally their loss, so paying would still make no sense.
@_date: 2014-12-20 01:09:34
Since I've read downthread that the user will control their own keys, I'm curious what your distribution plan is to get 1e6 redditors, most of which aren't from this sub (and even if they *were* I would still worry) to download and maintain a blockchain-token wallet of any sort?
They don't know what is a "key" or an "address", 99% do not either back up their data (new PC or phone? Whoops, lost all mah notes!) or keep their PC's secure from Malware, and any additional security hoops you offer are liable to leading people to pan the project.
I would be happy to recommend an approach similar to what bitcointip did back in the day; host the keys by default behind a friendly centralized interface and allow sharp users to export and/or sweep the keys into their own purview, but not necessarily to make that responsibility mandatory. *shrugs*
That leads me to also wonder, what sort of txn fees would be involved when these notes change hands? :o
@_date: 2014-02-23 14:59:27
Picture and ID scan is a very slow process. Linking that to vein scan is very fast, so every subsequent time you use the machine you can be in and out.
Without vein scan, they would require picture and ID every time, along with it's horrendous delay and higher likelihood of manual intervention each time.
@_date: 2014-08-01 04:27:48
What they should have done is bought the fastest moving digital camera company at the time and shielded that under their brand.
Examples: Disney buying Pixar. Google buying .. well, everybody for 20 years straight. :P
@_date: 2014-07-25 01:00:29
Let's shift this discussion a bit. What is it about information that you enter into a web form and submit to a money services business in cleartext (delivered via SSL) that leads you to believe that you have an [expectation of privacy]( *from the money services business you sent the information to*?
I might as well verbally tell my friend Jeff a secret, and then, instead of asking him not to spread it I expect him *not to mentally process it*.
If I said "don't tell Alice I broke her vase" then this is a dynamic that is fairly well understood. But if I said "Don't allow yourself to string these words into a sentence and congeal a thought from them, but I wrecked your car" then I would clearly be insane.
@_date: 2014-04-17 03:44:05
Sure, but then he still could have dumped it out into the recipient's changetip addie. ;3
@_date: 2014-02-28 15:23:44
Has anybody *ever* claimed that bitcoin was "fraud proof"? 
Bitcoin is a commodity, and just like somebody not paying back the gold they held for you, you can sue their asses. That's what "legal recourse" means. 
@_date: 2014-01-23 01:26:46
He did nothing of the sort. All he said was, that if you can predict future market moves you should profit from said predictive capabilities on the markets. EG: put your money where your mouth is.
@_date: 2014-02-09 03:58:12
That's funny, an old 1995 install of PINE never had any problem connecting to Gmail.
@_date: 2014-07-20 02:28:46
Who ever said "free"? You're trying to compare against an irrelevant standard that nobody claimed.
In other news, zero chargeback risk blows all % fees out of the water and would be cheaper than *actually* free CC processing would be. So there is that.
@_date: 2014-07-29 22:28:15
I missed where she said "bitcoin is a cult" in that video. Please offer a timestamp if you have one. I also miss where she said you have to head to a ranch and shave off your hair and get castrated and drink funny smelling kool-aid.
IIRC she did say things like "anybody with a smartphone anywhere on the planet can participate on a whim" and "you don't have to obtain permission from anyone" such as banks and financial processors burdened with the conflict of interest of profiting directly from excluding competition. As far as I am aware this is all well known to people versed in Bitcoin, and worth people new to the system learning about.
@_date: 2014-02-23 15:45:59
If the machine is unattended, then large money can be transacted in small batches so long as Robocoin is failing to tell who is transacting.
@_date: 2014-02-13 11:46:25
Sorry, I thought was refering to [OP](:P
@_date: 2014-01-31 03:36:44
I'm waiting to see a lot of these front end dealers pulling the overstock line.
1. get bitcoins with merchant processor, convert 100% to fiat.
2. tune down the conversion a little bit, or in this case even arrange one sale without converting. Just to get your fingers wet in this "bitcoin" stuff everyone is talking about.
3. You're big enough? So pressure some supplier somewhere to accept Bitcoin as well.
4. Convert less and less bitcoin to fiat as you now can pay suppliers in it.
5. Other car shops that use the same suppliers now have an extra reason to accept *and* to maintain Bitcoin balances. Bitcoin has them surrounded. Accept it from the customer, pay it to the supplier. 
6. As more and more wholesalers and retailers begin to measure the real savings of transacting in Bitcoin (as well as the positive side of it's volatility during growth stages), they begin competing to attract bitcoiner customers by offering better and better discounts, [like Gyft's 3% points back deal](
The snow begins to look quite ball-shaped at this point. :J
@_date: 2014-06-05 00:54:53
Coinbase already has Money Transmitter Licenses and Bonding in 48 states. Is Circle bringing something new to the table beyond the power of a single administrative organization to offer? EG, do their claims invoke higher regulatory bonding?
@_date: 2014-12-14 04:41:21
Doesn't PGP have a WoT database that the linux distros publish their keys on?
@_date: 2014-10-09 21:18:02
I didn't know that Canary Wharf was a real place, I thought it was just a building that got blowed up in Doctor Who S2006. (?)
@_date: 2014-12-22 22:28:30
I don't understand what you mean. I'm assuming what now? Bitcoin uses RIPMD-160 as it's hashing function. What is a hashing "script" and which one of those would be "default" in this context?
Do you mean the portion of the Bitcoin protocol that allows you to specify transaction type, and "default hash160 script" means "default behavior of specifying the RIPMD-160 bitcoin address as sufficient to claim funds" in contrast to requiring the entire public key match (which would be relatively unsafe against anticipated quantum computing attacks vs using the RIPMD hash)?
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:46:27
Yes, that's my thought as well.
Once a the government sets a precedent for coercing corporations to actively *lie* to the American people for it's benefit .. effectively co-opting whatever brand people trust as conflict-free, we'll be living in some interesting times indeed.
@_date: 2014-01-27 11:48:49


Right, I'm sorry I was spouting about USD there. ;)  OTOH the site OP linked me to elsewhere in this thread, cointrader.com, suggests that while they are in canada their unit of account is somehow still USD. (?)  To skip all that hassle I'll just say "fiat" as though that's a unit of account and leave it at that.
My point: If you have $300k in one exchange, that is $150k worth of BTC + $150k of fiat in one exchange .. what is the realistic difference between that and $75k BTC + $75k fiat in each of two exchanges? It remains the same amount of total money. In both cases, you are able to service converting exactly $150k of fiat into USD before the buffer is fully lopsided in that direction.
@_date: 2014-09-25 09:52:22
Is that a quote from somewhere? Because a geometric ratio *is* arithmetic, and there are tons of arithmetic ratios greater than geometric. Cubic or Quartic come to mind, for example.
First term might have instead meant "exponential ratio" which is strictly greater than any arithmetic growth, however since scale increases according to Metcalf's law with the linear size of the society, "geometric" would in fact be entirely accurate.
So perhaps they mean linear instead of arithmetic on the final term?
@_date: 2014-09-06 23:08:02


I think point was that holding bitcoin off of the market leads to a reduced percentage of bitcoins on the market.
He is correct that if all of the markets and price discovery channels run really thin volumes, then we *do* lose liquidity.
But personally, I do think that holding and improving price discovery volumes are goals which can both be sought simultaneously. They don't form a true or an exclusive dichotomy. :3
@_date: 2014-08-06 03:30:37
On the other hand, Wario-ware is HELLA FUN! Yaey :D
@_date: 2014-10-14 08:04:22
[Relevant. Always.](
@_date: 2014-04-05 02:29:31
Well, the machine giving you a paper wallet is pretty "safe" so long as the window of time before you sweep those funds into an actually secure wallet is small enough. If you are using cold storage, you'd probably either print off a QR code of a receipt address when you leave the house (where the cold wallet is), and scan said QR code at the ATM to pay the cold wallet directly; or if the ATM only outputs paper wallets then you could set up a watch-only wallet on your smartphone (watching the cold wallet, thus knowing it's receipt addresses) and scan said paper wallet to sweep those funds into cold storage right away.
If you wanted the best possible safety for end users with the least possible training (eg, without dedicating panic rooms or bank vaults to physically protect cold wallets or what have you), it would be at an ATM compatible with the [Trezor bitcoin wallet]( Trezor is about 90% as secure as a cold wallet (very small surface area for exploitation) while being 90% as easy and portable as an internet-connected laptop or tablet wallet (namely because you can securely plug Trezor into said laptop or tablet). :3
@_date: 2014-02-24 11:26:44
Yeah, pretty self-important. After all, you've just nominated yourself as Grand Decider of what will or will not work for Bitcoin.
For example, why is somebody else halting their operations important for you to figure out some other distribution method that you personally enjoy more?
Go. Do. Work out some brilliant way to launder money and evade taxes without getting caught and then thumb your nose at everyone for being the only one clever enough to see it. The ATMs will still be here because A&gt; *they are legal* and thus don't *have* to hide, and B&gt; People who have no interest obscuring how much bitcoin they are buying or selling through that channel from the (admittedly, corrupt and draconian) government will be equally happy using the one in Austin as they would the one in Vancouver were that more readily available to them.
Bitcoin *is* beautiful because two people with starkly different ideologies or beliefs about how money should work can both go use it at the same time in their own way, and aside from ephemeral perception *there is no crosstalk* between the two projects.
@_date: 2014-12-30 00:23:04
Well, let's review this.
1. The community is diverse, not a monolith
2. Some people here believe that fiat is unsustainable. Some believe that Bitcoin is just better in certain circumstances and wish to use them in voluntary transactions. Some expect Bitcoin to dominate all currencies on earth. Some don't think that any given regional economy can ever really replace their fiat with Bitcoin, but that having Bitcoin as an option is invaluable. There are more viewpoints still, but those are the ones I can think of off the top of my head.
3. Some people here are ancaps, and among those there are some who aggressively oppose anything having to do with a state and others who feel their ideology is superior but are happy to see change in that direction progress slowly and sanely. There are some agorists who are scarcely interested in what the state does so long as they quit harrassing voluntary transactions. There are libertarians who believe government involvement in society is too pervasive. There are a *lot* of people here against wealth redistribution, myself not among them however. I would say a majority here (as well as basically anywhere) are less than happy with our government's performance but only a minority really believe that they can divest completely from the government in any short time frame and either stop paying taxes or see any net positive effect from boycotting all public services they might in the interim benefit from to make up for the taxes they had to pay anyhow.
So if your quoted statement is really "as far as you can tell" then you aren't looking hard enough. I am here and vocal and pro-bitcoin, and your statement in no way describes me. The downvotes your comments get suggest that a half-dozen or more people who have read them feel similarly mis-categorized.
@_date: 2014-01-28 02:37:19
Of course they can. Evidence only gets thrown out if it was illegally obtained. Now thanks to the Patriot Act et al, any information gathered by the US government via any means at all is legally obtained, thus they are free to use it however they'd like. :3
I mean sure, that kind of renders the fourth amendment moot and all .. but is it still relevant anyway? The government is strong and individuals are weak. What good has a contract between the pair of us ever been with no arbiter between us?
@_date: 2014-06-11 23:28:02
Costco everywhere I've gone in Oregon takes Credit Cards just fine. The only part of the store that doesn't is the food court.
Bitcoin in the food court would be problematic because they're so busy and impatient, there. But I *have* considered the idea, myself. ;3
@_date: 2014-09-06 23:18:46
Claiming that all mathematicians are experts in monetary theory or economics is like claiming that Neil DeGrasse Tyson's expertise in Cosmology suits him to perform open heart surgery.
Just because one discipline (in this case cosmology) requires training in models (GR, QM) that are though to be fundamental underpinnings to the other discipline does not mean that the same models continue to be applicable once you've introduced sufficient heterogeneous complexity and lack of available source data.
@_date: 2014-12-03 22:41:43


Alright, so they get SSL for blockchain-sans-cdn.com and when you go to access that site it is down, and it will always be down because without Cloudflare or a similar DDOS protecting CDN every popular website stays down for as long as k1ddies decide to keep it that way.
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:19:15
He lost the keys, or his process to generate or protect them was broken.
EG, he may have encrypted the key using a busted cipher, and/or mis-typed the password. ;P
@_date: 2014-11-22 13:35:39
Actually, more like *you* (or any similar-minded trolls) will post and complain about whatever sounds convenient just to prove your initial point correct, and there is nothing that fair-minded people can do to prevent it.
If WU offered that service, it would essentially be a combination of bitcoin exchange to fiat at one end, transfer to other end, exchange back to local fiat there with guaranteed price lock. While anybody might complain that that is expensive, nobody could claim to offer the same service at a lower fee to everywhere in the world simultaneously until they had built out infrastructure comparable to WU.
@_date: 2014-02-12 02:09:35
It wasn't above this thread when I was reading it, so I hadn't gotten to it yet.
I happen to take pedigree of information seriously enough to confirm what is posted and prevent unsourced rumors like the recent hackernews FUD about blockchain.info . I didn't want to harsh your mellow with my request either, so I offered an self-depricating image macro for levity.
I took the time to return with my findings once I had found it.
I don't understand how this protocol can be considered "needing hand holding", especially when I answered my own question before you even had to be bothered to see it written. But, [seeing as how I'm not the only person under-informed by today's events]( it can still benefit readers who follow me in to see the citation added as a reply to your (now deleted) comment.
I just think it makes sense to be less harsh towards people groping for confirmation and sources about breaking and important events in the bitcoin ecosystem.
@_date: 2014-07-24 01:42:28
I'll need a citation on "murder laws don't prevent homicide". Granted, enforcement and judicial systems are other necessary ingredients, but I assume that is not the angle you are contesting.
AFAICT the areas which people are at risk of being removed from for committing homicide, such as the general population of any country with a functioning police force, have lower homicide rates (or "death at the hands of another person" rates in case you want to get tetchy about statist definitions of homicide) than locations where people who commit homicides stay present: such as inside of prisons or outside of the reach of functioning police systems.
You might argue that homicide laws are not a suit of armor that leads to direct aversion of crimes in progress, and you might argue that these laws do not offer infallible protection, but neither of these are relevant to my original claim that they overwhelmingly contribute to an environment of deterrence sufficiently effective to allow me to live my life free from mortal anxiety.
@_date: 2014-10-30 00:07:05
Because the first two involve co-opting your own personal hardware to leak information on you and the third is supposed to be protected by the fourth amendment, off the top of my head.
OTOH GreenAddress knowing that the same address issued two transactions is not novel information on top of the fact that the entire blockchain knows that the same address issued two transactions.
@_date: 2014-08-28 23:07:31
At point of sale it might, but do most European PC's have an attached chip card reader so that you can buy things online, too?
@_date: 2014-01-05 07:33:17
The math for those following along at home: 75 BTC (half of 150) x $1200 (cost per BTC on Nov 30, when the asset is said to have moved).
So I see this as just one of a zillion reasons never to buy high. Buy in on a dip, and perhaps they can't compel you to share your capital gains. xD
@_date: 2014-08-28 23:02:50
I think I understand what you are asking after. Fraud does not have to directly infect a payment system to happen, and if we project all potential forms of fraud (including phishing, malware stealing wallets, scams, pyramid schemes, simple confidence tricks, etc) you are wondering whether the base resiliance of Bitcoin to buyer-fraud and identity theft is enough to make up for the other kinds of fraud which Credit Card consumer protection normally shields people from, such as scams, broken or undelivered merchandise, hacked personal wallets and insolvent online wallets.
You can build any sort of consumer protection that you wish on top of the Bitcoin payment system so long as both the buyer and the merchant opt into it, and buyers can avoid merchants who fail to play ball with consumer protections. Per-transaction escrow seems the most popular player here, but online wallet providers and merchant gateways like Coinbase and Bitpay can offer even more buyer-friendly options like vetting merchants and suing corrupt merchants on buyer's behalf, etc. 
But I think the important aspect is that buyers and merchants will not be locked into any one *particular* protection system just to do business, and *especially* not one where you have to yield 100% of your funds to a middleperson 100% of the time.
@_date: 2014-08-08 10:20:49
Yes, it neither directly nor officially supported SSL before. It was possible to do  as a workaround, but Admins explicitly asked us not to overuse that as it hurt their server resources *and* they asked HTTPS everywhere to blacklist them from being automatically HTTPS'd.
It looks like that is getting better now, however. :3
@_date: 2014-12-12 23:39:29
Additionally, don't forget the entire meal is very much a tax write-off! :D
@_date: 2014-09-18 19:50:29


I'm sorry, I just enjoy typing in markup. ;3
@_date: 2014-07-30 00:23:32
Man, buttpicker trolls are desperate to get the feces they try to smear onto other people to stick. Keep trying! I'm sure you'll convince *somebody* how cruel and exploitative Bitcoin is! x3
X number of people lack an *improved* latrine, or access to *premium* drinking water. Alright, but they do have a smartphone. They can and do use Mpesa and other SMS-based payment networks so that they do not have to do business with exploitative banks (who either refuse them an account or charge them more in fees than the volume of business they expect to transact). Now they can use Bitcoin to easily send and receive remittances beyond where Mpesa can normally reach. 
Personally, I am of the opinion that a capacity to do business and receive personal monetary aid from abroad that cannot be summarily blocked or appropriated by the local gatekeepers would be a step in the right direction towards affording better plumbing. This is only one note in a fugue of being able to maintain contact with your loved ones, express yourself and your culture, participate in debates and study knowledge and technological wisdom from the collective corpus of humanity.
But I understand if none of this has enough to do with butts to properly captivate your interest. That's why you're in the wrong sub. What you need to do is hang out with your fellow coprophiles in @_date: 2014-08-17 00:37:04
But psychopaths always underestimate the capacity of anybody else to be clever or cunning. It's one of their defining traits: if they properly respected the capabilities of other people then most other forms of proper respect and morality could be axiomatically proven in their minds from there.
@_date: 2014-01-31 04:59:32
Understandable, opening weekend is always a surge. :3
@_date: 2014-03-11 18:02:54
Put in simpler terms, no scapegoat.
People really like it when they can cathartically blame all flaw and misfortune on something external to them.
@_date: 2014-02-04 01:28:13
So stingy! The transaction fees on those things are, 250 milliupvotes.
@_date: 2014-12-24 03:03:02
Well, poo. I didn't downvote you or nothing, I just enjoy being cantankerous sometimes. :3
@_date: 2014-04-14 21:14:09
They seem to be discussing it [here]( and [here]( It has to do with the new payment protocol in 0.9.0 relying on OpenSSL.
The recommendation is either to upgrade all graphical clients immediately, or alternatively to shut them down until you can properly audit your options.
@_date: 2014-12-12 05:41:07
USD can be a pain (read: expensive and time consuming) to acquire and move from franchise shops in far flung nations that primarily accept local fiat.
Bitcoin is by definition easy to acquire when it's already what some of your customers are paying you in (less volume to convert, if any) and it is always precisely as fast as sending a message and waiting for a block conf no matter what the banking infrastructure looks like in your area.
@_date: 2014-09-17 19:53:15
1. OP employees checked for match
2. Match is subjective. People sign things differently all of the goddamn time. Signature only helps when you bring person X to court to help shame them into thinking they cannot deny their own handwriting, when in fact there exists no hard science to differentiate a legit signature from a squiggle.
3. Because of all this BS, signature serves little purpose aside from card companies having a scapegoat to blame everything on the merchant even when they've done everything else right. 
Card companies never *ever* pay out for fraud unless the merchant or the cardholder (whichever one the card company tries to leave with the bag) brings them to court with a sufficiently compelling case. If they *did*, then we would not still be using magstripe today: Card companies *profit from fraud at the direct expense of merchants*, as fraud to them is simply transaction volume with better than ever margins.
@_date: 2014-02-07 22:41:19
Localbitcoins is not pursuant to US licencing requirements. It never handles the fiat, and it's hosted and owned out of Finland.
They're nothing but a listing site that offers escrow only to the bitcoin, so they're a lot more like Craigslist than Ebay.
@_date: 2014-01-11 00:47:08


Yeah, so did AOL. Doesn't help them compete against modern ISP's though, does it?
There will always be the "I'm too stupid to manage my finances / let me help relieve you of that burden" dynamic, and that transaction pair will not benefit from Bitcoin. However, any customers who know what they want and choose not to pay for something they don't want will be well advised to take their money to the places that will actually respect them. That slice of demand cannot be reliably served by charlatans.
@_date: 2014-08-01 04:28:25
The legacy of his work did. :J
@_date: 2014-11-21 00:16:44
Yaey, sprinkles for mah pudding! xD
@_date: 2014-11-22 13:43:27
To be fair, the hidden cost of bitcoin ATM w/ low fees -&gt; Bitcoin remit -&gt; bitcoin ATM w/ low fees that would continue to turn people off is the volatility between when the first person uses the ATM and when the second person does.
The second person might not realize they've been paid for a day or two, may not make it to their local branch for a day or two, and depending on when you select that multi-day period you've a fair chance to have sold low and bought high.
@_date: 2014-07-20 03:05:41
Risks don't always work that way.
Buyer fraud risk in particular: you have an infinite number of potential fraudulent "buyers", who will be attracted to your business that offers irreversible bitcoin for easily forged credit card numbers. There is no force limiting this fraud volume to a percent of your legitimate volume.
So it's not like "maybe 1 out of every X of my customers will try to pull something", it's "an uncountable number of people will try to pull something because what's stopping them? Who cares what my expected profits are if fraudsters will wait in line to eat that, undiscouraged?"
@_date: 2014-08-05 02:07:23
You use an offline drive manufactured by hardware manufacturers that you do not trust, encrypted by software that you do not trust, to make offline transactions using open source bitcoin software that you do not trust on an operating system you do not trust running on computing hardware that you do not trust. Then you transfer the digital transaction which you now cannot trust (potentially via USB stick or hard drive partition or web camera you do not trust, or else you're typing in hundreds of hex chars by hand every time through a keyboard you do not trust) to an oxymoronically named "hardened online system" whom you do not trust to rebroadcast across the internet any file contents or keys or passwords that were typed and then packaged in the spare bits of your sending tx entropy to god knows what locations.
This pattern is virtually identical to the pattern offered by the Trezor Keyfob, save that with trezor everything on the cold storage side is shrunken down to a few hundred kilobytes of transparent software running on a few dozen dollars of transparent hardware, all purpose built to this one goal with no *room* for third party malware to take hold nor for initial malware to hide from scrutiny *in contrast* to your health hazard of an everybody has a finger in the pie cold storage stack.


Then your beef isn't with Trezor it's with BIP 0032 wallets to begin with. So long as "the keys" weigh 256 bits or less then there is no more honor in them existing as an encrypted magnetic stain on a platter drive than an encrypted magnetic stain in NVR.
Save perhaps for the tremendous security guaranteed by your sense of personal sentimentality, of course. And good luck with that. ;3
@_date: 2014-12-17 21:33:48


Changetip is the next evolution of the original Bitcoin Tip Bot on reddit, which *did* perform all of it's tipping on blockchain. Unfortunately the friction was just too high to keep that method realistic and they shut down when Changetip came around.
@_date: 2014-03-25 20:03:35


Is it selective enforcement that the illegality of tax evasion is held in direct proportion to the volume of taxes evaded?
This is no different from enforcing speed rules more harshly for people who exceed the speed limit to higher degrees. 90 in a 55 should be enforced more aggressively than 56 in a 55, shouldn't it?
@_date: 2014-06-26 00:58:19


[Are you suggesting that precisely that did not happen in Cyprus, last year?](
How healthy are the German gold deposits in the US Federal Reserve, these days? You know, [the ones they were never allowed to withdraw?]( And if they can't keep track of $141 bil for one single client, what makes you think your tree fiddy is so sacred to them?
If you think that a bank has to lower your listed balance just to swindle your money, then I don't think you've been banking for very long.
@_date: 2014-07-25 01:56:54
Yeah, that guy that walked by totally covered in blood who threw a gun into the river, and then dumped a lumpy body-sized garbage bag in over the pier before driving away? It was totally my civic duty to help him figure out where the nearest self-serve gas station was so that he can get out of town at best possible speed and then never to tell another soul.
Because obviously there was no victim thus no crime for me to be involved with.
@_date: 2014-07-30 21:17:07
Yep, this is the business model. Just like Teamviewer, hamachi, virustotal, AVG, pingdom, etc: free to the long tail of nobodies but once you really need to start leaning on the service you're paying the tab to cover everybody's use.
@_date: 2014-10-23 18:35:44
Dear Olaf:
Please momentarily log out of reddit, and then visit the link for your user page:
and notice that, when you are logged out, the link is a 404.
This normally indicates a shadowban by Reddit Admins.
Have a pleasant day.
@_date: 2014-09-18 21:43:09
Have you posted a story about this somewhere before? It sounds like the sort of content folks would discuss (perhaps even develop best practices to avoid being swindled) given half a chance, but I hadn't heard of it before.
@_date: 2014-07-24 01:03:29
1&gt; Your vault is not handled differently at the back end than any of their assets are. It's 97% cold storage. The "Vault" product is merely a hardenning of their withdrawal protocols in relation to converting "bitcoin Coinbase accounts on your behalf" into "Bitcoin Coinbase will transfer on your behalf".
That said, [this guy]( did a public audit of them Feb 2014. The real power of an audit though lies in "Who is auditing them". Is the auditor orthogonally trustworthy to Coinbase, and/or skilled enough to tell a secure operation from a vulnerable one?
2&gt; 
@_date: 2014-07-02 07:33:18
Ah yes, because ad hominem. I forget, lol.
@_date: 2014-09-12 19:53:56
ʇɥƃᴉɹlɐ ✧ﾟ･:✧ﾟ･ノ(ಠ_ಠノ)
^^I'm ^^just ^^guessing ^^that ^^this ^^is ^^how ^^it ^^all ^^works ^^xD
@_date: 2014-09-19 01:28:51
A&gt; I know of nobody who does this. The price will fluctuate screwing up the amount you try to deposit unless you deposit after the contract is set in stone. For the newbie, LBC isn't going to tell them *how much* to deposit until after the contract is set, anyway.
B&gt; Buyer will just convince them to use the LBC withdrawal feature to send to their address in cases where the escrow says it's already funded.
Again, this is not about "LBC is bad" or "people shouldn't use it" or "LBC doesn't do enough to prevent scams", but it is clearly disingenuous to claim that scams don't happen on LBC because each trading party is left responsible for wiping their own ass and when it comes to moving money 90% of people will forget to wipe.
This doesn't bother me too badly, because the only way to teach somebody who refuses to listen or to pay attention is with a dash of cold water, so people are out there wising the fuck up as we speak and society is the better for their collective education. But whoever isn't ready to have their doughy ass handed to them by scammers just yet may be better suited staying on the tour path with Coinbase et al until they start to grow their sea legs a little less traumatically.
@_date: 2014-09-29 05:37:57
Yeah, probably for instructional purposes and/or so that the die-hard paper pushers have an interactive model to compare their work against. :3
@_date: 2014-11-28 17:15:31
Either from a similar dumb-sms service wallet that has funds (send to the recipient's telephone number or send to the address, either way works), or from an internet-connected device to the address, or trade with somebody out in the field who uses MPesa: your shillings for some of their BTC.
@_date: 2014-01-31 03:23:57


He doesn't have to. If Gavin is not skilled enough then whoever is will fork the code and run with it. Whoever can demonstrate to miners, exchanges and merchant service providers that their code is good enough to be the new reference will win. :3
@_date: 2014-02-08 01:20:57


Cash? You run a retail store with some legitimate sales and blend your stack of cash into the deposits over time as fictional sales. No AML requirements in retail so nobody will ever track down or audit your fictional customers. This is how the mob has done it for decades.
For every other product, it's the opposite direction perfectly matching your prior illustration. Retail some legally obtained widgets. Purchase more at bottom-basement deals from a fictional supply house, when really you're just paying yourself for your own covertly obtained widgets. Bonus points if you get large, inexpensive boxes shipped to you from overseas as an additional papertrail for a fictional supplier who doesn't have to report to the IRS.
You complain about a huge "audit me" sign but that mechanic is so simple that there exists no fracture points. Let the auditor in, because if you're going to all that trouble then all of your books and receipts *are* already in order. :P
EDIT: I scroll down 2 posts and see you [describing the same scenario]( So what the hell are you asking us for? Running a small business is cheap when you've got a $100k to launder, bro. I know this not from laundering, but from knowing how much you could hypothetically get done as a small business if you *had* $100k laying around. ;P
@_date: 2014-11-03 10:22:37
Tell that to the housing industry in 2009. My grandparents owned a house valued at $400,000 one year that was worth $70k the following year. Not a god damn thing was done during that year to alter the house.
I would call that a flash crash.
@_date: 2014-10-31 03:53:26


Because the market graph does not represent some kind of repeating logarithmic heartbeat pattern, it represents the collective valuation of several million disjoint and challenging to predict individuals.
I said what I meant, that IMV Bitcoin requires some killer apps to regain consumer interest. If there aren't any more innovative things you can do with Bitcoin today compared to 1 year ago, it's value isn't going to get anywhere until there is.
Nothing on your list represents something you could not do with Bitcoin last year (save buy product X from Y retailer instead of Z, or instead of with a giftcard intermediate step) — let alone anything new or innovative. Most things you listed like HD and multisig were innovations from 2012 or 2013 that are just seeing a slight amount more exposure now. Colored coins haven't gotten anywhere yet, Zerocoin hasn't gotten anywhere yet. Sidechains look promising but they have not yet seen an implementation.
It's going to take a lot of hard work and a lot of clever marketing, but it is not some magical promise that time will drive the price up.
And I'm sorry if you interpret any view alternate to that as trolling.
@_date: 2014-09-24 20:49:02


Not true. The merchants first *buy* your bitcoin from you using their goods and services, and then *sell* that bitcoin back off for fiat. This means the merchant has zero net buy/sell pressure.
The sell pressure comes from Bitcoin users *cashing out to merchants* and it can be reversed if only those same users buy (via fiat or work or whatever) as much BTC as they spend at said merchants. :3
Incidentally, the coinbase wallet makes this easy as they have a reminder offer to buy as much BTC as you just spent each time you send money out of their wallet.
@_date: 2014-02-08 01:05:34
So are laundromats (pun notwithstanding) and restaurants. They sell upwards of $300 of goods and services per year and get abused by the mob to launder money, so why not force them to get licenced also?
@_date: 2014-08-04 22:47:44


Or they just try to log in from a different computer or device. So long as people don't know how to take the credential with them, they're kind of upside-down turtles. :S
@_date: 2014-12-09 02:24:44
MtGox was making even more money from trades. We don't know if they either stole it and closed, or just fucked up and lost it all, but absolutely zero considerations protect BTC-e from the same fate. The Silk Road also made even more money from trades, but we do understand how they were both *de-anonymized* and taken down.
It is the nature of any centralized storage solution and the reason that wealthier players like Circle and Coinbase opt for explicit depositor insurance. Nobody keeps a perfect track record forever and nothing but luck enables the same for any given finite interval.
@_date: 2014-12-03 05:37:05
I dunno, but 30k bitcoins are worth 11.4 million USD and FDIC only insures up to the first $250,000 so.. unless you're paying for separate insurance over the rest all bets are off in fiat-world, too. 
And you're comparing that to *paypal*? [Here is the last news I ever heard]( about multimillion dollar Paypal "accounts".
In any event, you only need insurance if you cannot secure your own funds. If you can't keep 256 bits worth of entropy a secret then maybe you do belong in the chargeback roulette playpen, it's not my problem. ;3
@_date: 2014-07-20 06:13:28
Right, but is there not 17 trillion worth of wealth in the world combined? You know, like tree fiddy per person alive or something?
@_date: 2014-07-25 01:58:04
This sounds like something that spoiled people who have never been on the losing end of a crime might say.
@_date: 2014-09-20 09:53:26
Because when shadowbanned users post the post is automarked "spam". Then it shows up in the modqueue and if subreddit moderators choose to they can approve the post.
PS: I hope he enjoys pushing his noodle uphill with no credibility then, shit just sounds boring as hell to me.
@_date: 2014-09-30 19:58:51


All things being equal, sure they would. But when are they ever equal?
Check out [this thought provoking presentation by CGPGrey]( about the promise of self-driving cars in particular and about the large scale automation of a good portion of human labor in general over the next couple of generations.
While this may be a flaw in our present economic expectations more than anything else, the problem is that a self-driving vehicle costs X. Can you afford X? Maybe it's a million (2014) dollars, then you are really paying out the nose for this luxury of no longer having to put any thought or effort into your godlike transportation. Everyone wants one but not everybody can afford one. On the other hand, maybe X is fifty bucks. Can you afford *that*?
Curiously, self-driving cars at $50 (2014) dollars would be *more* expensive than one million, by way of the fact that in our current economic model *fewer* human beings would be able to afford that. Why?
Because they could not attain that level of inexpense without first making virtually all of human labor, and thus of human *personal revenue streams* obscolete. There will come a day, and frankly it's the day your self-driving cars get as perfect as you've been hoping, when *humans* stop being worth the time, effort or care for their far more productive, and creative machine offspring. What would we have left to offer them?
I don't know what is the right way to reconstruct our economic models to survive that paradigm shift, but I imagine it will take *a lot of care and attention* on all of our parts.


A better product for you, personally, and for your boring, first-world, "consume like I've been trained to all of my life" needs. Not a better product for anybody who has to send money across borders, or [who doesn't want their accounts inexplicably frozen]( or [stolen from to bail out the broken banking system]( Not a better product for anybody who has had their [lives ruined by identity theft]( after security breaches at Target or Home Depot. Not a better product for people who *produce* instead of just lazily consume and have to [eat 100% of basically unstoppable buyer-fraud]( And — quite obviously, not a better product for the [35% of the world population who *do not even currently use your product*]( even when *no* alternative exists for them.
@_date: 2014-10-17 19:44:58
The redemption procedure is "show the cashier the phone or print-out", and if they feel like they have to stand on their head and recite scripture while inputting the numbers just stand back and let them do their thing.
Gyft can't warn you about that since it will change location to location or sometimes even cashier to cashier. :(
@_date: 2014-12-19 20:05:14
Lastpass does not do automated renewals (I know because I just did a renewal and they had a spiel about "We do not do automated renewals").
Reddit was only "losing money" because they were doing [daily sweep via Coinbase]( which created the extra account busywork to reconcile the small value changes between payment and sweep, instead of instant conversion as popularized by Bitpay that would have utterly eliminated that issue. That was also a year ago, so I dearly hope they have either eliminated the variability exposure properly or at least automated the reconciliation process by now. :P
Lastpass already uses Paypal, so were I them I would put the disclaimer on the Bitcoin payment page that we only tender refunds for Bitcoin payments via paypal, and only denominate payments in USD. If business started picking up over time, then maybe I'd consider setting up something more native like BIP0090 support to tender (USD denominated) refunds back to customers via Bitcoin.. but no rush on that side.
@_date: 2014-02-10 06:37:43
I came to KFC one day in the mood for those boneless honey barbecue wings they had just gotten famous for serving. I ask for them in the drive through, "oh no we don't carry that anymore".
So now I'm a dbag too, just because they weren't trading what I want to trade so I went to find somebody who does instead?
Let me tell you something brother, dbag is not the opposite of floormat. There is a middle ground you should look up some time called "being assertive" and standing up for what you want. There's no harm in that and don't let anyone tell you different.
@_date: 2014-10-23 20:18:53


I don't. I want it to become indispensable to businesses which learn how to turn it to their profitable advantage, and thus eventually also become indispensable to people who cannot tell the difference between Facebook and their computing device. Until then, those latter people have nothing to offer our ecosystem but possibly whinging entitlement.
Now if 99% of the internet actually felt like learning infosec and comprehending Bitcoin *prior* to using it, then that would be astounding and I would welcome them all. If something went wrong and they understood where the fault actually lied instead of pissing and moaning that we didn't nanny them sufficiently, then they would earn our support and sympathy.
I don't expect that 99% of the world is going to try anything like that, but I also don't require them to. 1% of many billions is plenty to spur the evolution of an ecosystem like ours, thank you. :J
@_date: 2014-09-16 23:07:41


But since it is simply a bitcoin node can you not rely on the protocol to blindly offer you replication, and simply install multiple nodes with limitless flexibility for your high availability? Throw an anycast IP on top of them all for simple API access.
They are relying on Postgres for flexibility in making complicated queries, and not for replication.
@_date: 2014-08-07 07:47:45
The locations of wall street banks aren't the problem, Jurisdictional Creep is.
The regulation states that "if you *could* have customers in NYS (with no criterion specified for doing due diligence to confirm you do not) then you must apply for a bitlicence, which in turn regulates *all* of your bitcoin-related business and *all* of your customer relationships, bitcoin or not. 
Thanks to the Interstate Commerce Clause in the United States, any organization within US jurisdiction will be held accountable for whatever laws this one state pulls out of it's ass regardless of where the business is located, so long as they can prove business was done with a New York Resident (think sting operation pulled off by New York LEO operating over a private VPN egress in California, and/or LEO with enough identifying information stating another state while still by any legal technicality at all being a New York citizen).
This combined with ass-impaling regulatory capture outlaws bitcoin commerce in the united states de jure, save by whatever financial institutions or ETFs were above the law to begin with if they *feel like* using Bitcoin.
The US attempting to throw it's weight around the international stage on this matter is less likely. They've had only minimal luck so far with Kim Dotcom, The Piratebay, Wikileaks and Snowden for example, and I don't foresee anybody spending as much money to force extradition in Bitcoin cases as they do in cases which irritate the lucrative Entertainment Industry or which directly embarrass the military.
@_date: 2014-02-15 00:54:03
I got chewed out by another commentor the last time I posted it though. :O
@_date: 2014-10-01 17:59:47


Please double-check what the word "oligopoly" means? The market *cannot* function when there is no competition. If the terms set by *the only credit card network on earth* aren't good enough for you, then short of bitcoin you are instantly incapable of any remote payments at all.
@_date: 2014-01-26 19:09:16
This goes against [Betteridge's law of headlines]( which states that when the headline of an article asks a yes or no question the author's purpose is to answer the question with a "no".
@_date: 2014-11-16 04:08:08
Marks the "free speech means speech free from criticism" square on his "bullshit seen on Reddit" bingo card for the day. Thanks!
@_date: 2014-12-20 08:44:21


I stepped down as mod because I said the same (at least the first half) and Theymos said "bahaha, no!". x3
So now I just call them out focusing on things like insulting behavior which they are often never rid of throughout their posting history, spending all of their time wallowing in a forum dedicated to something they claim is excrement and then human centipeding that sentiment into a different subreddit dedicated to stalking, and how all of this proves to any careful onlooker that their motives are utterly dishonest.
I also RES tag the ones fitting above description for future reference and to coordinate quickly downvoting and skimming their dishonesty, and ignore the ugliest ones so I get the chance to brace myself before stepping off the sidewalk into their cesspool flamebait.
I think that's helping though, even without special powers. :J
@_date: 2014-12-19 04:00:30
The first time I heard of it is when I wished to show financial support for Wikileaks, but they were blackballed by every major payment processor in the world (visa, mastercard, paypal, skrill, everything) because what they were doing — put bluntly, "journalism" — may have been illegal by our national laws but more importantly made the powers that be feel upset and embarrassed.
So personally, I think *that's* one of the things Bitcoin is good for. Allowing pairs of people to do business globally even if the nanny state does not approve of your being privy to that information, or of imbibing that forbidden chemical, etc.
You cite DarkNetMarkets, which is an easy target given the high percentage of people there after marijuana (which will be legalized where I live effective this June) or MDMA (give it another few years. :P). Or do you honestly think anyone would buy it if you sided with your sayallotodabadguy compatriot to suggest that that's forty thousand redditors all ready to pay for somebody else to be murdered?
You know full well that obediently following the law does not define morality. Some laws are outdated or capricious and will not change *until* they are resisted. Hell, [even Google's self-driving car team have run studies to find that driving at or below the posted speed limit is often *hazardously unsafe*]( and that the optimal speed is roughly 10mph above.
Our cars *allow* us to supersede this limit (contrast with Hong Kong, they are literally fitted with governors and alarms) and a majority of us do resist the law. Does that make cars immoral?
BBS' initial point was just that. The capacity to use a tool for an immoral purpose does not condemn the tool, less so still the capacity to use a tool for an *illegal* purpose when the applicable laws themselves evince questionable morality.
@_date: 2014-09-30 23:10:14
.. like securing your own wealth.
@_date: 2014-07-24 09:59:34
They claim to have email transcripts admissible as evidence (as opposed to being slipped under the door from the NSA) but their complaint only summarizes (eg, editorializes) the emails instead of quoting directly from them and *nobody* knows what chain of evidence any of this rests upon.
@_date: 2014-08-29 00:32:16
Newegg's sale is roughly 30% off and it doesn't matter what item you buy. This is in contrast to "3% off all the time" that may not quite reach buyer's radar, but once Bitcoiners start spending Bitcoin balances during the sale they are liable to follow the inductive current and continue to shop there beyond the sale as well. That is how *all* sales work: using discount inducement to train your customers to spend money with you beyond the sale as well.
If improved CC security was equally effective at saving money without prohibitively expensive processing and deployment fees then merchants *would* offer customers discounts to use that in order to save themselves the costs of buyer fraud. Since they don't, it is obviously not a factor.
Credit Card companies are *never* going to make security cheaper for merchants so long as Credit Card companies *directly profit from fraudulent transaction volume*.
And that's the noose that will hang them.
@_date: 2014-12-19 04:27:06


It's not?


only temporarily inaccessible, until you unlock it: EG, "Lock"


displaying what you have available measured in a certain currency is what most people consider a "balance".
So Coinapult calls this "A Bitcoin balance (because you're only going to be able to withdraw it as Bitcoin) locked to another currency (because while it is locked it's amount is denominated in a different currency)".
If you can find a more concise way to describe this very attractive service that I'm pretty sure precisely zero people are fooled into thinking is anything else, we're all ears. :/
@_date: 2014-07-24 09:58:04
I've read the complaint. The state has quite a case to make about what Charlie was or was not aware of. The complaint "summarizes" (in particular, does not directly quote) the contents of emails the state claims to have in their possession that are legally permissible as evidence, but said evidence has yet to be seen in court and Charlie's position is apparently that said summaries are BS.
@_date: 2014-12-05 22:04:21
It may not. But, How is recording your name, address, DoB, SSN mother's maiden name and debit card pin in cleartext in a globally accessible database secured with password "hunter2" going to get you your Xbox One in good shape?
Regardless of how anonymous you are, you require an escrow to ensure anything of the sort. You can use Bitcoin escrow or you can entrust that job to MasterCard.
* Hint  If you tell MasterCard "My Xbox never arrived" or "My Xbox showed up broken" they're not going to give a shit and you're out the money for an Xbox. If you instead tell them "My card was stole, whanh!" then it doesn't matter if your Xbox arrived in perfect condition, now it's on the house and the merchant has to jack up the prices for everybody else after you just to catch up again and stay in bidness.
* Hint  Try shopping at large retailers who have better reputations than MasterCard does to begin with so you will not require a *more* trusted third party to handle escrow. Is Wal-mart or Overstock about to ship you a brick instead of an Xbox? :P
@_date: 2014-08-02 06:50:10
Is that enough to buy Kitten Managers? :O
@_date: 2014-02-08 06:55:48
The more recent indictments follow the same pattern.
Charlie Shrem didn't follow KYC/AML regulations well enough ... *and he went all loose-lips in email about structuring drug money*.
These two new Florida LBC traders didn't follow KYC/AML regulations  or register as money transmitters for in-person trades ... *and they looked the other way when sting operators blabbed about wanting to fence stolen credit cards*.
@_date: 2014-10-12 01:34:33
Wrong, if it were *tied* to USD then it's USD exchange rate would not noticeably fluctuate. But it does. Contrast to Linden Dollars, which *are* tied to usd @ ~256L$ / $1.
I will go out on a limb and assume you mean that "around the world people traditionally value BTC in terms of USD". This may be true, however almost every commodity on earth is "traditionally" valued in USD (or in other fiat which *is* for all practical purposes pegged to USD), and that would stop shortly after any point where the USD either hyperinflates or just becomes an unreliable pricing source.
@_date: 2014-02-19 02:53:37


The monetary recipients have a reputation to uphold in most disputes while the senders both choose to initiate the transaction and can come back in a thousand times wearing fake moustaches to make a thousand transactions before initiating chargeback on all of them. 
Potentially with stolen cards.
The goods tendered by the merchant, on the other hand, are normally irreversible.
So, when somebody perpetrates identity theft, the thief walks away with the goods while the merchant and the defrauded card-owner are left to see who eats the losses, regardless of how the "dispute" works out. EG: the merchant always loses.
Most notably, the credit card company who's job it is to make this payment authentication system secure *never* pays for the loss and *always* rakes in fees from all sides, which is one helluva conflict of interest.
I think it's infantile because "escrow" should not mean "other people control *all* of your money at all times and can decide to empty your account to pay back somebody you did business with years ago who began whining, or to bail out your bank or to settle arbitrary liens". If we cannot trust the owner of property to actually *own* it, then we are treating them like children.
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:44:14
I might accept it as a defense in our present situation instead of your analogy, due to the unique aspect of "you can't order me to say *materially false* things".
Even if the government wished to travel down that road, it sure is a hell of a precedent to publicly set when you move from "don't release any details about what's going on, it will inflame the situation" to "actively lie and feed falsehoods for us to the American people, we need citizens to fall into our trap and look forward to future generations never knowing when to trust one another".
@_date: 2014-08-06 22:02:02


It says a lot that you're currently grasping at straws like "there is a name on a check, that is totally like the regulatory requirements of Bitlicence".


Wait.. so you can't tell the difference between a profit and a deposit, now? 
You deposit $X with me, and trade that for net 10BTC which you keep on file with me. I earn 0.01BTC commission on the trade. Now I have 10.01 BTC on file due to your activity. 10BTC of that is a deposit, which is best stored as BTC because that's how it is denominated and Bitlicence so far as I can tell does not interfere with that part, but the other 0.01 BTC is *revenue*. After cost is accounted for, revenue is *profit* and doesn't belong to anybody else but the company and/or it's shareholders assuming it's public.
If Bitlicence wanted to regulate forcing businesses to outline practices like holding BTC-denominated profits to it's shareholders so that they are never mis-informed, I would have no beef with such a requirement. But what of shareholders or single proprietors who would *choose* to denominate their profits in BTC? Who's business is it for NYS to tell them they aren't allowed to account their own money as they see fit, *especially* if this comes off the back of BTC-denominated revenue which may carry significant conversion friction?


The timeline of MtGox problems includes USD Withdrawal issues months before the December bubble even began, and BTC withdrawal issues blamed on TX malleability weeks *after* the bubble burst, and leading to no significant value changes on any other exchange.
The bubble was caused solely by media interest in china which chilled, ending the bubble, solely because of banking pushback in china.


So you are suggesting that the multi-trillion dollar bailout played no part in the present solvency of American financial institutions? Citation please, because I certainly would have loved to not spend that money if there was, in fact, nobody to even bail out as you suggest.
@_date: 2014-01-26 18:23:02
I didn't know an awful lot about cashier's checks, so [I checked it out on Wikipedia](


Cash is an unladen asset. Once you have it, it's *yours* and short of that our banking system does little to actually allow you fully control over that much liquid wealth at one time.
In other news, it is interesting to hear that even a *bank* can trust Bitcoin as counterfeit-proof within about an hour of confirmations while cashier's checks are expected to cool off for several weeks while the statistical probability of somebody crying "foul" dies down. :P
@_date: 2014-08-29 00:35:09
How was my submission "medium sized words"? With tiny adjustments it passed just fine on [upgoer five](
@_date: 2014-04-11 20:45:17


At a guess, I would say because moving money from South Africa to Argentina using Western Union requires that single administrative organization to maintain branch offices in a minimum of these two wildly different countries, and to hold all branches accountable to the parent organization for their finances, with all of the overhead that relatively inefficient requirement implies.
If John sends Jim $100 worth of gold futures, then sure John can just buy them from a local broker and Jim can sell them to a local broker at his side.. or the brokers could handle all of this and the transfer as a value-added service. But then those brokers, or the customers, or somebody would have to exchange the property of these gold futures on a larger, centralized international futures market that takes their cut, and that must service every piddly geographic area in the world. Said market can't see competition in this space without other world-spanning markets that have fingers in every country.. again, just like western union.
If you remit with Bitcoin, then you buy Bitcoin at a local broker (all AML paperwork happening at same broker level, normally at maximal fees of 1%) send bitcoin to destination, who then sells for their fiat at a different local broker. Nobody has to pay the overhead of any single company with pan-national presence, you can simply interface with a heterogeneous worldwide network of local brokers.


AML is only a national concern, one that for almost all practical purposes exists only in the United States, and for Bitcoin it only applies at the phases of cashing in or out of USD.. not at the phase of transferring the Bitcoin itself. Bitcoin brokers like Coinbase handle their own AML requirements, and you buy or sell the Bitcoin with them. There is no central interest to AML diligence required between you and the international party you are transacting with.
@_date: 2014-12-17 22:23:35
Dishonesty is: spending all of your free time in subreddit \to preach about how Widget is worthless. [Bonus points for spending most of the rest of your time jacking off in \Bagged and tagged, have a nice life. x3
@_date: 2014-12-09 10:08:57
No, my calculations fail to address the hashpower desired by the network, and the best way to calculate that is to determine how much money *per minute* an attacker would attempt to spend *specifically* to attempt a 51% attack, which by it's nature would have to be maintained for some amount of time for probability to allow forged double spends.
How many millions of dollars per minute would *you* like to spend for the roulette wheel chance of tricking one person into thinking you are paying them X amount of BTC when you're really just slipping it back into your own pocket?
@_date: 2014-04-04 20:04:01
Most people will have ignited by the time they reach four hundred degrees, regardless of their continent of origin though. :O
@_date: 2014-12-27 15:08:30
.. and if you cannot get the $500/acre/yr that Buffet describes as an average of maxima without spending more than $500/acre/yr in expenses (for example: *if you are not already trained in professional farming*), then it is more valuable to cut your losses and sit on it and eventually resell it just like any other commodity you can't draw intrinsic value out of.
Most people who own more than a kg of Gold are neither jewelers nor electronics manufacturers. Most people who own more than a ton of steel are not making railroads or storage containers out of it. 
Most commodities are held or traded as is, and only relatively rarely bought up by people who intend to make those commodities *useful*.
@_date: 2014-12-09 06:08:47
Then you did not read the end of my comment:


Besides which, it's easy for any researcher to wireshark a downloaded hot wallet and note any unusual network activity, especially communication with the mothership as that is not required in standard bitcoin wallet operation. It is hard to do the same when the wallet is constantly chattering via TLS to the mothership as part of it's standard operation. :P
@_date: 2014-02-04 01:45:51
I'm not convinced we will ever price goods or loans in Bitcoin, nor would I care to. But I sure do love pricing my savings in Bitcoin. :J
@_date: 2014-12-30 22:12:34


So long as the transaction is signed and valid, why would other miners try to reject the entire block containing it in favor of "something else they just saw in the mempool"? If they did, we would get a *lot* more orphans and forks than we presently due thanks to conflicting spends getting seen first by different parts of the network already.
@_date: 2014-01-20 19:23:55
The Bitcoin capital market is summed up by "the wealth you hoard today represents an increase in the purchasing power of everybody else". So you save money and everybody else enjoys more value per BTC while you do so due to it's being that much more scarce.
You don't need fractional reserve to describe a perfectly elastic capital market, and you never did.
@_date: 2014-02-09 04:01:57
I haven't heard of this allegation before. Link plx?
@_date: 2014-12-08 06:45:12
Next step would be to let folks *sell* bitcoin via ACH, then when you tip people who don't understand this whole "Bitcoin" thing they have a clearly marked exit and completely understand that this is utterly potent money they just got sent through a youtube comment or whatevs. :P
@_date: 2014-02-13 21:13:35
Transaction malleability had a wiki entry. So, "problems with their own pages or forum threads" might be a place to start. 
Otherwise, how can we justify vilifying one party for not accounting for a specific problem that nobody even had the power to enumerate? 
Elsewhere in this thread I listed the newbie traps of car ownership. "limit distance driven in a flat tire", "limit distance driven with oil or check engine lamps lit", "change oil every few months", etc. 
@_date: 2014-12-09 03:35:58
For the umpteenth time, 100+ bitcoins were lost due to tons of users not only "blindly accepting" this morning's update, but also tripping over it's fairly narrow attack surface. The company found and admitted their error in 2.5 hours. Had the company acted with malign intent, it would have taken *way* longer than 2.5 hours for the remainder of the community to cotton on, especially if the attack surface were a lot sneakier: such as, spend a few weeks recording everybody's passwords prior to decrypting and emptying every affected wallet in one ten second theft-frenzy.
Heartbleed sat active in OpenSSL's codebase for over two years. [You think a clever coder can't hide a subtle password logger amidst their software]( for a fraction of that time before striking, especially when the users are putting forth zero effort to install your patch: simply browsing to the page for the freshest JS whether they care for that or not?
EDIT: added link
@_date: 2014-11-21 17:04:18
Fair point, after accounting for difference in time zone it must have been after 5pm when I was checking, yesterday.
I called (the number you offer matches the one on rmhc.org) and got Laurie, who did confirm this web address is correct.
Thus for me, all concerns are allayed and donation sended. :D
@_date: 2014-12-29 21:39:46
If meow, then milk and fish. Continue purr.
@_date: 2014-02-24 11:53:57
Your entire first paragraph makes no sense. Every time I hit the machine to buy bitcoin in structured amounts, I have them send the coin to a fresh address. Every time I hit the machine to sell in structured amounts, I just prep a large number of addresses each with the right amount (or more) in them to spend out of quickly.
Confirmation times are not self-limiting because there's not a thing tying the transactions together. If it takes 10-20 minutes to get a confirmation, I could have pushed 50 x $250 = $12.5K by the time the first one confirms, and virtually all of them are liable to confirm on the same block. One could argue that the amplified transaction fees or fear of borked transactions are self-limiting, but unfortunately money laundering already has high margins. Who cares if you bleed up to 10% of the money you stole in the first place, for example?


That's fine for catching purse snatchers at the ATM, however AML laws apply proactively to the operator. **If** a person can surpass the limits without having their identity recorded (such as Robocoin doesn't notice somebody on the webcam structuring payments, or they happen to lay their coat over that portion of the ATM, wear a [$10 DIY infrared LED hat]( etc) **then** their proceeds in the form of cash or bitcoin will have completely left the building, and there's no way to file an KYC report after the fact even if you wanted to. Now, **if** said perpetrator was an LEO sting operation, **then** ATM operators get the bottom bunk below Shrem.
@_date: 2014-08-09 00:58:29
The reason that "purchasing power" and "dollar value of BTC" are important distinctions to make is because fees + block rewards do not increase with exchange rate. When the value of BTC falls the value of mining falls commensurately.
Miners must pay electricity costs, and those costs *do not* drop when BTC purchasing power drops.
@_date: 2014-09-26 22:21:07
He is not inferring that the Bible is an accurate reflection of events from when it was written, only that the copies of the books of the Bible that we have today *are* an accurate reflection of what was actually written at the time and that modification is a very weak complaint for anybody to make in particular. It's attacking the wrong link in the chain.
@_date: 2014-07-20 02:13:36
Yeah, I'm sure being "outright false" is far less important to the unpopularity of his comment than "challenging le hivemind".
Try again.
@_date: 2014-07-24 01:00:01
Well their general info page is here:
I get the feeling you just use your coinbase login credentials for yourself, and if you go with the "multisign" service that it is *not* a bitcoin m-of-n sort of deal at all but instead just Coinbase will not release the funds owed to you until all of the coinbase users you select log in to do their business.
"What if some of the signers disappear/die/become antagonistic" is an excellent question, however, and probably worth asking their support directly. :3
@_date: 2014-10-12 11:47:50
[Found the post]( that gave rise to all of the initial hubbub. Feel relieved now, ty. :(
@_date: 2014-01-06 21:49:57


What I'm trying to ask you is whether you realize the same thing. Please stick to the core of the argument: do you or do you not recognize luck as an aspect of success? Does the one person who combined her skill with positive winds of fate owe anything to the other 99 people with the same skill who took the same 1/100 risk and did not fair so favorably?
Or do we just allow the 99 to starve to death at the fickle mercy of the fateful winner? Because I don't see 99 people choosing to continue voluntarily respecting the winner's "property rights" if doing so is suicide.
What I contend is that you view zero luck as a component to whatever success you may be enjoying today. You see yourself as a self-made person who owes nothing to their community save what you magnanimously choose to volunteer.
@_date: 2014-12-15 05:26:37
Why can't you decentralize a web of trust database though? What are the challenges? On an overengineered note, you can record everybody's subjective reputation appraisals on a blockchain, but I'm certain even that level of effort would not be required.
@_date: 2014-08-04 19:22:57
I did say *most* people. Even if we only considered the US, with 200mil adults, "most" would be at minimum 100mil adults. If they all paid roughly $5/mo you would be looking at $550k *every forty minutes*.
Keeping that in mind, I think that *even fewer* computer- and financially-illiterate people give a damn about full reserve banking than they do about infosec.
On a final note, does anything about the $5/mo fee you pay Xapo increase the likelihood you will get any of your deposits back in case they go bankrupt? Compare that with how frequently depositors have to fight to get their funds back from a traditional fractional reserve bank.
@_date: 2014-10-17 19:20:26
The two reasons your characterization is false.
1\. "cost per txn" is the amount we literally pay the miners in stipend + txn fees divided by the number of transactions per time period. This is utterly disconnected from "electricity cost". Most of it is miner profit plus amortized hardware cost and space rental. Most mining itself takes place near data centers where they get to consume waste energy contracted by the data center that they wind up not being able to consume.
2\. Whether you buy the coffee or not has no bearing on whether the mining effort gets consumed or not.
Compare with the city subsidizing a public transport system. Get on the bus, don't get on the bus. The bus will still travel the same route and eat the same fuel.
Thus, you *save* fuel in relative terms when you step on that bus, because now you get transport at no added cost compared to avoiding the bus. The fuller the bus, the lower the cost-per-passenger gets until there are X people in a bus consuming magnitudes less fuel than X people in cars would have.
@_date: 2014-09-27 10:15:29
As long as the transaction volume is high enough in the next 50 years or so when that matters, of course there will be enough fees to spread around. If it's not then the experiment would have already failed.
@_date: 2014-01-26 19:19:04
Put two carriage returns after the phrase "two goals:" in order to fix dat formatting. :3
@_date: 2014-09-10 23:53:24
I've read through it and I do not see that part.
@_date: 2014-10-20 19:28:23


You mean like Nye vs Ham? 
As I've already stated, if Dogers know how to access parts of the internet beyond Facebook and either download an application or sign up for an Ewallet service then they are far above the true average. Just discussing people on Reddit already demonstrates an amazing confirmation bias because they have to be computer literate enough to even get here, beyond just being *literate at all* to post a comment.
Excising the low-measuring parts of any population before taking your sample is guaranteed to skew any measurements of what "average" is.
The only statistic I really need to demonstrate the issue is that this country voted George W Bush into office in 2000, and then after WTC, humiliating bullshit in both Iraq and Afghanistan, authorized torture in Guantanimo Bay, erasing all of the balanced budget work that Clinton did, the beginning of the first economic downturn since the 90's boom, and the worst foreign policy track record any country has seen out of the US in over a hundred years *over half of our population voted him right back in again!*
@_date: 2014-09-17 22:44:01
I think the reason they are trusting GreenAddress is because that's how they are hosting their receipt wallet as well, so "instant confirmation" is just a service that wallet provides to the rock and not necessarily a trust protocol between otherwise unrelated bitcoin operators.
@_date: 2014-02-08 01:25:16
Alternately, the police didn't tell these guys jack but it's fun PR to put into a police report that they'll never have to prove in court given that the defendants will burn on the fiercely unpopular money laundering statutes alone.
@_date: 2014-02-05 21:40:58
I think that either instead of, or in addition to the interstitial splash screen for gathering entropy, you can just have a sidebar module recording bits in a mouse/keyboard-driven entropy pool. I do something like this for my [client-side passphrase picker]( :3
That way people can be reading about the service, how to use it and/or what it's for etc while still lazily generating entropy instead of feeling caged.
Just a thought. :D
@_date: 2014-07-01 18:14:46
Curious. I basically stepped down as mod after disagreeing with and advocating that this class of trolls and noise should be dispensed with. His position was "If a comment is not explicitly spam then it is sacred". :/
@_date: 2014-08-29 19:40:33


Worms, DNS poisoning and Heartbleed mean that nobody *has* to be unusually determined in order to automate an attack like this against potentially millions of targets. Furthermore, credit card information is valuable beyond simple purchases, they help to escalate identity theft against the customer which can be used to farm each one for thousands of dollars they haven't even made yet, and which is a lot more difficult and time consuming than "cancel card, get a refund" to rectify.
That said, specific vectors like worms, DNS poisoning and Heartbleed would not be effective at compromising 2 factor authentication (which even CC companies could use if they didn't profit so much from allowing fraud already), multisignature wallets or hardware wallets like trezor. Each of those arbitrarily chosen Bitcoin payment options have their own distinct attack surfaces that I am not aware of any lazy method to target even if millions of users were already relying upon them.
@_date: 2014-08-07 01:24:12


In this case you are not being paid for (so called) *hourly labor* that you contract to a third party per minute, which was the topic of this discussion.
The faucet you create *is* a machine, and it's performance *is* being assessed per minute (or short time interval) to ensure matching payout. Of course you invoke your sovereign human right to collect all payout, but are not the one making the per-minute decisions.
But as I can attest from my mining days, one minute of hardware or software malfunction is one minute lost revenue so you're *damned* sure I write a monitoring script to warn me the second output shows unnatural signs of flagging.
@_date: 2014-02-24 11:39:41
A&gt; If there is no identification then what good are the withdrawal limits? As long as a human being is recognizing your face and treating you differently for trying to structure multiple payments, they are using biometric data (your face) to uniquely identify you.
B&gt; What country are you in? While I've never exchanged foreign currencies myself, I can't buy a $20 bar of silver at the coin shop without ID and signature.
@_date: 2014-09-30 23:08:25
Trezor is a one-time cost and you are forgetting to amortize it. How much does a safe for your home valuables cost?
Most people are going to use it to secure a bare minimum of $1kusd (at today's exchange rate, which could *become* $100k after a short period if all goes well :P) and assuming the exchange rate remains fairly even, if you want to protect about that balance (say you spend from it and refill it regularly) for ten years the that works out to $0.83c per month.
You're paying that much on transaction fees already if you do just one Bitcoin transfer per day. Hell, according to my math I'm paying (through vendor's increased fees) over $1/day just using credit cards for ordinary purchases (3.5% of my gross expenditures like groceries, dining, gas, etc).
I agree that $100usd is a little bit steep for one of these doodads, which is why I don't have one but as it comes down past the $50 mark over time I'll probably grab one, yes. :3
@_date: 2014-12-22 14:34:42
I'unno, it seems like plenty of people bought a copy of Portal I and II no matter how sick everyone got of the "cake is a lie" bullshit. :J
@_date: 2014-06-11 23:52:53
It indicates a bit of instinctive understanding about the social role of money.
"Did I earn this? Does this belong to somebody, and I am somehow incentivizing theft or exploitation? Am I about to get pranked on camera? Is it counterfeit money?" etc.
@_date: 2014-02-20 01:26:32


It's the end result of Competition. Competing businesses undergo an arms race of increased efficiency and decreased profit margins and only those who can stand the heat remain.
Escrow, as a fixed cost acts like insurance. You pay a small, predictable amount per txn so that you aren't left paying big, unpredictable amounts when you get hit over the head by buyer fraud.


It's no less easily automated than credit card buyer protection. Buyer pays the escrow, who notifies the merchant behind the scenes that payment is secure. Buyer receives item and releases funds. Is Ebay's feedback system also some kind of monumental inconvenience?
It *is* childish, however, to whinge about the "huge hassle" of being accountable for your own money instead of just dumping that responsibility onto merchants and card issuers. Just [spray your banking details into the wind]( with every transaction comfortable in the knowledge that any money ever stolen from you will be recouped by some nameless merchant you don't give a shit about because you're too busy cussing out newbs on xbox live.


That, however, is the difference between having the traction to fight the chargeback and having no traction at all. Possession is 9/10's of the law, no less so on chargebacks. To whit: once your money is successfully clawed out of your account by the chargeback action (all debit chargebacks, any credit card chargeback once you've paid the premium, most Paypal chargebacks when you had the balance handy compared to having no balance) your capacity to dispute is also toast. Only so long as you have a valid billing dispute with the issuer resulting from the chargeback, are they legally required to honor your requests.
Then of course once *you can make them listen*, and once you demonstrate the chargeback was in error all related fees are (or should be) removed as well as your funds replaced.


So when merchants can be defrauded, you say that the system works perfectly because they can get a lawyer. When buyers can be defrauded, you say that the system is broken and the merchants should be defrauded instead.
I cannot have a discussion with you if you accept no further givens than "I'm the consumer, suck my cock." It is precisely that solipsism that leads me to label your colorful, plastic magnet cards as childish.
@_date: 2014-06-12 00:07:06
Why, who is the merchant?
If you can steal credit card numbers then I'm pretty sure you can fake an identity just as easily. Especially when it only takes one identity to clear hundreds or thousands of fake cards in this manner.
@_date: 2014-02-08 01:28:22
How precisely *does* BTC cross state lines though? It has no geographic presence.
@_date: 2014-12-20 09:35:11
I'm up to 22,757 high density floppy disks about now, or nearly 7½ single-sided DVD's.
@_date: 2014-01-24 20:51:50
I will gladly pay you today for a jelly doughnut on Tuesday.
Er, wait. What? I don't like Jelly Doughnuts! xD
@_date: 2014-07-06 16:51:53
Create new address labeled "buying BTC"
Send BTC to my new address
Voila, new address fills with BTC as if by magic!
Low fees too, only 0.0001BTC or so.. or possibly free if I'm in no hurry. :9
@_date: 2014-12-22 12:57:55


You do not keep Paypal on a regular computer. You access Paypal's website (hosted in various corporate-grade-security datacenters) from your throwaway computer, and try to prove to Paypal A&gt; Who you are, by password or 2FA if they even support that yet, and B&gt; that you are really authorized to send or receive these funds you say you are trying to move.
But the answer to "Why can't you store Bitcoin on a regular computer, even if that's not really what happens with Paypal?" is "because regular computers (hardware and software stacks, but mostly the software) combined with a regular user's computer literacy (hehe nobody will guess my dog's name is really my password to everything online!) are as easy to wrest control over remotely as taking candy from babies".
And this largely stems from "people do not yet sufficiently value security or privacy in their digital products or procedures enough to either pay a premium for or do more physically about it". If they did we would have a little better political resistance to the US government anally pleasuring itself with our fourth amendment than we currently do, and FOSS operating systems would make more money to release secure software than Windows currently does to treat users like infants.
@_date: 2014-03-14 19:11:01


I'm curious how? Your bitcoin *holdings* are denominated in BTC, because that defines literally what you have. For the past 5 years that has outperformed every other holding known to man over measurement periods longer than a few months.
So borrow from other people denominated in the currency you'll do most of your accounting in (for much of the world that's USD) just because you get to choose, so choose the denomination least volatile in comparison to your transactions.
I wouldn't borrow denominated in Yen here in the US for similar reasons, but that doesn't undermine Yen as a currency.
People trading $Xusd worth of Bitcoin for an item doesn't mean that it's not the bitcoin changing hands to get the item, so Bitcoin is still the currency in that transaction.
@_date: 2014-06-11 23:55:28
But without a proper understanding of Bitcoin it might as well be "$10 worth of stock in my exciting new high risk company".
At the end of the day, it's not clear to them what *your* motive to give them $10 legitimate dollars of value is unless you're somehow getting something out of it yourself. You're indistinguishable from an Amway guy or a Timeshare or Vacuum Cleaner salesman at this point. "I'm literally *giving* you $10 worth of money-saving coupons to buy my product!" lols ;3
@_date: 2014-03-25 22:48:53
[confirms the address is correct]( though. So that's not the trouble. :3
@_date: 2014-12-29 22:20:14
[I just happened to be swimming this way, while I was contemplating the world!](
@_date: 2014-08-05 09:53:20


Right, which means nothing from an inflationary perspective unless they also denominate their prices and wages in BTC. You say USD has fallen compared to BTC? I say every commodity you buy or sell has fallen just as much compared to BTC.
In 2009 you could buy $40 worth of pizza for 10kBTC. That's about 2-3 hours of skilled labor, too. Would you pay anybody 10kBTC today for 2-3 hours skilled labor or for two large pies with anchovies?
Let me put it this way: The USD has fallen 97% compared to Gold since 1970, yet the world is not secretly monetizing gold behind the scenes. Gold certificates — with some moderate artificial friction that mean nothing to the wealthy — can be traded electronically just as easily as USD can, but nobody demands a gold cert in preference to USD for payment and *absolutely* nobody (outside of micro-scale ancap hipster shops) denominates their goods in gold by weight.
Until or unless Bitcoin evinces less volatility compared to physical goods and services than USD evinces over time, we are going to continue denominating in a slowly inflating currency for lack of better alternative.
And the country that controls currency denomination on top of sticky wages retains free reign to sap the purchasing power of the people. Our culture would see accurate-to-the-minute BTC/USD exchange rate used to cut paychecks, with pay sticky to the USD amount, before it could ever work out a BTC/hour exchange rate as the latter is not fungible.
@_date: 2014-07-23 23:02:15
Everything *has* negative consequences. The formula being discussed here is whether or not negative *net results* are unavoidable in certain given situations.
@_date: 2014-03-25 20:24:34
They owe taxes on $1200 per BTC income, but then can claim capital loss on any BTC they panic sell which offsets that income tax.
EG: $1200/unit income followed by $600/unit loss leaves you with approximately the same tax liability as $600/unit income to begin with would have.
@_date: 2014-03-05 18:17:55


Perhaps, if there's any value to these arguments at all, it's that our side gets your side to admit how shaky BTC-e is in every thread without us even having to remember bringing them up.
Perhaps BTC-e will never fail, if so you and I might have missed out on some really insignificant marginal benefits we might have gotten by utilizing their service. But they probably will, and when that happens we'll have dodged another bullet and we'll get a fresh round of people screaming at us just because we hold the line of asking people not to bet on 3-legged horses, and especially asking them not to impugn Bitcoin at large simply for allowing you sufficient flexibility to shoot yourself in the foot should you chose to aim at your foot and then pull trigger in that order.
@_date: 2014-08-06 05:47:03
I don't know if you require reading comprehension or just the ability to consider multiple subjunct conditionals at the same time (probably the latter, 75%+ of human beings seem to have a blind spot here): but I will try to go slower for you.
Question: if you ignore jurisdiction, did they violate Fincen's regulations?
Answer: Yes.
Question: Thus, if another organization similar to MtGox "tries this type of thing in the future, in the US" would *they* be violating Fincen's regulations?
Answer: Yes.
Question: Thusly, do the NYS regulations bring anything new or valuable to the table?
Answer: No, they are attempting to criminalize something that is already a crime in a manner sufficiently heavyhanded as to throw entire orphanages out with the bathwater.
@_date: 2014-07-24 08:18:15


I certainly agree with that conclusion, but in my experience the "until you're not" often has a lot of red flags that proceed it. Mt Gox, for example stopped allowing USD withdrawals like half a year before it imploded. :P
On the other hand, keeping a not-too-stuffed hot wallet on a service like coinbase isn't too bad on your nerves for amounts you really could survive losing. BCI does make a great watch-only wallet for personally managed cold storage, as well. Excellent choice. :3
@_date: 2014-07-14 19:36:33
Incorrect. In a hard fork, if some portion of the users follow a completely distinct set of rules compared to the other, then it doesn't matter how much mining power is on each end of the fork. Each camp views the others' fork as *de facto* invalid, regardless of mining power or chain length.
@_date: 2014-10-06 08:32:57


Right, but as the unit price lowers so does the market cap.
Let's say BTC drops to an exchange rate of $0.01usd/BTC again. How on God's green earth are you going to *use* it then? Do you expect anybody to keep mining it if that happens? Do you expect Coinbase and Bitpay to keep a 15 minute lock on a price for any given merchant when anyone who lives in a trailer house could whale the price up or down by 99% within that time frame for laughs?
The more companies there are who need to use bitcoin for more real world applications, the larger the market cap needs to grow to accommodate them all. To help to resist volatility by ensuring that every transaction does not upset the price, to keep the miners compensated to secure the ledger since they are explicitly paid in bitcoin to cover costs metered in fiat, and to support individual transactions which might otherwise outweigh the market cap.
International banks currently settle their debts in Gold. Tomorrow perhaps they will use the much easier to transport Bitcoin, but that would require a market cap rivaling that of gold.
@_date: 2014-01-05 06:08:39
$9/mo, and it's possible they were initially using it infrequently enough that it didn't make sense at the time.
Alternately, perhaps they are unbanked so using anything *but* bitcoin to pay them would be too much of a hassle. :P
@_date: 2014-02-04 01:35:33


To be fair, they don't mean stability for 6 weeks, they mean stability or predictable decline (against the strategically manipulated CPI) for 2-3 generations.
But I don't care, I'd prefer that people with their heads up their collective asses leave all the cheap coin to me. :P
@_date: 2014-11-21 00:23:43
Yeah, I read it and I'm not seeing how it relates to anything else in the discussion. Do you *have* any information on the security of VoS's server/db/infrastructure, aside from email support's brilliant assessment of "it is not an issue and our site is secure"?
If company does not re-display your sensitive data, then we have no proof if they burnt after reading, or store that data on an air-gapped system, or what.. but the possibility that they are Doing The Right Thing™ is at least nonzero. Once they display this data on a server (and who knows if they are even proof against XSS, CSRF or SQL injection attacks?!) it is instantly clarified that they are *not* handling your data properly, no matter how secure *they* assess their own servers to be.
It's on par with looking over the counter at a fast food restaraunt and seeing the grill staff flinging meat patties at one another like frisbies: safe food handling practices are obviously *not* being met and "but our raw meat doesn't have any pathogens in it!" [is basically an outright lie](
@_date: 2014-02-06 01:01:06
[Already posted yesterday]( though. :(
@_date: 2014-12-02 00:15:28
When you've gone through Coinbase' verification hoops you can buy instantly. On Circle you can also buy instantly with less or no hoops.
@_date: 2014-08-29 01:12:01


I'unno, looks like some kind of German IP address swipped to Intergenia Technik tho, according to Rwhois.
@_date: 2014-12-14 09:33:58
A Web of Trust database? It's where people each have a keyring and they assign trust to one another so that you can estimate the trustworthiness of another person based on how many hops they are from you in the trust relationships. EG: if my friend X trusts them, who is a good judge of character, then I'll trust them at least moderately more than I would an arbitrary stranger and a lot more than anybody with a conflict of interest. ;3
@_date: 2014-08-28 22:53:20
That or selling a short term therapy to a terminal illness since outright cures kill profit potential. ;3
@_date: 2014-03-25 23:36:56
 ftw
Disclosure: person who runs this site used to be user SteamGames on Bitmit before Bitmit shut down, I've bought a good half dozen titles through him on Bitmit and one or two since the new site. Thumbs up. :B
@_date: 2014-12-09 01:12:48
Every bank was a "bank" in 2008, and the US government had to bail them all out to the tune of 1.5 trillion dollars.
The Cyprus event mentioned as similar, when *every* bank in the country of Cyrpus got bailed out by the ECB.
@_date: 2014-02-23 15:14:36


If it reminds people how limiting our laws are, I would rate that as a good thing.
If they just blindly assume it's Bitcoin's fault, then those people are too uneducated to be trusted using Bitcoin anyway. If those people got any deeper in then they'd probably get scammed or get their wallet stolen and be left even angrier.
As time goes on — unless we can change the laws — The United States Government is going to do everything they can to gain the capacity to track every exchange of Bitcoin for USD through commercial services. They are going to arrest any commercial exchange provider who refuses to be deputized into this tracking. Whinging about Robocoin choosing to play by those rules, or about what image this leaves the common man with, is irrelevant.
@_date: 2014-12-12 23:33:38
That'll get a lot easier once Google, Apple, Facebook and Steam all start to accept payments in Bitcoin. x3
ETA: I'unno. April or something.
@_date: 2014-11-22 14:08:40
He is trying: he is analyzing and illustrating what this product does for those who have zero intel on the matter.
And apparently, one of the major things that it does is train pathogens to be resistant to what might have been powerful detection techniques *were they combined into a somewhat larger and more comprehensive suite* instead of released piecemeal like a god damned bug-training course.
Small-step measures to fight pathogens *can cause more harm* than doing nothing at all in special circumstances, this being one of them. Compare with TB patients who fail to stick with their antibacterial schedules and thus instead of eradicating the TB wind up breeding anti-bacterial resistant strains.
@_date: 2014-12-09 21:24:49
Failure due to technological issues holds the promise of a potential technological solution. What kind of solution is promised when failure is due to the greed and shortsightedness of the very powerful further amplifying their stranglehold over the lower classes?
@_date: 2014-01-05 06:00:51
I think what means is that "what happens when a miner uses up all 2^32 values for a nonce (eg, processing 4.3Ghash in a blink of an eye without any other bits of the header having an excuse to change yet)
That is a very mining-specific question, sure, but whatever workaround miners get into the habit of using to store greater entropy may have otherwise challenging-to-predict effects on our parsing efforts, too. :J
@_date: 2014-01-10 23:27:30
Their concept of deflationary is "wise people never buy it knowing it's unstable, fools buy it and plan to never spend it (but wind up panic-spending in nosedives, losing their shirts) thinking it will go to the moon for no other reason than scarcity. In truth, it's value only reflects the number of fools bought in at any one time".
I think the above is a fine example of a sheer hoarder's market. If people hoard a commodity with no use value at all such as plug nickels, and for no reason other than "everybody else is" and "I can unload it on a bigger fool to make profit when the time is ripe" then the above scenario will play out.
Bitcoin is not such a commodity, however. It can be bought, used, and sold again at the same or even slightly lower price point and still profit the transactor by way of offering them a trust-free value transfer mechanism with properties (low transaction cost, zero participation cost, zero in-band authentication required, censorship-proof, seize-proof, etc) no other mechanism can really match.
As a result, hoarding or expecting unit price to go lunar reflects more than myopic hope to "unload onto a new sucker" and instead reflects real promise that present day value reflects present day underexposure and that the commodity-currency's unit value will in fact grow many more orders of magnitude still as it really comes of it's own and hits its stride. It will not raise in value forever, but it does have room for a few more decimal places yet before it is mature. :P
@_date: 2014-09-27 10:18:51
Not using Bitcoin. Open new account, deposit $10 allowance, wait a month [and then this happens](
I don't know how you math, but $10 - $15 &lt; $10 - $3, but you know whatever. :J
@_date: 2014-06-07 08:25:32
I kind of [want to draw anime eyes on it now](:O
@_date: 2014-07-28 07:00:32
But who are you getting your block headers from if not full nodes that are themselves picky and won't pass you ones they view as invalid?
@_date: 2014-08-28 22:50:24


Woops, I don't know if these companies wholesale anything from Dell or not but.. if they do, they very well *can* respend bitcoin in that direction today. :P
In any event, I'm excited for more Bitcoin at the wholesale level, and this is precisely why. ;3
@_date: 2014-01-31 03:25:26


The problem that Bitcoin solves is value transfer without a counterparty. You're saying that Bitcoin will only realize high transaction value by losing the only aspect that makes it valuable?
While I agree that off-chain transactions will be very popular and common, I do not agree that the blockchain will be left in the dust in the process. As soon as counterparty-free commerce requires more transactions per second than it presently delivers, the protocol will relax. Besides, Moore's law supports this process. It gets at least twice as cheap to support the same TPS with this system per year.
@_date: 2014-12-15 08:56:01
Yep, I read it and find this:


In other words, this author conflates the terms and by "anonymity" they mean they are satisfied to attain "pseudonymity", which is what I was advocating to begin with. :3
@_date: 2014-02-10 06:35:21
Sounds rather passive, to me. You don't think proprieters wish to know what forces are turning away their business?
I walk in and I see a cockroach, you think it's more polite I just whisk away silently or I tactfully let them know what's set me off the menu, so that they can correct the problem?
@_date: 2014-02-11 06:09:13
Newp. One simple website interface that tracks this and other statistics for you: 
@_date: 2014-05-04 16:04:49


From a consumer standpoint, this gives a simple emergency escape valve if they are concerned that their bitcoin balances are growing too large, and don't need to buy anything offered by bitcoin purists at that moment.
From a merchant perspective, they continue to lose out on a majority of bitcoin-holder's business because only a fraction of customers are in the mood to pay the customer half of those fees, let alone the merchant half. 
Whatever merchant can notice the untapped demand and wishes to dip into it, can still accept bitcoin natively — or through a low impact fiat processor such as Coinbase or Bitpay — and lower their fee burdens while inviting those with Bitcoin balances in.
Finally, bitcoin debit processors that charge up to 2% would still be cheaper than prepaid debit cards for the unbanked, as one off the cuff example. Especially if they are able to hold both BTC and USD balances for you so that you do not have to expose yourself to more currency fluctuation risk than you desire.
It is a gateway drug to using Bitcoin the way it was initially intended.
@_date: 2014-12-14 04:35:41
Then why isn't it titled as such? This at least represents one step closer to what it says on the tin actually matching what's inside.
@_date: 2014-11-29 22:55:08
Same here, so let's find a third and each pay 66% or summat? :3
@_date: 2014-10-21 20:06:57
So you can't truly understand *Bitcoin* until you understand every possible audience you might ever have to describe it to well enough to teach them, *including* every audience who will *never* understand it, such as sea slugs, toaster ovens and average human beings?
@_date: 2014-08-18 13:28:49
It matters to anyone out there who might have hoped to view the btc received by the one address as a demonstration of total btc received thus far. ;3
@_date: 2014-07-21 23:57:08
This needs more upvotes. BIP70 isn't supported everywhere else just yet, but as people begin to worry about malware screwing with their addresses they will feel safer having their hardware wallet pay to a *cryptographically signed* invoice that no local malware could ever forge.
@_date: 2014-11-23 13:13:50
I get the impression that Luke Jr. probably knows Greg a little bit better than you do?
@_date: 2014-03-05 17:55:42
Meh. Better than "semi-hot wallet" is you run a simple, hardened, heavily firewalled server with no responsibilities other than managing the hot wallet and following signed directions from the cloud-hosted website.
Your site may see a jillion hits per day, but your hot wallet is liable not to have to spend out (primarily customer withdrawals) more than a few hundred times per day, meaning that hardened component would have only very mild needs to scale with customer base.
@_date: 2014-01-23 00:11:56
Yeah, you're making sure the poison well actually tastes foul. And you're sacrificing the same loss percent in your own profits just to force everyone else to eat that loss percent.
All in all, this would amplify your voice while silently switching pools would not. This influences non-ideologial profit-motive-seekers to leave in your stead and in magnified numbers; and they don't even have to put more thought into it than "man, this pool sure underperforms now. Buh-bye!"
@_date: 2014-12-08 23:05:36
I'd like the wallet to be available and synchronized on all of my PCs and my android phone. Electrum has no app in the Google Play store (though they do have [an entire software stack the ask you to install]( to back up their collection of python scripts?) and I've really never heard of Breadwallet before.
I am honestly asking to ascertain the best alternative options. I've used BC.i as a small change hotwallet for awhile now but I will try something else if it's both more secure and not less convenient to actually use in day to day transactions.
Edit: I'm backing off from my attempt at Electrum on Android since side-stepping marketplace and installing full-featured scripting language drowns the privilege selection mechanism. Instead of scripts run through the stack each owning up to their privileges, you have to give the stack unlimited privilege which any script run through it magically retains.
@_date: 2014-08-06 19:19:05
Fincen regulation "would have prevented something like MtGox". For example, that's why their American bank accounts got closed.
Can you name any bitcoin-related boondoggle that Fincen regs would have allowed? (eg, to demonstrate a "slightest impact upon crime" I'd already inquired after)
Also, can you give any concrete examples of businesses in other industries already beholden to the exact "Mandated security, security audits, financial audit" requirements that would come with a bitlicence? Because I'm not personally aware of *any* other industry that requires bi-monthly rectal exams to all friends, family and facebook contacts of every single customer *outside of bitlicence jurisdiction* who does $1usd worth of business with you.
I'm thinking of a phrase that begins with "Regulatory" and ends with "Capture" that you might find challenging to guess if you enjoy puzzles for dessert.
@_date: 2014-04-03 01:26:37
@_date: 2014-11-30 07:36:00
Ah, that's good to know. How do they seed instead, now? :3
@_date: 2014-07-29 22:40:12
You are bitching directly at a user who offered citations about how many billions.. *capital B* of people who demonstrate a priority different than you seem to think is so obvious to your sophomoric first world experiences.
Clean water, plumbing, and electricity *delivered directly to your god damned house* are less important than data connectivity to every day life because clean water and electricity can be obtained from shared locations (travel to the village well with a bucket, charge your phone each time you come into town) and data connectivity *helps far flung individuals and families coordinate their efforts* in every other area of life.
Wireless can reach you wherever you are, where plumbing and wires are expensive to lay to your feet and/or if you are nomadic so plumbing and wires cannot follow you at all.
My source: I run a wireless ISP and ~200 of my 1400 customers (eg, 15%) live off of the grid by choice *in the united states!* They have zero plumbing. They all get clean water from common wells or bottled in town. Many have solar electricity, some run gas generators only when they need it and some only swap batteries in town. Many of these people use their electicity for no purpose *other* than to run their laptops and my wireless internet radios a handful of times per week.
Paying for data and the equipment to run it is far, far more popular worldwide than paying to have water, plumbing and electricity delivered directly to your doorstep like some duty-as-a-consumer Norman Rockwell painting.
@_date: 2014-07-09 18:58:01
It's not desirable for *you*, and nobody in this thread is trying to traffic you so calm the hell down.


Among other things I would rate this to a majority of children having a different view of sex than adults do. Children get the jibblies thinking about cooties, adults desire to get laid.
So if you're already going to go out to get laid, and the people available to you are so desperate themselves that they will pay for your magic touch, then aside from dangers and illegalities it is a no brainer that you should get paid to do what you enjoy.
@_date: 2014-09-27 10:51:29
OTOH readability approaches zero quite rapidly, and "percentage of times it's right per day" never gets any better. ;3
@_date: 2014-09-17 21:51:44
I think his point is that credit card companies are corrupt and directly profit off of fraud against merchants, and that by boycotting establishments who choose to resist this corruption you are financially subsidizing it. Anyway, "If they can't throw money into the fire over fraud then they probably use crap ingredients too" could be used to excuse any excess. "If they aren't in bed with the mafia / if the owner isn't a member at my country club / if they can't even afford one measly Superbowl ad". It doesn't take razor thin margins to recognize a shakedown, especially if it doesn't mean anything to your regulars.
@_date: 2014-01-28 00:05:53
Ongoing keyword search over the database of every human conversation ever held. It's a practice that a generation ago was called "illegal wire-tapping" but the name had to be changed to remove the term "illegal" once the tapping of physical wires stopped being necessary.
@_date: 2014-05-12 21:13:33
Checks your comment history.
Step one to encouraging people to take seriously what you do: try outputting at least as much positive commentary as negative about what is important to you.
Otherwise people get the impression that you don't spend your time in our sub doing anything but dumping excrement out the window at us.
@_date: 2014-01-23 01:45:24
[It is known](
Seriously though, I see variants of this phrase crop up often enough that I'm tempted to write a bot. ;3
@_date: 2014-09-30 00:55:51
Your mom's a money laundering scheme
@_date: 2014-08-27 00:40:45
The blog wields the brand recognition of the exchange, thus speaking on it's behalf all the same.
@_date: 2014-09-16 22:06:56
Merchants accepting Bitcoin and then insta-selling is still light years superior to merchant's not accepting Bitcoin a all. Among other things, it means that one day down the road when somebody in management says "Hey, we need some bitcoin in order to .. (invest / pay this intl wholesaler / pay this employee requesting it / etc), where do we get those? Somebody else just goes "oh, let me just disable the auto-selling of the ones people are already shoveling in our direction. Hmm.."
@_date: 2014-07-16 22:32:02
Stolen credit cards are still buyer fraud, though. When the buyer says "I never made that purchase", it is normally because "somebody else must have used my card somehow" or "it got stole'd". Now either the cardholder is lying or they aren't.. from VISA/Merchant's perspective it's an identical loss against the merchant every time.
Alternately, every time you shop at a sketchy site using a credit card, you *are giving your card number to them*. That's one of the selling points for Paypal, they act as an intermediary and charge accordingly for the privilege.
But once you're using an intermediary like paypal it's no longer the Credit Card offering you your protection. So why not use a different intermediary like a Bitcoin Escrow service, *and* soak up that 10% discount to offset their fees?
@_date: 2014-01-23 01:12:13
I disagree. I think the reason the big pools get big is because they become a nash-equilibrium point of maximal profit and convenience to the end-user.
Nobody is going to take their ASIC miners to a small pool with a broken website, zero support, high variance, and dismal profit performance. They're going to follow the path beaten by the people who've come before them to the large, shiny, well funded and thus well appointed service with low variance and high profit performance. OP's attack means that playing field can conceivably be leveled a little bit more again.
Ideologically, miners have a non-profit motive to hurt pools that have grown to large for the sea. Pools hurting one another lacks the same incentive, since the attacking pool would have to sacrifice X% profit lost across the entire target pool's profit base just to perform the attack .. and people who leave the target pool will go everywhere, only a few coming back to the attacking pool. Since profit is their only motive they would net a loss, counter-indicating this attack for their motives.
@_date: 2014-09-01 21:36:57
It can be so long as the stack has been sufficiently shuffled (randomized!) beforehand. :D
@_date: 2014-10-19 01:19:38
Well there are a lot of scam gift codes out there, that third parties sell to consumers but they don't work (so consumer gets all uppity when cashier tries to tell them "lol, no"). Still more purchased on bad cc's that might not get charged back until after the consumer has claimed it, then it's not clear if the end-cashier gets docked for not following some byzantine procedure or not. 
@_date: 2014-12-30 21:30:32
At this rate he'll break 100 bits per comment by year's end. :D
@_date: 2014-01-10 23:48:18
Because verotel *also* does the credit card, echeck, whatever else legwork for you.
Some porn sites do accept bitcoin out of band. But do you want to convince every merchant separately or do you want to hit the middleman and bring everyone onboard in large batches? ;D
@_date: 2014-01-17 13:00:46
You got me, the money can't move unless it's in the form of a tip, yet then it could be stolen even though theft is not a form of a tip.  Trolololol!
@_date: 2014-08-06 03:20:22


Fincen published standards in Mar 2013 that he failed to meet. Do you really need the rest of the NY bullshit?
@_date: 2014-04-14 19:28:12
Alright. What care do you recommend, that you're concerned users might not be taking?
I got this URL from the banner on a running bitcoin-qt 0.9.0 app on Windows.
@_date: 2014-09-29 05:33:24
Smoke signals
Ya velcome :3
Fur realsies though, maintaining and perfecting the fastest and most reliable communications technologies available to us will basically always be priority number one in our civilization. It's the neural network of our existing superorganism. If your body was dying, would you prioritize keeping muscles or bones or spleen alive over the cortex? :P
@_date: 2014-11-30 01:28:43
Lol. A'ight, the whole __gate SJW thing is a real shitshow. x3
@_date: 2014-02-19 09:54:20


Look, be tokin' or be passin', bra.. :O
@_date: 2014-06-30 22:43:16
[All evidence to the contrary](
@_date: 2014-01-28 04:03:03


Yes, that's what I just said. It is only a function of liquidity and is not related to regulation.
@_date: 2014-01-26 19:14:27
But you don't have to buy it with fiat. When fiat becomes that unreliable, the answer is to use BTC in place of fiat.
Yeah, I know it's unknown and a lot of people have no experience with it. But when it's freely available, and everyone has the necessary tools (really the closest thing to an obstacle BTC has in these places) and it's clear there are no alternatives which hold value as well, then there's no convincing left to do.
Follow the same logic that's taken me this far in: Could BTC tank tomorrow? Sure, why not. Thus, let's get our value out of using it today and never keep more in it than we could afford to lose. You have no freaking idea how much profit that can net you even when your local fiat is close enough to functional to fool the average person (and I only have an idea because I just got done calculating my 2013 capital gains :P).
@_date: 2014-08-05 00:08:29


Well, what does an unsigned transaction even look like? I've only ever dealt with signed ones, which were presented as very long, unintelligible hex strings.
It's worse still if you automate this into a "just scan this QR code and let your wallet software handle the rest".


Firstly, I'm pretty sure that today's wallet software doesn't try to second guess what you ask it to sign. Some users short circuit their own wallets on purpose, be it for testing or exotic cold storage storage needs or whatever.
Secondly, you would be relying on your wallet to uniquely parse the thing you are asking it to sign such that it cannot somehow be harmful.  What if somebody figures out a clever way to make a transaction not quite look like a transaction at this step? What if evil MITM website A really wants to impersonate you on Website B that uses the same auth protocol, so it's not a transaction at all but random salt from Website B? etc, etc.
@_date: 2014-01-27 11:15:07


I didn't bring up TSA or border guards do to their popularity, that just happened to be two of the most recent examples in news articles relating to security personnel being arrested and I was unlucky enough to name them as such when describing security personnel *being* arrested. I'm afraid that illustration would have been more clear to you had I named Brink or somebody private, so I do apologize for the ambiguity.
My point was that corrupt security guards are brought to justice by the national security forces of police, not by market forces.
Additionally, your example of "If a private shop experiences theft then demand increases for security guards" simply underscores the problem of racketeering when "private security interests" such as the mafia are allowed too much latitude in the violence they can perpetrate unchallenged.
Are the mafia prevented from abusing their propensity for violence by the laws of supply and demand? Or do you imagine a stateless playing field where multiple mafia's somehow compete for customers and magically line up into checks and balances instead of the repeated historical pattern of bloody feudalism?
@_date: 2014-07-25 01:36:23


Are you arguing my side now, or yours? The result of "we didn't realize he was being serious and now people have died" is a little bit more 'bad' than people refusing to help the boy who cried wolf to move his money.
@_date: 2014-03-05 17:49:48
Able, but not often willing. VISA's primary pattern is "conflict between buyer and merchant? Buyer wins. Merchant has deep pockets and too important of a reputation to complain about their losses. Whew, that sure was a difficult decision I just made there lol!"
@_date: 2014-12-22 11:27:34
Well address re-use is discouraged for reasons besides R/K value issues.
1. It is true that not re-using an address, and completely emptying an address each time you use it (in addition to never signing unrelated things with your private key) will prevent any one private key from ever being used with more than one K value, so that's at least a reduced surface area of attack when you aren't 150% sure what the latest version of a given wallet software is up to.
2. Address re-use makes blockchain analysis to de-anonymize people a ton easier, so lots of people recommend against it on the strength of that.
3. Part of the planned protection against upcoming Quantum Algorithms is that, even though ECDSA itself is vulnerable to QA, the vulnerability requires the attacker knowing the full, un-hashed public key and that is not made known to people until the first time you invoke your private key to spend from an address. So every address once used will become vulnerable on the day QA becomes feasible, and every "single use" address will be guaranteed safe to the best of our current knowledge until their owners can lazily take their time to sweep funds into addresses representing the new QA-resistant signing algo we all upgrade to. ;3
@_date: 2014-10-20 19:14:47
While I appreciate your sympathy, every one of these people have IQs in the 95-110 range. Perhaps a lot of us have turned "surrounding ourselves with sufferably intelligent people" into an art form, but that can lead to severe confirmation bias as to how terrible "average" actually is in the broader population. :(
@_date: 2014-08-05 01:52:38
I am not saying that that is not the reason for monetary supply inflation, I am only repeating the allegation of prisoner's dilemma (or multilemma) so that I can hear your answer to that. Any country that chooses *not* to follow this strategy would be left weakened to invasion by those who do, moral or not.
@_date: 2014-01-30 03:04:49
Anonymous, instant service from a small business at an ATM is also way different from bank transfers into and out of an account where you yield your money to a third party for longer periods of time and submit identifying documentation, etc. So.. convenience fee. ;3
@_date: 2014-10-23 21:25:09
Oh go demonstrate how edgy you are by drinking some arsenic, then. I swear I won't "force my views" on it's toxicology over you by lifting a finger to stop you.
Either "'what is toxic' is totally arbitrary" or it is a matter of fact. You cannot have it both ways. If you want to say "a certain kind of speech is not toxic" then go for it. Ask for research demonstrating an LD50 if they push back. But do *not* work to further undermine the meaning of a perfectly serviceable word just because you disagree with some SJW's.
@_date: 2014-03-03 18:19:55


Yes, in fact. I mean besides a bunch of credentials that are irrelevant to evaluating a cryptographic technology. You're not trying to tell me his business acumen makes him a gourmet chef also, are you?
Bias isn't relevant when you know the facts (which if I'm not mistaken is even a re-wording of one of his quotes!), and it's not a stretch to imagine the anonymous investors of this internet forum have looked up the document and that a good percentage of us have the computer experience required to understand the unique mechanics of Bitcoin.
I would love to gain confirmation that he groks this also, because then it means we're debating on a level playing field. Until then, it is not clear that he has not mischaracterized the asset he's tried to offer advice about.
@_date: 2014-12-13 07:19:01
Lol, sorry I didn't have you tagged on my other computer so I almost thought you were a real person asking an honest question and interested in genuine discussion instead of flame baiting. Ah well, resolved now!
Incidentally, Xwindow over SSH through an interdomain VPN to alter RES settings on a laptop at work *that was powered down* is a butt ton easier than selling off some of my disposable bitcoin balance (1% loss) and waiting five days for the ACH to complete and then *make a god damned follow-up appointment* just so that I can push some paypal funds at Canonical (for another 3.5% loss, or actually they're in the UK, aren't they? Okay, 8% loss to convert to Pounds).
If they accept bitcoin, two clicks and a password and it's done. I see no loss and they see only 1%, and they get the Pounds that they want: no fiddling USD involved.
Then again, I'm also privileged to live in a moderately well finanically served country. [Did you know that Paypal blocks service to 60+ different countries?]( I'll bet there are people in every one of those places who would love to both use and support Ubuntu. Well, Ubuntu is just too damned snobby for that, too.
But then again, you probably think that anybody who has better things to do with their time than forum stalking and puking over anybody they can find must be damned elitist. I'll recommend a perspective check. I know you won't pay any attention to that today, but one day perhaps it will sink in. :3
@_date: 2014-07-06 17:29:15


When I'm not using my phone, I use a computer with a webcam and [Zbarcam]( to easily decode the QR. :3
@_date: 2014-07-14 19:32:44
This isn't accurate. In a hard fork as described here, where the *rules* are observed differently by some segment of the population compared to another, whoever follows each fork is perfectly capable of continuing to operate in their fork.
For example: If 140 PH of ASIC miners stay on the old fork but the core devs, 90% of the users and 90% of the *merchants* and exchanges evacuate for some new mining algo with enough new-class miners to keep their fork mined, then greater compute power on the ASIC fork doesn't do a thing to make that fork "better".
Each node may only recognize the longest chain post-fork, but only the longest chain *which follows the rules that node abides by* which for all new-style people would be the new hashing algo: They would view all blocks output by the ASIC's as invalid post-change.
@_date: 2014-12-19 03:24:22
Keep trying, tryhard troll. 
Also, I swear I hope you are being paid because just going through the insult motions every post has got to be so .. so *boring*. xD
@_date: 2014-03-03 11:06:47
*every* trade is both a buy and a sell. It is nothing but one person with fiat, and another with BTC changing hands. 
I think what means is that if this mapping site graphed lasting price moves (on exchanges with fully fluid deposits and withdrawals on both sides) instead of just volume then it would be more helpful.
@_date: 2014-11-29 23:17:23
1. Comment in 2. Try to pass off "XX is fading from relevancy, and has no way to go but down" as if it were some kind of gospel beyond any need to debate or discuss (oh yeah, [bonus points for the butthurt about being downvoted, btw!]( xD)
3. *totally* not a troll, lulz!
@_date: 2014-12-14 13:05:22
I'm curious how people can get that email every month if they don't give coinbase their email address? Signing up for coinbase requires nothing more than giving them your email address and configuring a password, which you would also need to do things like cancel subscriptions, wouldn't you?
@_date: 2014-10-21 18:37:36
If you are not measuring the adjective "simply" against the retention capabilities of the audience, then what are you measuring it against?
AFAICT the Bitcoin Whitepaper is plenty simple. I can rephrase a majority of the data that is in the whitepaper from memory in my own words. Is that "simply"? Because most people I know would get exasperated and ask me to speak English if I did that, regardless of the fact that I already was.
@_date: 2014-08-06 03:33:23


Any thought to the overhead of context switching, there?
The last place I worked that had a staff of larger than 8 had a 3 month paid training lead-in. Are you going to get one of those trainings every time you context switch to an employer you've never done business with before?
Could you even *remember* the training more than maybe 2 of such employers would require of you between context switches, without screwing them up?
All *I* know is it would suck to answer "Thank you for calling T-mobile, this is How can I help you?" to a customer calling for the local Ford dealership.
@_date: 2014-05-04 15:31:55
Then you carry on with your "force the most powerful people in the world to do your bidding" line of attack, while we work on solutions actually within our grasp such as building and perfecting tools like decentralized consensus and encryption that allow the disenfranchised a bargaining chip against the rent-seekers.
Time will be the referee, and since we're both working toward the same goal there should be no animosity between us either.
Go call your congressman, I've got code to write.
@_date: 2014-02-10 21:09:41
Keep in mind, on Wall St the receiving identifier is a busy "account number".
In Bitcoin, when you're following best practices (as an exchange receiving bitcoin deposits certainly should!) *every single receive address* should be utterly unique to the transaction in question.
For bitcoin withdrawals, you can use the confirmed transaction ID's of the unspent outputs, those are also *utterly* unique.
Sure, it's less than ideal that the "transaction id" isn't the unique thing you can always rely upon prior to 1-conf. But there are plenty of alternatives which are more reliable in the meantime.
@_date: 2014-09-16 22:08:55
People who ask this question would prefer they pay more of the bills using Bitcoin. :3
@_date: 2014-10-06 08:48:47
Mmm, let me try.
"Bitcoin is a commodity"
@_date: 2014-08-04 22:53:25
So how should users who rely on Coinbase Wallet handle this? How about Greenaddress or BCI? I don't think they do arbitrary signing, either.
Finally, what happens when an MITM attack asks you to sign a message that turns out to be a spend emptying your address?
In some auth schemes you might be able to rely on the user not signing in with a public key that has a balance associated with it, but some wallets (I'm looking at you, BCI!) might suddenly decide to use that address for change or for an inbound transaction, and if you've ever sent bitcoin to this service they might track down the change address and ask you to sign for *that* address instead. Users just copy the address and message into their client, and their funds get siphoned.
@_date: 2014-01-23 00:15:38
However, most of the other miners in the pool are optimizing profits, so if this pool gets, say 1% less profitable they will evacuate it in droves. The more that leave, the more effective your attack gets. If it takes any one attack-participating account 1 year on average to find a block, it will take at least that long for PPLNSG (or any) pool operator to determine that they are not playing fair.
Exactly zero miners would suffer enough income loss to choose between heat and food before they simply hop to another pool, so this attack remains equally effective at reducing the size of targeted pool.
@_date: 2014-08-06 03:37:56
I dunno. Are you suggesting that in addition to *getting* paid by the minute, you would *pay* all of your bills and rent the same way?
Would I get $50 late fees and eviction notices for being 13.7 seconds behind on my minutely rent payment, or else how would such a system deal with underpayers?
My pay fluctuates as I work, since I'm hourly. My rent doesn't fluctuate. I can make up lost time over a month so that my finances aren't bent out of place, but I don't think I can do that *down to the minute*. :P
Come to work 5 minutes late, and I'm evicted from my home for underpayment before my first smoke break. [Where do I sign up]( xD
@_date: 2014-01-06 02:56:53
1. My employer could not direct deposit USD into my bank account until I changed banks to the same one that they use. Their bank refused to do it, saying we needed to find an ACH clearing house that would. The 3 ACH clearing houses we spoke of said that they couldn't do anything and that it's the bank's responsibility to initiate direct deposits. So, I started having part of my wages deposited in Bitcoin because they *could* do that, prior to running into trouble at my bank and switching eventually to theirs anyway.
1. My bank card can't pay individuals without the aid of Paypal (no more nor less a middleman than coinbase) which charges about 4 times as much in fees to boot.
1. Make a record of taxable action? Just download your coinbase transaction history for the applicable period when you file your taxes. Get a tax break if you lost money on Bitcoin, and share some of the wealth with the IRS if you made gains. I mean, are you seriously citing "having to pay taxes on it" as a reason to avoid earning income in the form of gains? :O
At the end of the day, what you consider easy and what you consider hard is a function of your perspective and what actions you enjoy and what you detest. I enjoy having control over my finances. Sending money to someone without exposing myself to financial identity theft because now somebody knows my CCnumber, or have the bank cancel my transaction and complicate everything just because they can't tell if somebody else is just abusing my CCnumber. I enjoy being able to receive $10kusd without [my bank freezing the account for a month](
It's the same reason I find PC's easier to use than iCrap. That "just do what I want" button only just does what you want when you lower your expectations until you don't really want anything any more and just pledge to be satisfied by whatever you are given.
@_date: 2014-01-26 19:17:57
Meh, the crowds don't have to be the first to learn. We just need the entrepreneurs, service providers, remitters, and wholesalers to wise up. Retailers and consumers are free to follow after on their own damned schedule, and possibly only in a candy-coated way as their broker/remitter/credit union/merchant processor does all the heavy lifting for them.
@_date: 2014-05-21 21:39:30


What if people work on a variety of P2Pool chains?
If P2Pool has scalability issues then people are incentivized to select an active P2Pool chain which is under the scale that would become inconvenient to them.
@_date: 2014-08-06 02:44:15
No, I already know the story is bogus. But I also know you lot would love to trawl newbs who don't know any better into posting personal information of some poor schlub they wind up finding in a google search while looking up the bogus cover story, too.
Basically, you either take the forum rules seriously or you fan the flames for lulz. But egging others on to break the rules is going to get you ganked just as fast as doing the dirty work yourself is. 
@_date: 2014-02-12 02:14:02
Shh shh, I think you're just getting the Reddit fuzzing. It reports phantom upvotes and downvotes sometimes to confuse the bots.. but always adding and never subtracting. Thus my readings suggest no downvotes have happened so far. :3
jesset77 [-1] 2 points 25 minutes ago (2|0)
digitalh3rmit [+6] 5 points 33 minutes ago (5|0)
@_date: 2014-12-19 21:27:06


[His attitude]( Where in this thread has proselytized anything? õ_O
@_date: 2014-09-06 23:02:24
I think that their point isn't that "bitcoin doesn't need to be valuable" but instead that moment to moment concern about it's price **in USD** is misleading because that is impacted just as much by the variability of USD purchasing power as it is the variability of Bitcoin purchasing power.
In particular, once we stop caring about BTC/USD and start caring more about metrics like BTC/hours of labor or BTC/gallons of gas, etc then we instill the psychology to trade BTC for those things instead of endlessly cashing in and out of fiat and furthermore remaining beholden to those legal chokepoints.
@_date: 2014-01-01 02:21:31
You come in here with "well you obviously don't understand math" followed by "well, math isn't relevant to the topic" and expect upvotes?
Either you're afraid to speak the truth unless it's popular, or you've got nothing to back up your soundbites that are already contradicting one another. Either way, we're happy for either useful information if you can muster it or more surface area to downvote you if not. :3
@_date: 2014-02-18 22:21:08
Feces are an example of organic matter, and last I checked your mother eats organic matter. So have fun with that!
@_date: 2014-10-20 17:21:27


I don't think I made that error, though. I didn't put a time limit on how long a person would be required to curtail their explanation (give or take "the attention span of your person of average intelligence", which already limits you to 140 char tweet or a limerick if you can format your answer as a snarky rhyme)
But seriously, have you ever met or really spent any time trying to explain *anything* to one of these "persons of average intelligence"? We are literally discussing somebody with a double digit IQ plus one here. If they are sufficiently numerate to know how to make change from a dollar into coins, they *might* not qualify. If they can grok the distinction between Facebook (or AOL or whatever their particular digital nursery is) and the internet, or hell and *their computer* then they do not qualify.
@_date: 2014-08-15 16:46:40
By "this" you mean the entire calendar year of 2014? :J
@_date: 2014-02-13 11:57:46
They can if all the addresses get used in the same spend (under the currently, basically always-true assumption that a single administrative entity signs off on every spend).
For example, address A has 1 unspent output of 1BTC, as does address B. Nobody can tell they are owned by the same person, nor who it is assuming no further leaked info such as publicly advertising an address on your website or in a forum in order to link it to you in the public eye.
Next, the person who owns A+B wants to spend 1.5 BTC to address Q. The transaction will eat the 1BTC output from A, the 1BTC output from B, and send 1.5BTC to Q. .0001 tx fee is left unclaimed and .4999BTC change goes to newly created address C.
The public *can* now see that A + B are were owned by the same person, but are no closer to seeing who that person is short of IP tracking (hint: use tor!). It may not be clear if C or Q was the change address, but if they can work it out (hint: change is 2/3 or more of the time the smaller of the two outputs) then they'll know that C belongs to same person as A+B.
Welcome to the vague science of "transaction analysis". :J  All of the above is further complicated if user uses a web wallet with off-chain balances for example, then "A+B+C" linking would only clarify the web wallet maintainer, not the user.
@_date: 2014-06-05 00:44:32
I'm not aware of any step where Coinbase uses two transactions for sends or withdrawals, or where they make any attempt to make it appear as though the funds are "coming from" "your" web wallet addresses.
AFAIK they just send from whatever Coinbase addresses they choose the amount you specify to the target you specify. What you are describing would involve Address Reuse, which most of the community is against ever doing in *any* circumstances.
@_date: 2014-08-04 23:12:44
Wait, why not? You could still lean on your email security as a password recovery mechanism if you chose.
The website service gets to define what bitcoin address you have to prove auth over in order to sign in, so they just as easily get to decide if an out-of-band procedure such as email, telephone support, walking into the store and flashing photo ID at them, etc is enough to change that bitcoin address to a new one.
@_date: 2014-07-16 22:08:28
It doesn't have to be "easy", we are talking about two different contexts here.
1&gt; thousands of relatively impoverished people in the US and in a foreign country, who may have no bank accounts or bad credit or who deal in such small volumes that fixed fees like $35-$50 per intl wire would overwhelm their $100-$200 sends.
2&gt; dozens of large players with hundreds of thousands of capital to arbitrage with, who hold both USD and Peso bank accounts already, who can arbitrage 10-100BTC per trade if they wish. $50 intl wire fixed fee means nothing if you're sending $10kusd somewhere.
Without Bitcoin, it is potentially possible that the people in line 2 could offer money transmission services *directly* to the people in line 1. But then they would have to licence themselves in every applicable US state for millions of dollars in bonds to comply with US law, they would have to handle customer service and keep track of each piddling order and conflict resolution and defend themselves from fraud and money laundering, etc. The cost of all of this combined would exceed WU fees, as WU has been doing precisely this for over 100 years now.
With Bitcoin, the whales just arbitrage, which has the effect of equalizing supply and demand across borders, but they are not held responsible for the actions of *any* individual remitters: only their own larger and simpler currency movements. The exchanges at both ends do their much lighter work of local MSB licencing (instead of the more expensive MTB) and prevent fraud, report back AML/KYC in the states (unneeded outside the US). 
With a decentralized approach like Bitcoin, the full weight of taking responsibility for how you send your remittance is taken on by the end user. They have to report this all on their taxes (just as they would using WU), they have to defend themselves from personal fraud when trading USD-&gt;BTC and BTC-&gt;Peso and choose exchanges or traders wisely, but the reward for this responsibility is lower fees, greater speed, no bank holidays and lessened dependence on a monolithic institution like WU.
@_date: 2014-07-20 16:33:38
1. If you are concerned about potential lightning-rodding, then I encourage you to in turn encourage posters via sidebar rules and/or submission CSS to use "np." internal links, which were designed to facilitate that specific purpose.
2. I do not believe there are any admin-level rules (at all) decrying people going places and voting or commenting based on their beliefs (even if the place pre-sorts their beliefs), just against the specific posts or comments that call for specific actions like up/down voting.
The 2. point above is basically proven by the continued existence of ShitRedditSays, so.. xD
@_date: 2014-11-20 01:03:14


Right: so the existance of a password ensures that any information stored on the server is perfectly secure, you say? No hackers could ever possibly get in to read what is insecurely and naively stored at said location without the user first mishandling their passwords?
Also, these "markets" you value so much function much more optimally when information is shared between shoppers, and OP is sharing how he caught this company proudly illustrating how incapable they are of the discretion or discipline required to securely handle sensitive customer data.
The only reason you could have to be upset at this information sharing is if you were instead hoping to profit from fewer people knowing the truth.
@_date: 2014-02-12 23:39:33
Cars is a perfect example *bolstering* OP's point.
Buy a car, drive a car, oil light comes on, Engine bricks.
Drive your next car paying close attention to every dashboard light. Bring car into mechanic every time a light comes on, get heckled (and/or exploited by mechanic) for being a worry-wart. Nonetheless, continue driving. No light for regular filter changes so that car bricks too.
Drive next car, regular oil changes ever 3 months and close attention to lights. Tire blows ten times sooner than it should since you weren't rotating them.
Car ownership involves a ton of not-often-discussed maintenance responsibilities and beginner traps. Once enumerated, theses responsibilities can be easily discharged in partnership with a trustworthy mechanic but without detailed automotive knowledge under the hood.
OP is simply asking for an enumerated list of similar for Bitcoin. Specifically the types of things that could trip up a newbie merchant provider or exchange that is unique to interfacing with the Bitcoin network (eg, not general IT security concerns like evesdropped private key or untrusted platforms / mediums, and not general Accounting concerns like ACID database, AML, etc). Just bitcoind or similar client software API, network participation gotchas. The sort of thing we just got done heckling Gox for.
@_date: 2014-12-18 22:05:27
Useless enough that you spend ninety percent of your time either here or down the human centipede train in [butt-ville](Tagged and flushed, have a nice life! x3
@_date: 2014-02-25 07:17:10


Karples resigned from the Bitcoin foundation and cleared the twitter feed 36 hours ago. 4 days ago he virtualizes his office while humming "nothing to see here", and today the primary website goes from a message saying "trading has been disabled" to complete outage. Furthermore every press release from Karples since the withdrawal freeze two weeks ago has been calculated to spread FUD about the network at large.
What makes you think he's even going to file a press release at this stage when his intent is so clearly to manipulate prices to his own benefit? Why should companies respect somebody who spends all of his time spooking the horses to everybody's detriment when their businesses are collectively being harmed by his antics?
@_date: 2014-07-20 03:41:43
I'm curious what your definition of a "non-food" is.
Lettuces (including iceburg, but to a better extent [Romaine]( and Green Leaf) have a better nutrient/calorie ratio than anything short of mustard greens and kale. They deliver on dietary fiber, vitamins A, K, C, iron, and most importantly they leave you feeling fuller than most other foods with 10-30 times the calorie load.
@_date: 2014-11-28 18:05:15
So they have to guess your 30-char identifier, or hack into and eavesdrop your email.
@_date: 2014-01-27 04:03:30
I'm actually wondering the same thing as Slight0 now.
If you need $300k split between USD and BTC to handle a buffer on one exchange, then why could you not simply put $150k in each? Then just trade on whichever exchange gives you the best value for the direction you need at that moment .. and then once one side is temporarily locked against your preferred direction you use the other one (because that becomes the best price available) .. and you've still got $300k to buffer your stuff, just split up into two different pools is all. :3
@_date: 2014-12-17 21:40:14
But the Internet is not "a party".
Real world parties are filled with friends, family members, and people who live/work/school near enough to you that reciprocal reputation is important. That money you try to slip somebody in gratitude of their humor leaves a mark on your permanent record in this social circle that you are not willing to maintain a kinship-style relationship and that you instead want to start keeping score of what has value and what does not.
On the Internet, and in social media? We *already* have these upvote, downvote, like buttons, favorites, stars, retweets etc that prove we are not in a kinship relationship with most of our peers, here. We rate them, score them, and sift through for the most highly appraised content. In *this* environment, scorekeeping that grants you direct revenue instead of only content exposure is a breathe of fresh air and short of unrelated concerns like "wait, what's a bitcoin?" any tip the person would at least take the time to bend over and pick up off the street is more often than not going to be joyously appreciated.
@_date: 2014-12-13 06:09:15
I know, it absolutely baffles me why all the same trolls (throwaway trolls, in your case) keep just getting *downvoted*. I mean what gives? Why won't people appreciate verbal abuse these days?
I mean if you began saying things that were either 1. true or at least 2. coherent, it would be a start but you would also have to drop the "everybody in this sub about things that disgust me are mean to me all the time" act to make any real progress.
Or alternately you could just bugger off. I mean if you *really* hate this sub as much as you claim instead of just stalking it for sexual thrills, then your absence would improve everybody's mood.
@_date: 2014-08-05 00:28:37
It sounds to me like you are conflating a wide number of incompatible things, here.
1&gt; the QR code I mentioned was access to the wallet's raw signing interface. To be used by protocol testers, or BitID, or freenode's  gribble bot, or whoever however. It was not meant to be confused with a spending interface, nor is "spending" 0btc legitimately possible because it would be interpreted as dust or blockchain spam.
2&gt; Most wallet software *does not* group bitcoin addresses into "wallets". Some might, though there are truckloads of ideological pros and cons in both directions to work out there.
Most wallet software that provides "accounts", *including* bitcoin-qt, only offer the accounts as a fictional ledger riding across the top of your pooled addresses. No address "belongs" to any account, the accounts are just a bunch of ledgerbalances that add up to the total physically present balance.
This is akin to mentally categorizing what's in your leather wallet as $7 for groceries, $7 for candy, and $7 for later.. when what is physically in your leather wallet is 1 $20 bill and 1 $1 bill.
@_date: 2014-08-10 11:03:35
So just to be clear, you are asking us to feed the trolls then?
They are not incentivized by intellectual honesty only by potty humor and ridiculing those whom they are, for some reason, bitterly jealous of.
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:54:49
The Internet is the solution to censorship.
.. Because it is the most powerful tool at our disposal to resist censorship. But this does not mean that "it is magically impossible to perpetrate censorship of information over the Internet".
This is simply a question of reading skills.
@_date: 2014-12-17 23:21:12
But that is only half of the story. Since BTC was used in the transaction somebody had to obtain it before merchant could sell it. If it was either a new user buying BTC to make the purchase, or an experienced user sticking to his hodl guns by topping his balance back off after the purchase, then the net movement is zero.
The only *real* sell pressure is coming from the present holders leaking their balances out this new relief valve without then replenishing them. In fact the sell pressure is indistinguishable from those customers just selling the coins themselves on an exchange, and  using the liquidated fiat to make the purchase.
Merchant adoption and 100% conversion to fiat is offers no net change to bitcoin price by itself. Merchant holding some or all of their BTC revenue OTOH represents *buy* pressure, which it would take customer's leaking off their own balances just to balance back out to neutral.
@_date: 2014-07-25 02:24:43
Alright, so drop PotatoBadger in some province where the only opportunities are work 14 hours in a textile plant for 10c/day or starve to death. But at least he gets to forget his misery by shooting up some heroine before bed.
At least he's not some chump suffering from "da man" in the US! xD
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:27:56


It was your recommendation. You said "if their ATMs did not identify people, then how would the government know who to put in jail?", suggesting that that is what Robocoin ought to do: operate an ATM which can be used by anonymous individuals to convert USD back and forth to Bitcoin.


I agree with "decentralized", but you'll have to cite for me how a blockchain that broadcasts your every transaction across the entire world is "grounded on privacy". I argue that it is instead grounded on being able to use the system in whichever way you choose, and if that includes complying with your government's tracking requirements then you should have the freedom to choose that too.


Please contrast that with any other legally operating bitcoin exchange or brokerage service in or serving customers in the United States.


Robocoin exposes nothing beyond keeping track of how many bitcoin you exchange *with them*, and I don't see a shred of information here about "how they are spent". I get 0.1BTC off of their ATM, I then go deposit that into sealswithclubs. How does Robocoin find out how I spent anything? All that they see on the blockchain is yet another anonymous address.


There is nothing decentralized about a company operating in country X reporting to the government of country X how their service gets used. You still get to buy, sell, trade, or mine bitcoins at any other service you please. You still get to exchange bitcoin anonymously if that's a law you and the person you exchange with feel safe flouting, and can figure out how to cook your books properly come tax time.
Hell, you still get to buy your bitcoins at Robocoin and then tumble them so that nobody knows how much you still have or how you spend it. Can you tumble your electronic bank balances? Can you spend your paper cash across the globe?


If.. I'm .. what? I'm sorry, did you just say "if you break the law you will get arrested?"
If you do not like the law, then change. the. law. Robocoin is not responsible for covering your ass while you break it. I'm sorry, but that is nobody's risk to run but your own.


By "Seize your bitcoins" I assume you mean when you go to deposit some that they don't feed you your USD back. If that happens illegally, then go sue their ass. Also, MtGox was famous for that shit (you know, while they were online..). Nothing about confirming the end-user's identity relates to their capacity to not follow through on a transaction. 


Just to be clear then, you don't think that a private company has the right to refuse service to people? Or have we looped back around to the "everything revolves around my convenience" bit?


It is nice to have it confirmed that you're not on a personal vendetta against this particular law-abiding exchange, but you still haven't clarified how this contrasts against any legally operating currency exchange or brokerage in or serving customers in the united states. Coinbase, Bitpay, Bitstamp, Bitsimple, Gox before it tanked (though I couldn't even blame you there) and even most online exchanges outside of the US all require photo ID and account creation for every withdrawal, deposit or exchange of USD. Every one of these AFAIK follows AML / KYC guidelines, and the ones located in the US at least have also licenced themselves in all 48 states (that require as much) as money transmitters per [FIN-2013-G001](
Failure to follow these steps will get you Shremmed, and failure to keep one step ahead of the government while breaking their laws will get you DreadPirateRoberts'ed.
Luckily, Bitcoin has one billion and one uses that don't involve breaking *any* laws, and those of us who want to participate in those might be perfectly comfortable using a law-abiding exchange and resigned to the fact that, at least for now, the US government will require knowledge about all of our exchanges between USD and other monetary instruments.
@_date: 2014-02-28 10:57:11
This sounds like it may be a fun thing to discuss, so you have my upvote. :3
While I won't give you "cult" right off the bat I will give you "rowdy and sometimes dysfunctional", and any analysis that can lead to our improved organization and ability to productively represent what really does draw us all here will certainly be valued.
Do you have any sources for the criteria your post publishes in bold?
It will be valuable to know, for example, if they came from the DSM or just from somebody's blog.
Commitment to leader
while it's quite obvious the work of Satoshi is respected and even obsessed over, for a majority in the community and for our communal guidelines (forum rules, reddit sidebars, etc) I wouldn't go so far as to say "unquestioning" or "as truth, as law". Many of us believe strongly in Austrian Economics, as he did. Most of us believe in the value of wealth holding and value transfer without reliance on counterparties, given that that's Bitcoin's core feature. But for most of us these are all well-analyzed instrumental beliefs, not intrinsic.
We are bound together by the coincidence of our strong beliefs, we did not condition ourselves to strong beliefs just to bind ourselves together.
I would personally blame the "downvote whoever disagrees with me" ethos on the Reddit voting system. There does not exist a subreddit which can overcome the echochamber effect without strong moderation.
Full disclosure: I used to be an mod and this precise point was the argument which lead me to resign my post. I wanted to work out more responsible content gardening techniques while benevolent dictator Theymos preferred minimal intervention.
Group exalting itself, leader, members
I don't think this is true at all. We do exalt the protocol, but our aim is to create a *trustless* system, which means we do our best to remove trust requirements from all of our internal interactions as well. 
That guy next to you? He might want to steal your money.  He might also lend you his last dollar, it's impossible to tell. But you know what? With the proper balance of cryptographic protocols, you might still be able to cooperate with him and the pair of you achieve mutual profit without either of you having to expose vulnerability to the other.
So we're specifically here to *avoid* exalting people. :P
us-versus-them mentality
Government and Bank mistrust are pretty widespread, we're just among the few offering an alternative as far as I can tell. It's hard to really stand your ground on an anti-establishment opinion without a viable alternative to recommend.
I also don't see much conflict with wider society outside of perhaps our disagreement on the importance of credit cards as a payment mechanism, especially the North American magstripe variety?
Ends justify the means
I don't see any discussions within the Bitcoin community that doing bad is made alright because of the good it might ultimately lead to, and I don't see anybody laying down their morals due to feeling it's required to fit in.
Most of us simply support drugs, porn, and gambling to begin with as these are celebrations of autonomy. We came here to support a type of money you can spend in any way you'd like, and one way many of us would like to spend it without counterparties interfering is on chemicals we choose to ingest, or sound and video we choose to produce or consume, and games of prescribed risk we choose to participate in.
I've never seen anybody in this community say that anything immoral purchased in Bitcoin is any better than the same thing purchased through another route. We still hate theft and extortion, even though thieves have also figured out how to use Bitcoin. We still hate human trafficking and violence, these are all things that violate autonomy. Bitcoin is no magic absolver, but many of us do believe that financial surveillance is a means that fails to justify the end of "catching bad guys". We do want criminals brought to justice, simply not at the expense of financial (or any other) invasions of privacy or violations of due process.
New members
You accidentally a word, the term is "Merchant Adoption". We appreciate Merchants accepting Bitcoin in it's role as a payment system, so that it can grow easier over time for us to do everyday personal business using Bitcoin. Said merchants do not have to believe in bitcoin, or buy bitcoin, or hold bitcoin; just accept this straightforward process to unload us of our money. :P
Aside from that, yes it's always nice when more people support our cause, but your calls to "elitism" and "bringing in new members" are mutually exclusive. We *are* elitist: we recognize that the freedom Bitcoin allows a person can be very dangerous in unprepared hands (leading to loss of investment) and show little patience with people trying to participate without a willingness to learn which way is up, and how to properly secure their dealings first.
inordinate amounts of time
On one hand, as I just said, you've got to understand the pitfalls to secure your wallet and your transactions or we're not going to be terribly impressed when you get hacked or lose your coins. Aside from requiring people to research what they are talking about, to be responsible with their own money and privacy and *especially* with the money and trust of others.. we don't hold any expectations on anybody's time around here.
Do *you* feel like a member? Is there even an initiation right? Can you point to anybody being punished for not supporting the group enough; short of unrelated irresponsible business incompetence like Gox?
no life outside the context of the group
I don't even understand your citations here. What in the world is a "Bitcoin Brotherhood"? What is bad about seeking to improve the world around you or aid poverty on another continent (you'll have to give more context on those two quotes for me to understand if you believe they are disingenuous)?
@_date: 2014-12-19 19:55:28
@_date: 2014-12-13 00:45:13
I've never actually used the steam wallet feature, myself. Can you buy all steam assets out of the wallet balance, such as games and gifts and combo packs and summer deals and such? :3
@_date: 2014-07-06 16:39:42
Umm.. get her to link coinbase to a secondary account at the bank she can use for receipt only?
Incidentally, I sure as hell hope that's how you linked up Paypal or else that plumbing is going to vacuum one day (as plumbing always does) and her bank account will be empty for an unspecified period of time while y'all try to file disputes to paypal to sort out their filing error.
This entire *thread* would not exist if "Paypal" were actually a name worth trusting.
@_date: 2014-09-30 12:42:06


So basically you're saying that end-users ought to not be allowed to handle Bitcoins until their late teen years and then only after a multi-step testing and licensing process. Is that it?
Because I have met people who cannot comprehend street lights or right of way or lane changes or appropriate speed or braking distances. Am I a dick just because I don't want those people in charge of piloting multi-ton vehicles down the arterials at relative speeds in excess of 120mph no more than an arms-length or two from oncoming traffic or through intersections with nothing but the color of a light telling them when it's not safe to barrel on through a cloud of women pushing strollers on their way into T-boning a gas tanker?
Driving a car takes a fair amount of specialized knowledge, precise skills and a ton of understanding that I bet we've all taken for granted. Even if you don't repair them on your own it's on you to know that the light panel means business, don't just put off the "oil" light for a week when you have the time to get around to it. Don't drive the tank empty or aside from being caught nowhere out of gas, you'll ruin the fuel injector. Don't drive on low pressure tires unless you're a fan of blow-outs at highway speeds. 
So how come your money doesn't deserve the same level of attention and care as that? Really, I don't care if it's your money, your friends, spouse, pet, or your car.. if you neglect it and treat it like it doesn't deserve your time and understanding then you *will* lose it, bub. That's not a flaw, it's how it is *supposed* to work.
@_date: 2014-02-09 04:10:51
Works fine when you affix www: 
@_date: 2014-10-08 05:10:08
Yep, there are two different things to consider here.
1&gt; HD means "Hierarchical Deterministic" as mentioned. This is only a style of using one piece of unique information (a seed) to generate an endless stream of new addresses for easy backup and other purposes. How you use the addresses is up to your wallet's UI and your own personal tastes. Nothing stops you from using an HD wallet but still re-using the same one address for everything, although it would be quite strange and offer you poor security and absolutely ruin your privacy if anybody looks up your transaction history.
2&gt; The concept of "one address per transaction" was initially recommended by Satoshi himself and first made standard in the Bitcoind reference client (which is *not* hierarchical or deterministic, btw).
The idea here is as follows.
a&gt; for every transaction you wish to receive, you just create a brand new fresh address to receive it.
b&gt; every time you send a transaction, there must exist a "change address". Here is why.
Each time you get bitcoin from somebody, what you get is called an "unspent output". Imagine this like somebody melted down just the right amount of Gold for your transaction, and then let that harden into a chunk. They give you this chunk.
An address can have one or more (although just one is better when you can help it) unspent transactions. So an address is like a giant box where people can deposit one or more incoming chunks. 
When you go to spend from one or more addresses, you are forced to take one or more of the chunks found there so that together they are large enough to completely account for your transaction. For best security, as described below, you are better off emptying *all* chunks out of every address you tap into this way.
You melt them down yourself, to make new chunks. One the right size to send off to each intended destination address, and at least one chunk left over you still want to keep, but now it needs a home. This is called "change". (Then there are the miners, who take whatever dribble you voluntarily leave in the melting pot for them as their fee. Go miners! &lt;3).
It is possible to always send the change back to the same address, but every time you spend from any address you reveal it's full public key on the network which while safe against today's cryptanalytic attacks will instead weaken you against potential attacks tomorrow, most notably taking you from quite-safe to completely-not-safe in the face of quantum cryptanalysis.
So when you direct any change to an entirely new, fresh, address you are helping to ensure that every address you dump anything out of (which instantly reveals it's full public key) gets completely empty and you never have to use it, or endanger any of the funds that get stored there, ever again.
Bitcoind and Bitcoin-qt do this for you by default, however they create each new keyset (private key, public key, address) absolutely from scratch entropy. They create 100 at a time, so every time you've done at least 100 more incoming or outbound txn you have to make a new backup or you could be missing some of your active and important keys.
HD wallets solve this among other problems by allowing one fixed seed to generate an endless stream of keys, so you never have to choose between simple backup strategy and safety against future cryptanalysis. :3
@_date: 2014-02-07 03:06:10
Fair enough, takes about 3-6 days to withdraw Gwallet money sent to you into these certificates though. Additionally, these certs can't be digitally stored offline like a brainwallet or password protected like BIPS0038.
But they are still useful and I do store a few grand in this media! :o
@_date: 2014-12-20 15:10:44
I.. wat?
1. I didn't downvote you.
2. That is really the size of by bitcoin folder, just measured in more fun units because of Pro Pineapple's observation. It is basically the same size that everybody else is quoting.
@_date: 2014-01-28 02:20:03
Yep, very good writeup, with excellent illustrations. :3
If I were to offer a criticism, a potential to make this a more effective introduction, it would be to find some way to cancel out the need to describe long strings of characters for anything aside from the bitcoin addresses because of how visible those are. Bitcoin addresses are a lot like email addresses, so it's okay for those to be a little bit archane.
You did say it yourself, "you'll probably never even see this private key yourself" and because of that fact who cares how nerds choose to encode them into strings for nerd-convenience? Everything below that level is indistinguishable from magic and should probably be described as such: just black boxes with certain properties. You don't have to describe HMAC to an end-user for them to understand their password protects access to their email, so half the work of "private key protects access to your bitcoin balance on the ledger" is done for you already.
Also, most end-users are not accountants who know how to read a double-entry ledger, and will deal directly with balances instead of specific unspent outputs so those are more opportunities for simplification and greater focus. 
Were it me, I'd illustrate the ledger like a much simpler bank statement and describe moving "part of your balance" instead of breaking things down all the way to the unspent output level. Because, again that's just an encoding choice. You are fundamentally working with a balance, and whether that balance happens to be encoded in the backend as a simple 64-bit integer or as a complex list of unspent outputs with pedigree doesn't impact practical end-user participation.
You always have to choose where to break off the "well actuall X is really a complex example of Y", and for Bitcoin intro that cutoff point is usually about where questions like "how do I use it" and your thesis question of "what do I really, functionally have" stop being served by finer detail. :3
@_date: 2014-11-29 22:34:50
And that signature can be verified by....?
I have three broken copies of PGP, GPG4win and now GPG4usb from over the past 20 years that are no longer capable of integrating with any sort of WoT.
@_date: 2014-03-06 21:31:47
You can't have *transactions* if everybody is anonymous, people have to be *pseudonymous*. Even then, not every actor has to have a masked identity, as there would be a business model around standing behind a strong identity.
The fight here isn't about *everyone* being anonymous, it's about the *option* of being anonymous or at least pseudonymous as your needs warrant.
@_date: 2014-07-21 23:59:30
Yep, it is possible to do safe online commerce via an untrusted conduit (assuming the bad actor does not simply block your transaction attempts). That's kind of why encryption was invented in the first place. :3
@_date: 2014-01-27 11:42:38
Suite looking set-up, though! :3
@_date: 2014-12-20 09:14:00
BCI's recent vulnerability *might* qualify, then. But it was a software implementation weakness hypothetically not recommended by core devs and of course not present in the bitcoind reference client.
I know on Mar 2013 when we hard forked, somebody doublespent a 10kBTC deposit to OKcoin. But that's also a symptom of "if you're running and relying on a full node to keep track of live spends, be aware of and react properly to incidents like hard forks" and one of the reasons why demicentralization like merchant gateways can be so valuable: they pay attention to fiddling BS like that so that you aren't forced to.
@_date: 2014-09-18 10:25:31
LB does not prevent you using their services to advertise that form of trade, but they do market their escrow service since that's also how they earn their commissions and since not all people have internet access available at the location of exchange. :3
@_date: 2014-08-05 00:21:44


Who says that isn't what they want? Wage slaves earn you less explicit profit than popularly supported chattel slaves.
@_date: 2014-08-18 13:37:10
How does reduced purchasing power of your savings via artificial supply inflation relate to anybody having a gun to their heads? 
Are you getting this confused with the ancap complaint about taxes again? You'll be relieved to hear that Bernanke has nothing personally to do with Tax Collection.
@_date: 2014-07-23 23:22:05
Hey, I feel your pain that you don't like the echo chamber effect (that frankly appears to infect *all* of reddit these days..) but it won't go away if you childishly mock it and then spit personal insults.
Echo chambers and circle jerking stem from people feeling as though something important to them, something vital to their identity is being threatened. I think all of those ignition conditions are met here, people desire simple consensual trade of a trust-free digital resource which is one step away from the same action as bare communication like sending or receiving emails, and the US government is doing it's best to tarpit that: ostensibly motivated by the profits that the current money-moving oligarchy would prefer to maintain by way of the broken window fallacy.
Whether you agree with the accuracy of that perspective, can you at least concede that those who have it will feel as though they have a bare nerve in the fight? It's hard to change somebody else's perspective when they perceive letting their guard down as an immediate precursor to being directly attacked or harmed.
@_date: 2014-12-30 21:25:55
Viva la coinjoin!
@_date: 2014-12-01 23:28:39
Regular ATMs charge, like $1-3.50 usd when you are out of network (not counting what your bank charges to do business with them, in turn..) which we do all groan at, but compare with 7% when somebody is trying to convert $500usd. That works out to $35. :P
@_date: 2014-12-19 04:19:01
Yes, because if a horse actually walked into a bar the bartender would ask him what kind of alcohol he wanted to order.
@_date: 2014-12-12 05:47:31
They do not have to take the payment directly, they just have to adjust the "how much to convert to fiat" settings at the merchant gateway.
No company *has* to take Bitcoin "directly" any more than you *have* to stop using your printer and start copying down what's on the screen with an ink pen. Even if you convert 0% to fiat, the processor still handles invoicing and record keeping and pricing so that you don't have to, and is more likely to protect you in case of hard fork or other exotic blockchain drama than any roll-your-own strategy would.
@_date: 2014-06-11 23:39:21
Hmm.. this at least nullifies my data point, because the card I use there is a debit. I no longer touch "true" credit cards with a ten furlong pole (although that used to be quite an entertaining pasttime!), but I do conflate "debit/credit" pretty frequently since they are normally accepted the same way. 
@_date: 2014-07-29 00:04:13
Yeah, a bigger screen is just a case hack level change.
@_date: 2014-12-17 23:11:55
Interestingly the merchant sell pressure has no impact on Bitcoin price (although if they held that would look like buy pressure), because they were not previously holding. The real sell pressure in this hypothetical transaction is the unspoken assumption that a bitcoiner is selling off part of *his* holdings to get the merchandise, and then not buying it back into their own personal stash.
For example, if a newb with no holdings wishes to use Bitcoin at Dell or M$ or Time, they have to buy it first and *then* the merchant sells it. Net pressure zero.
Aside from all of this, yeah mining subsidy inflation of 3,600 new BTC per day will continue to push down the price unless somebody makes the collective, conscious effort to buy and/or hold 3,600 additional BTC every day.
@_date: 2014-02-12 00:01:17
No, you are correct that a malled transaction can wind up slipping through a chain re-org.
@_date: 2014-11-16 04:28:04
It *is* a fallacy, the No True Scottsman fallacy. You do not simply get to redefine your tribe as "everybody who agrees with me".
Next you'll tell me that ISIS isn't "really" Muslim or that the Unabomber wasn't "really" American.
@_date: 2014-07-24 08:15:50
There was another guy in this thread elsewhere I was talking too that basically just called me the devil for doing anything less than eco-terrorism against coinbase and any other ewallet provider, so it might have been him? *shrugs*
@_date: 2014-02-12 23:44:48
If Bitcoin™ begins to smoke, panic sell and find shelter.
@_date: 2014-07-27 07:58:35
1. Not a thing about my post was sarcastic
2. Are you just being selectively deaf to the "under any circumstances whatsoever" clause of what I've said?
Violence used against a person to rape them is terrible, but I find it chilling that you are equally opposed to using violence against a person attempting to commit rape in order to neutralize the threat.
@_date: 2014-10-29 22:53:57


His decision might be less caught up in other matters if anybody else was offering to pay him a salary.
There are principals, and there there is six figuers per annum. They both speak in pretty loud voices, all told. :/
@_date: 2014-09-11 01:07:27
I'm curious, do you know whether merchants charge more to use credit card instead of cash/check/other where you live, and do you know what kind of fees merchants see there, too? :)
@_date: 2014-07-20 02:35:24
Also, nobody needs this particular kind of money to do much by way of  until after it's gained a way stronger leverage against other forms of currency, and it's market cap has risen a few more decimal places to help stabilize it. :J
@_date: 2014-09-30 00:55:12


But they stoled muh card! D:
@_date: 2014-06-13 16:26:28


What if GHash just begins to market test proxying P2Pool themselves? :o
@_date: 2014-09-17 22:36:46
Nah means delayed Bitcoin withdrawal. This normally has nothing to do with credit card fraud checks, but I've seen it a ton of times: "withdraw will have to wait for a manual step that can take up to 48 hours" and between 5-48 hours later then you have your coin. What I suspect is that's just what happens when their hot wallet gets exhausted.
@_date: 2014-01-22 22:52:19
I'm sorry, I don't know how this analogy pertains to the matter at hand.
Person asks a question to nobody in particular via Twitter. Canned answer is delivered via twitter. Nobody is being tripped or face-planted, here.
@_date: 2014-10-08 04:37:52
Because how many directions do you want the blockchain to hardfork all at the same time? How many large businesses and vendors should lose how much money if they happen to pick the wrong fork to follow and do business with their customers?
@_date: 2014-03-24 21:37:08
To be fair, Gyft has supported Whole Foods and Target for many moons now. This just allows us a more popular *selection* of milk, eggs, diapers, and such. ;3
@_date: 2014-04-11 21:36:02
Please refer to [Tips for Running an Exit Node with Minimal Harassment]( for starters.
IANAL or anything, but so long as you dedicate one or more IPs to this purpose (EG, don't use them for your own traffic!), have them clearly labeled in reverse DNS and such, and do not monitor or manipulate the traffic coming through beyond broad policy (such as firewalling out SMTP, irc, etc) then I don't think you can be held liable for the traffic and you're well prepared to prove it's not your traffic if law enforcement ever steps your way for more information on it.
Anonymously gathering remunerance for the service shouldn't make a difference so long as you remain content neutral and plausibly do not know what content is being delivered, and do not *advertise* your service explicitly for illegitimate use.
@_date: 2014-12-17 21:45:01
To be fair, ChangeTip's predecessor Bitcointip did have a minimum tip amount of $0.10 USD or it's present day equivalent in any other named currency. It was one of the features I'd initially suggested and is cool like that. ;3
@_date: 2014-12-20 09:48:50


[Here's a post upstream from you]( by who invented Bitmessage, an arguably superior application similar to the one mentioned in TFA that does not bloat anyone's blockchain.
Additionally, Luke Jr who obviously crosses the line to resist blockchain spam by directly contravening Gentoo distribution rules is one of the (more controversial) Bitcoin core devs and runs the Eligius mining pool. He hasn't posted in this thread, but he is active in the sub.
Low hanging fruit counterexamples given (among probably countless more; I abstain from tooting my own horn for example): but at least some people in this sub do develop things.


Ignoring what I've already spoken to for a moment to focus on your more specific complaint, [One post down from one of the posts you quoted]( I count five respondents (flippantly) reporting the size of the blockchain in the full nodes that they run.
So again, counter-examples given: some percentage of us are running full nodes.
@_date: 2014-12-09 02:31:32
You're the one complaining that Bitcoin doesn't have a "I changed my mind" button, and you're the one not bringing anything to the table. 
Do you seriously want to make one trip to the store to arrange a bunch of groceries at checkout, find out how much it costs, *start* payment, and then come back *the next day* to pick up the same groceries out of bags? Most foodstuff only lasts a few days or a week, so everything's grown a day more stale. How much do the food costs go up to rent lockers for everybody to park their groceries in for 24 hours?
@_date: 2014-02-22 01:23:22
Well, what is the procedure when draft time comes and the customer's balance is insufficient for any reason? One common reason being "wow, BTC exchange rate just dropped 90% today", meaning customer's USD-equivalent balance drops commensurately. They thought they had 9 months worth in but today during the dip it's not one month worth.
I'm imagining something like "email customer whenever balance at today's rate is insufficient to handle the next X days of scheduled autodraft with Y% margin for error" where X and Y are configurable by the customer would be a good example feature to support this, along with some sensible procedure (I can't think of one off the top of my head, I'll wait until I'm feeling more clever!) to handle unexpectedly insufficient funding due to changing exchange rate. *shrugs*
@_date: 2014-01-05 06:11:20


Less hassle, more control over your account, not beholden to a family member who could extort you (and if you're family wouldn't then I'll trade you! xD), not in danger of losing your access or getting your family in trouble if netflix policies change, easier to control personalization stuff like ratings and bookmarks,
And as to "why now" perhaps they are unbanked. Perhaps they would have paid all along but literally had no convenient way to deliver the funds until now.
@_date: 2014-06-11 23:26:18


It just doesn't make since.
It is bad because it opens small and newbie merchants up to a wider array of buyer fraud, which was already rampant to begin with. This buyer fraud represents *profits* to Paypal, since they get to bill you for the transaction, bill you for the "buyer protection", and then bill you for the dispute resolution even though no actual productive trade has occurred.
@_date: 2014-08-28 22:20:21
above you said:


To which you replied:


I know the home addresses of probably thousands of people that list them in the phone book. Are you telling me that this is all I require to wipe out each of these people's bank accounts?
Please explain.
@_date: 2014-01-27 22:14:49
And I strongly believe that even in your carefully architected path to anarcho-capitalist utopia, that would not occur.
The problem is that individuals make enough decisions based on emotion and instinct — and even when they do make decisions intellectually it is based on too narrow of a view and too limited of an intellect per person — to ever trust any but the most visionary among any sufficiently large group of individuals to act either as rational actors or to follow the rules set down for them. And even then the visionaries would only seem rational in comparison to the dullards they are surrounded by; not by any objective standard.
It doesn't matter if those rules are enforced laws or the subtle carrot/stick of market profit/loss, a vast majority of individuals will choose poorly a good proportion of the time so that any system that relies upon individual action in accordance with anything but the bluntest self interests is guaranteed to fail. The vast majority of individual actors, thus doomed to starve, will be guaranteed to break any pacts or treaties guaranteeing non-aggression in preference to politely laying down and dying while the few wiser and the many luckier actors step over their corpses to enjoy their wealth. To the same effect, those luckier actors who did not require good judgement, only windfall to wield disproportionally greater power will not be reigned in from non-aggression by market forces alone and will employ violence in order to solidify their gains by distorting the market. 
Aggression, force, violence are nothing more nor less than the fundament of conflict resolution. Market forces can never be expected to fully control violence for the same reason that steel cannot cut diamond; markets cannot function without rules, such as respect for life and property, which in turn cannot be enforced without violence and cannot contain violence as a commodity that is not orders of magnitude weaker than the arbiter is capable of.
Whoever is the most powerful Arbiter is the state by definition. Any multiple arch-arbiters of comparable power have no court to decide between them besides war, and lacking conflict they become again the same arbiter. Market forces cannot decide between them, they are a monopoly OR there is war and suffering, easily both but never neither.
@_date: 2014-07-09 19:30:11
You said no men or women open up their legs (kind of a sexual prerequisite) because they enjoy it.
You seem to have a bad habit of hallucinating about what you've actually written. Lawdy, lawdy. ;3
@_date: 2014-09-17 22:28:42
[Have you brought any fruits or vegetables onto the planet?](
@_date: 2014-12-12 23:35:13
Lemme try! Facehoof.gif
@_date: 2014-12-13 01:01:15
So .. and then? ;3
@_date: 2014-07-25 01:49:37
Yep, this sounds like reddit tea party libertarianism to me. :J
@_date: 2014-09-25 20:27:39
Do they then count it as a cash advance with different rules and fees than normal credit card purchases? None of the precious metal dealers in my town will accept check or credit.
If the fees are going to be jacked then I don't even count it among rational options. For example, if you stop caring about fees then you *can* purchase Bitcoin via credit card as well at [VirWoX]( but you're killed on two different order book spreads with shallow volume in serial progression not to mention commission and withdrawal fees. ;P
@_date: 2014-12-15 07:31:38


However competition requires rules and the primary calling card of "being a dick" is disrespecting the rules that everybody else is trying to lay out and adhere to for shared long-term advantage in order to instead promote your own myopic short-term advantage.
Without a system beyond capitalism to enforce these rules it would, as most things do, simply devolve into bloody, mob-like feudalism.
@_date: 2014-09-05 16:26:19
Buttcoiner calls himself "nobody", as lulz index continues to plummet. Forecasts show that Buttcoiners may next stoop to mime in order to force people to pay attention to them.
@_date: 2014-12-14 05:15:48
Yeah, at the high end your transaction has to fit within the market cap. But until you reach the low end of dust or satoshis (where practical divisibility presently begins to fail, and an arbitrary lower bound which can be lowered further post-hoc by better code and processes) there exists no comparison at all to square footage. Quite literally: "Bitcoin can never be *too expensive* because you can always buy as tiny a fraction as you'd like".
This cannot be true of land. You might buy a house half as big in an area where land is twice as expensive, but you have to sacrifice lifestyle to do that and long before the house is too small to accommodate a human body you simply aren't going to play that game any more.
@_date: 2014-07-25 02:19:53
Both permissible and ineffective, since nobody can voluntarily lead a majority of labor into choosing to starve to death in preference to being paid less than they think they are worth.
Whoever breaks the prisoner's dilemma wins, and is rewarded in comparison to the steadfast losers.
@_date: 2014-02-09 04:12:37
This is the correct answer everybody, please take this to the top.
@_date: 2014-02-21 01:18:27
I don't understand what we could have done differently. Doge doesn't enforce fees either. Thousands of people run automated services which rely on voluntary modulation of fees. Every major wallet software offers a "void the warrantee" style warning when you try to stiff the fee, but if it made features of the protocol *impossible* to access then completely different people would be calling us names for second guessing their wishes.
In case this is strictly a language issue:
    What do?
                            Oh no!
          Much mistake.
                                            gets better
        wow
@_date: 2014-03-13 18:08:16
Right, and then where does that recourse come from?
Those who take a risk get their risk erased by taxing everyone who didn't choose the risk?
Sounds like a great gig for the fraudsters who make off with a limitless supply of booty. They're not just stealing a lot from the pigeons who trusted them, they're stealing pennies from *everybody* and can repeat the performance over and over again as long as they don't get pinched.
@_date: 2014-03-03 18:38:32
Gold has been a currency between the dawn of civilization and your parents getting their first car, and it's still a currency today insofar as any two people who wish to can trade a gold coin for a good or a service. 
But let's play your game. Is it fair to say that USD is confusing because [the CPI it's purchasing power is measured against]( might be, or it's methods to confirm [it's bank notes are not counterfeit]( (and thus illegal to trade on) or to [resist buyer fraud]( or the methods to keep bad actors out of your house to pilfer it from under your mattress, or to keep them from mugging you or [obtaining your bank details]( might be?
All I'm asking is that you compare apples to apples. People take a metric shitload of things for granted when they deal with money, and by and large it is relatively safe to do so. Bitcoin is a bit younger so the bits you can take for granted are still cooking, but Coinbase is very nearly as easy for the mainstream to adopt as Paypal.. and quite a bit easier to use than Paypal was at the same age, to boot.
@_date: 2014-12-15 07:45:39
To be fair, Bitcoin makes choosing an institution to trust your funds to a much better proposition than what it replaces because in the conventional system *all* banks are required to be appendages of the same organization and thus cannot offer real competition to one another. Bitcoin banks have *zero* necessary administrative relationship to one another and thus can compete on equal terms and thus potentially offer far greater value and innovation.
That said, yeah Circle and Coinbase can't even match FDIC levels of insurance yet so this aspect of Bitcoin fails to elevate them in particular just yet. ;3
@_date: 2014-09-30 23:02:16
My bank account came with a whole goddamned book, printed in 12 languages but over 20 pages each and tons of fine print.
@_date: 2014-01-22 22:55:05
So like, when somebody sends me $1usd worth as a bitcoin tip? Or, like other forms of income is there a minimum amount before you have to report it? :P
Most people aren't going to be magically accruing BTC from the aether. Either they are mining, earning wages, selling goods/services or accepting charity. Those are already practices which we are accustomed to reporting on taxes, so at the very least it's not a shocking revelation. If you had to report bitcoins you *buy* as "income", then that would be another matter entirely. ;3
@_date: 2014-09-03 00:38:05
How would this be different than simply publishing your address?
Bitcoin is pretty easy to just send, it's just that you're looking at a ~$0.05 transaction fee for each send so Changetip does it's bidness off-ledger to better support micropayments. "Tip to address" would entirely defeat that purpose.
@_date: 2014-12-22 11:08:44
Not by much, since you only need 160 bits of entropy to generate the ~~public key~~bitcoin address. The number of ~~public keys~~bitcoin address's that mathematically exist which do not map to one of the first 2^160 private keys is a sufficiently trivial percentage that increasing initial entropy just to reach one of those (less than 1/3 of all possible public keys, I just forgot how to refine that bound to tell how much less) is just as much wasted effort towards additional security as trying for a vanity address would be.
EDIT: said "public key" when meant "bitcoin address"
@_date: 2014-12-20 09:36:29
I.. don't have to store a copy of the entire internet on my hard drive to run a full node, doe.
@_date: 2014-03-09 16:55:27
No, it's like answering "bitcoin private keys can't be hacked" with "dur, *computers* can be hacked and most users will entrust their keys to the same computer they play facebook games on and receive phishing emails". Information security *is simply very hard*, and almost all of it until this decade has relied on downplaying the payoff from learning somebody's secrets. With Bitcoin, that payoff is finally direct and inexorable: making it the ultimate INFSEC asset.
Your entire second paragraph could have been just as relevant towards MtGox before they flubbed. But the "tiny percentage" bullshit *is bullshit*. BCI does not have to steal a tiny percentage of *coins* at a time, all they have to do to be a bad actor is steal a tiny percentage of *private keys* at a time and then suddenly empty them, just as they're about to be discovered.
@_date: 2014-04-03 01:33:40




The point was, "if it was your family you'd be prepared for fairly predictable outcomes of fame in a controversial market before starting an internet business where you are in charge of other people's money".
For example, don't you think politicians, rock stars, and all well known wealthy people get death threats too? They cost zilch to broadcast and the internet is full of a lot of bored teenagers, after all.
@_date: 2014-07-26 11:11:48
"[Get out of jail free card, Carl!!](@_date: 2014-07-25 01:10:12
At a guess, money has a larger chance of leading to negative side effects for people not involved in the transaction than speech does. For example, when that money is used to finance terrorism and (at least while they are banned and thus violently fought over) drugs.
I would prefer that we have far more financial freedom and privacy than we are afforded today, up to potentially complete opacity of our assets, however I do also recognize how this can potentially lead to a lot worse negative externalities than it can for speech and I have yet to figure out a good way to reconcile those things.
But in *this* case in particular, Coinbase obviously has a legal responsibility that it is pretty foolish for it's users to remain naive about: if you make it sound like you are financing crime then it will reach the ears of Law Enforcement. ;P
@_date: 2014-07-23 23:01:11
*Crappy laws like these* protect privilege, not consumers. Other laws like those outlawing homicide are pretty good at ensuring I can walk all the way to the store to purchase a gallon of milk without my life being ended during the trip.
@_date: 2014-03-25 22:22:22
I'm not saying that selective enforcement isn't immoral, but selection criteria is important to consider when choosing your path as an actor in legal space.
There's little that can be done about it either than "obey the law quite strictly" or "don't be on their radar in the first place".
Small fries with insufficient political activity to be any real thorn in the government's side will thus not be audited unless the IRS can determine they are juicy enough to audit. If you choose not to self-audit (eg, keeping receipts and accounting everything strictly) then the IRS isn't going to bug you either so long as their expense to send an accountant your way is obviously greater than what they could earn from second-guessing your small-time bartering. Coupled with this is the probability that interruption to your livelihood could negatively impact taxable income they might collect in your community. Strict enforcement has a depressive effect on residential productivity.
Large movers of money, OTOH, have incentive to basically self-audit, thus remaining proof from meaningful consequence if the IRS chooses to audit them regardless of political affiliation.
@_date: 2014-10-23 20:12:05


My entire life experience directly contravenes this point. In my life "sympathy for people who don't know about security" directly translates into "a neon, flashing arrow telling them where to shift the blame the next time they do something stupid and wish to escape consequences".
@_date: 2014-01-16 21:16:02
Uh... but decentralization is an organizational scheme. Any technology which gives you decentralization, such as Bitcoin, is solving strictly nothing beyond an organizational problem.
Every last benefit that Bitcoin offers can be described as solving a strictly organizational problem. Even the fact that Credit Card payment systems in the US fail to use challenge and response is due to the organizational problem of upgrading their protocol to chip and pin or similar.
@_date: 2014-10-17 19:27:02


The Internet is their primary channel for delivering breads and circuses, today. It's the only thing keeping the citizens apathetic and complacent.
@_date: 2014-02-23 16:42:13
How can it remove a layer of anonymity from a transaction that already requires state issued photo ID + fresh picture? Photo is biometric that anyone can either confirm or gather data to impersonate from a distance using a camera. [There is no known way to either obtain palm vein data except reading it directly, nor *any* known technology to fake an auth once you know the data]( like you can facial recognition or fingerprint.
@_date: 2014-07-25 00:48:21
I don't think that the Freedom of Speech for one person to put inciteful things in his transaction memo field is any more sacred than the Freedom of Association for Coinbase to decide who they will or will not do business with.
@_date: 2014-02-18 22:50:02
It's not as expensive to run an ATM where you only need a licence in one state as to run an exchange website or similar where you would need a licence in 48 of them (2 states apparently lack licencing requirements..)
@_date: 2014-01-28 01:14:29
Then let's just stop calling the government "government" and start calling it "an institution that resembles a government". Hooray for anarcho-capitalism.
@_date: 2014-10-08 08:56:47
I'm sorry if I was harsh, your questions did sound rhetorical at first in a "let them eat cake" sort of vein. :J
A hard fork happens when different groups of miners stop agreeing on what makes a block valid, so you wind up with different miners mining different versions of the block chain, each thinking the other is spouting nonsense.
The end-user clients, including individual PC wallets and ecommerce providers would have to figure out if they are going to stick to one chain (making it very difficult and potentially impossible to support clients paying attention to any of the other chains) or try to work out a hybrid client that could reconcile the chaos amidst the chains. 
Now over a period of time one of the chains would probably win the most converts as miners stop trying to mine a chain that offers them coins that they cannot trade on exchanges or spend at merchants who have abandoned that chain. But that may take one or more days in a worst case scenario, and tons of end users and companies will wind up in scandals where their software built around the bitcoin core can't keep up, or clients pay money but never get product, deposit but then can't withdraw, etc etc that will wind up very damaging and embarrassing to the economy at large. In the worst case scenario, possibly due to a coding or a network synchronization error that gets very hard to repair the entire processing system could fall into ruin.
Now if you plan a hard fork carefully and publish and promote software with just 2 options, you limit how crazy things can get in toto. It would be like temporarily severing and then re-attaching a limb: painful and risky and scary as hell but ultimately probably doable. If you scatter out a multitude of options it may be far too much for everybody to try to keep track of (assuming each of them wins enough converts to muddy things up) and may be much more like putting a patient through a wood chipper and then expecting to sew the bits back together in the end. :o
@_date: 2014-09-11 00:56:59
For those in the peanut gallery who may have missed it, no he's not and [here is the continuing thread describing why not]( just to keep everything in one place.
@_date: 2014-12-05 07:28:01
Downvoting comment for *also* using the R word, ew!
@_date: 2014-03-07 21:03:09
Alright, then if it were a suit I was trying to bring forward then I'm certain "talking to a lawyer" would be one step involved and he'd have advised me of the same thing. My general sentiment, give or take my wild, layman stabs in the dark is that the spirit of the law was violated at some point and the figuring out of precisely how is largely technicality.
@_date: 2014-12-26 11:35:58


400 million acres of it? EG, 625,000 square miles or 1/5 of the land area of the 48 contiguous states? *Some* of that is going to be in the middle of nowhere.
But even when you count only the cream of the crop: buy land next to infrastructure and next to population and then tell me that the land spits combines and skilled technicians out of the dirt to farm itself with. *You* have to buy all of that equipment and all of that labor separate from the base land cost, and the $500/acre Buffet predicts only represents the envelope of revenue you can expect to obtain *before these expenses*.
@_date: 2014-07-09 09:34:44


Ye gads, a majority of women in consensual sexual relationships (which it doesn't sound like you have) are laughing their asses off at you right now. xD
@_date: 2014-12-09 22:09:04
Your Pumpers line has an extraneous word "it". :J
@_date: 2014-07-25 02:14:26


To me, that's not the vital question and actually it's a bit of a strawman. The *vital* question is: does this mean that whoever cannot pay also cannot be served with justice?
In my view society draws benefit from it's civil citizens (to draw a contrast from uncivil outlaws) who through disability or circumstance are unable to directly earn their own monetary keep. In fact, I would argue that an overabundance of the value we offer to one another in society would be more expensive to account and to monetize than to provide.
In your picture these citizens would be penniless, unable to *afford* to pay for "protection" and would thus be summarily captured into chattel slavery by whomsoever felt they could squeeze illicit value out of them.
One level removed from this, whoever can *bankrupt* another person via any means can equally sap their means to fund protection and then swoop in to devour them equally into chattel slavery.
Now while it is obvious that in *the long term* a heterogenous environment of control would be best for everyone — thus that trading with a neighbor and offering them credit and forgiveness during poor weather is an investment that will yield you personally better returns over time than enslaving them would — human beings are not equipped to hew to such long term rational actions and anybody both successful and selfish enough will still prefer the short term satisfaction of exploiting, debasing, and murdering whomsoever they can subdue in this manner.
@_date: 2014-10-29 22:29:27
[Does it have The Cloud](
@_date: 2014-07-09 22:06:35


You haven't demonstrated why sex would be special in the sphere of hobbies which can become vocations. I go to work and get paid to engineer computer systems, then I go home and when I'm not being paid I engineer more computer systems just for fun.
Nothing specific about being paid to do something you enjoy precludes you from still being able to enjoy it while also turning a profit.


I've mentioned this several times now, but what about ameture pornstars? If you are shooting the video of having sex with your spouse and/or your fuckbuddies or whatever, and people are paying through the nose to watch your videos, then aside from choosing content that the end user wants to pay to see (without fickle middle-man producers involved) how is there any force involved, or even "a line of people" as you put elsewhere?
@_date: 2014-07-25 01:48:36
Also apparently regardless of whether it was stolen to begin with. Libertarian mugger takes my wallet, I yank it back, mugger accuses *me* of theft because what's in *his* possession is now sacred.
You cannot participate in this society and amass wealth without imbibing civil benefits. This is society's investment in you so of course they are entitled to their dividends by way of taxes.
But the only property law most reddit libertarians will recognize is "it's in my hands now, never mind how it got here or who I contractually owe, taking it back out of my hands defines theft".
@_date: 2014-09-21 22:25:11
or suffer buyer fraud and lose all your front money. :J
@_date: 2014-09-03 21:23:31
Nuke the site from orbit *and continue nuking it forever*. It's the only way to be sure. ;3
@_date: 2014-12-22 13:04:14
This is bullshit - you're oversimplifying a complex situation to the point of no longer adding anything useful to the discussion. :P
@_date: 2014-12-19 21:20:14
"Like a lunatic". Yep, basically every time I feel the need to run the "is this a buttcoin troll who is incapable of communicating in anything but insults (or a throwaway troll of the same stripe)" search, it comes up positive.
@_date: 2014-07-18 23:22:21
**TL;DR**: for small amounts a bank may *elect* to eat your loss in good faith, but the more irresponsible consumers in aggregate are clicking on phishing links  and giving out their banking info to Nigerian princes or getting malware on their PCs and such, the less likely banks are to do this and the *more* likely you'd have to take them to court to settle your losses: and even then the law does not blindly side with the consumer. You would have to prove that *the bank did something negligent* or that their security processes were not sufficiently commercially reasonable.
Because if they *were* commercially reasonable, then you're just out your money, chump.
@_date: 2014-08-17 00:48:01
Yeah, that would be nice. We all have the right to be shit-eating assholes, but most of us repeatedly elect not to exercise that right. You should try it sometime or else you're no less shitty than Coindesk.
@_date: 2014-09-17 23:44:53
.. but you don't understand. The bot is reflecting troll garbage from another sub, which is what we don't like. The *maker* of the bot did not intend this behavior.
In fact, that inspires me: we could just contact the bot maker and ask them to filter the troll subs out of reflection to this sub (assuming bot every comes back online to begin with, that is lol). :J
@_date: 2014-12-14 12:57:31
Right, but how about some of the folks on his label like [Phonat]( :O
(Until this post I never knew that Owsla had anything to do with Skrillex, just that it was a word often said in the vicinity of Phonat. :/ )
@_date: 2014-03-25 22:25:00
Making dinner (increasing value of property I hold via personal labor) is not a taxable event at any scale, unless/until I'm selling/trading/swapping that dinner with a separate taxable entity.
You could call Pot-luck a taxable event, if you'd like, yes. However those are unlikely to reach annual minimum thresholds. By the time they did you would be basically running a food redistribution business and you'd better bet your jolly ass the IRS will want to know it's financials. ;3
@_date: 2014-12-29 22:10:43
Or alternately it might be because you are pulling strawman generalizations out of your ass to assign to everybody reading your comment (by dint of which subreddit we are in) and then trying to insult everybody for not living up to the generalizations you've prescribed.
Spending time in any forum dedicated to X and insulting everybody who enjoys X is basically the definition of trolling. It doesn't have to do with disagreement, because you can ask questions or debate any points you'd like as long as you're not flinging generalizations or insults at people who have done nothing but direct their web browsers at the forum or get involved with a topic that they happen to enjoy.
@_date: 2014-03-14 22:04:20


I don't.. I don't understand, do you expect that whoever that one nasty commenter turns out to be, that he/she reads Techcrunch, and will feel ashamed instead of lulzy?
Unmoderated comments fill with whatever is not allowed in moderated forums just as water flows downhill. Incidentally, that's why I stepped down as mod. Hate, spam, trolling, that's where it all happens simply because that's where it can.
This forum in question is not ours, so we cannot moderate it. Beyond that what control do we have over what arbitrarily chosen people vent about? The internet is full of morons, some subset of those also happen to like Bitcoin and be upset with Leah. That's about the end of the similarities between the adults you are addressing and the nobodies making these comments.
@_date: 2014-11-29 22:48:22
I think among the available solutions, one they should try is BIP 0032 HD wallet so that there *is* no change of data unless your importing watch-only addresses or summat. :P
@_date: 2014-09-14 12:01:46
It's not a lie, any more than "you can fly like a bird just by building a winged machine" is. It's just a statement you've couched in a misleading fashion. It takes a helluva lot of work to build a machine that can make you fly, and it takes hella powerful hardware to run the software which could earn you $10k BTC rewards in any reasonable time frame.
If you would like to say "I think the video should be careful to focus less on mining because newbs will get the wrong idea and think that free money is available to them" then I would be inclined to agree. But granted, it *is* difficult to describe the network which secures all Bitcoin transactions without mentioning miners, and it is additionally difficult to mention miners without newbs drawing the wrong conclusions.
But the rest of your post:


is blatantly and demonstrably false. Firstly, Bitcoin is seamlessly convertible to every major currency on earth. So, if you can buy USD with Bitcoin (or euro, yen, rubles, pesos, oz of gold/silver, etc) then that in turn can buy anything else literally in the world.
Bitcoin is however accepted a little more directly (and thus conveniently) at Overstock, NewEgg, Dell, MemoryDealers (and thus Bitcoinstore), TigerDirect, Expedia, CheapAir, Namecheap, BigFish Games, 1-800 flowers, REEDS Jewelers, Foodler, DISH Network, the Chicago Sun-Times, with potentially hundreds more Braintree merchants including AirBNB and Uber (who have already voiced support) coming online in the next few months and tens of thousands of more services from every VPN company in the world to half the hosting and digital delivery services in the world, and small bars and shops and online stores and bed and breakfasts and such peppered about the globe, but I'm trying to stick to listing the big names you'd be more likely to either recognize or directly patronize without having to know a thing about you.
Alternately you can use Bitcoin to rapidly (as in, at point of sale rapidly) purchase gift cards with 3% points back at either [Gyft]( or [eGifter]( to shop at Amazon, Target, CVS Pharmacy, Whole Foods, Burger King, Red Robin, Chilis, Applebees, Sears, JC Penny, K-Mart, Home Depot, Lowes, Barnes N Noble, both Fandango and Regal Cinemas, Best Buy, The Gap, American Airlines, Hyatt Hotels &amp; Resorts, Carnival Cruise Lines, Staples, Toys R Us, Domino's Pizza, Papa Johns,  IHOP, I .. look, just I got tired of copying them all down so I put the merchant list in links at the start of this paragraph, okay?
And this may be more limited than the 50 year old credit card network but it is far less limited than credit card adoption was 5 years into their run. [Here's a look at American Express beginning to do business in the UK 13 years after the first Diners Club card was used in the US, for example.](
@_date: 2014-09-17 21:54:15
No, OP meant Gift Cards as in the card form of Gift Certificates.
@_date: 2014-02-11 06:15:30
He wasn't "shut down by the feds" at all, but he was [issued a cease and desist order by the Commonwealth of Virginia]( where his enterprise was initially hosted. He took down his service promptly upon this challenge and began to engage with them to clarify their request.
@_date: 2014-09-21 22:22:10




Confirmed. Older than digital dirt.
@_date: 2014-04-21 09:33:37
Former mod here, stepped down over my own irreconcilable ideological differences with Theymos' lazy fair (sp) approach to running a community. I endorse ThePiachu as a good egg. I've never witnessed him doing anything untoward on purpose (only exception being one time in hot water with admins over what he didn't realize was a submission title encouraging vote behavior: they worked it all out though, and mistakes are for learning from). I don't believe he has his hands in the bitcointalk pie at all, just Theymos there.
Don't have a lot else to report, but as many of you probably also feel if we were each in charge, I would not simply trust communal downvoting and reports to do all the work for me. In my view it is a mod's job to set and enforce policies which focus discussion and which discourage attention trolling, pandering, emotional manipulation, and the like. et al are good at keeping the gardens clean and uncontroversially weeded, for example. Here we just get so much circlejerk and countercirclejerk that discussion can't really happen.
@_date: 2014-05-12 21:30:09
Then you are a troll, and no better than the settlers. Have fun with that, btw. :D
@_date: 2014-08-28 22:16:55
Mmm, in the spirit of your comment I will now make a retort containing an apparently entirely excusable technical inaccuracy about what you've just said, so that you can't call me out on it without also proving yourself a hypocrite. \*clears throat\*
Why, would you shove rotten avacados up your mother's arse? Can't you at least use fresh ones, or make an effort to disinfect things first? I mean it just sounds entirely disrespectful to her health from where I stand.
@_date: 2014-12-14 04:36:24


Don't know who these people are. *shrugs*
@_date: 2014-07-23 23:52:40
The negatives I am aware of include mostly friction around Coinbase's ACH process. I haven't heard it in almost a year now but there were many complaints early on of people getting their bitcoin purchases wrongly flagged "high risk" and canceled. USD returned via ACH but sometimes missed opportunity to cash in on Bitcoin price changes. It's happened to me twice total, out of many dozens of perfectly fine transactions.
My boss also had so many problems trying to buy in or sell out with canceled orders that he gave up on them. I'm sure one difference between he and I is that he would try to work with much higher volumes than I normally would with little pre-amble, he basically tried to use them to day-trade. ;3   But to be fair there should be no challenge to support high volume, unpredictable buy and sell orders either.
@_date: 2014-02-23 15:02:52
I can buy Euros without the seller knowing who I am and without providing proof of said identity? Really?
I buy or sell gold at the local coin trader in person, and they have to have my ID scanned every time and I'm on camera the whole time I'm in the shop. That is Photo + ID, the same thing that Robocoin ATM requires.
@_date: 2014-01-01 00:50:39
Right.. but the title of this post is "why". Some other people are offering their opinions as to why, while you're just sitting here counter-jerking.
If "there are A LOT of reasons to not support bitcoin" why not try naming them? 
@_date: 2014-02-15 00:52:23
I don't see it in numerals, no. I do see it in Mac Addresses though, for non-cisco hardware! :3
@_date: 2014-01-15 16:29:10
You should be nominated for some TL;DR awards banquet. :D
+2 mbtc
@_date: 2014-11-10 21:19:51
Yep, you're s'posed to [sell out to BFL]( or gain a doomsayer rep that you can sell out to Karples or Trent or something and then tell e'eryone "except for this venture here, this is the one shining light of bitcoin" or some jack and then just roll in the kickbax. ;3
@_date: 2014-09-03 06:19:18


Says who? She licences videos and photography taken of her, that's what she gets paid for. Additionally the companies she licences that content to hold copyright so that other companies can't just use her face to sell their own products.
Where in this business model do you view her body suddenly becoming public domain? Has she ever sold nudes before, and if not (eg, she's never done business using her nude body) then why would that not be personal? If she did business using her bank account would that stop being personal? It certainly would not become "public", but what I fear is that you are confusing "personal" with private.
While most things personal are private, not all things private are personal. I share my business credit card data with a merchant to authorize a transaction which is certainly impersonal but that does not impune it's "privacy", and [it is still a scandal if that data gets broadcast without our permission]( for which my company would get recompense if we sustained monetary losses as a direct result. Of course Bitcoin is less *vulnerable* to identity theft due to smaller attack surface area but that doesn't mean that a celebrity's credit card number "belongs to the public" and neither should any other information they take reasonable steps to secure control over.
@_date: 2014-01-01 02:43:38
Apparent trademark infringement is always a bad foot to start off on. If I were a smallish startup, I'm pretty sure I would choose a brand name in harmony with a domain name I could actually get. 
The only reason not to in this case would be to get a boost from whatever buzz snapcard.com was initially drumming up.
I would say "at least they didn't chose therealsnapcardforreallyreals.blogspot.com", but then the medium.com PR isn't far from it either.
But keep in mind: I am not trying to say it's impossible for them to be a good service, I am only saying that it's impossible for a fresh impression like me to gain the intel we would need to differentiate them from joinvisa.itstotallylegit.com, and that I think that a trustworthy presentation is hella important to people if you expect to handle their money for them.
Do you disagree?
@_date: 2014-07-21 22:51:30
But [according to the NIST FR4009 house fire experiment]( typical house fires do not exceed 1400F.
@_date: 2014-07-21 21:49:21
As much as you talk in your article about the importance of trust, it sounds as though VenomSpike's complaint illustrates how that model breaks down in a global market of disparate values. 
If Stripe allowed Bitcoin payments in addition to it's Credit Card payment model (or if the people renting the cloud storage partnered with somebody who does, like Coinbase or Bitpay in addition to Stripe) then this customer's entire complaint would dissolve: He would pay in Bitcoin, host would get their fiat, and there would be neither moral policing nor fear of *credit card chargeback fraud* risk to be had.
@_date: 2014-07-25 01:35:09


He is moving money and labeling it's purpose using the names of illegal activities.
You might as well drop your child off at school with a black eye, and when people look your way in disbelief you hilariously tell them not to worry, you just got drunk and knocked her lights out last night is all.
@_date: 2014-12-09 22:35:24


... people who call our entire topic garbage and who take perverse pleasure in forcing others to get overemotional, but cannot seem to spend any of their time doing anything but wallow in what they overtly perceive as sewage.
Either your life is *so* incredibly hopeless that you can only feel better about yourself by bullying others about the most boring possible topics (internet crypto-finance? Really?!), or maybe your creepy interest in the failure of others is being bankrolled. But who knows or cares? Go crawl back under the bridge where you belong so that we can poor some molten slag over you.
@_date: 2014-01-05 06:56:13
He never called you silly, I thought his post was very polite.
Also, I am curious why you think that Bitcoin's value relies in the slightest on drug markets or speculation.
You seem to be comparing Bitcoin to Credit cards by cherry picking the most obtuse use cases you can think of. Who says a prepaid card will be worth something in 6 months if Greendot files bankruptcy or closes your account without notice? Depending on how much you put in the $5/mo maintenance fees will drain it over time regardless.
Have you ever tried paying for Zynga with Credit card from another country? How about people that don't want to give Facebook and it's third party app developers all the information they would require to commit financial identity theft?
Bitcoin's value is not a popularity contest, it is a testament to the strength and reliability of it's cryptographic properties. It's balances are the first wholly digital asset ever conceived that can be instantly traded across the globe but never duplicated or counterfeited, even by any corruptible central agency. The only other systems capable of the same are the alts which also lack the millions of dollars of infrastructure and merchant adoption already invested in the Bitcoin-specific ecosystem.
So that value may be dashed if the crypto is broken or if the engine stops turning. Short of that, "bad PR" cannot kill Bitcoin, or we'd have already been dead by 2012 wouldn't we? :P
EDIT: I see he called you silly in unrelated post [here]( but that was in relation to your whining about probably never getting a [real response](
@_date: 2014-02-11 06:11:37


I don't know about that bit, there's no reason these site owners would not report back to the community what regulatory issues they've run into regarding escrow. FastCash4BTC did.
@_date: 2014-09-21 22:18:48
I get it, the punchline of your joke is that a woman can't write comedy. is that it? x3
@_date: 2014-12-07 18:23:41
[That]( has nothing to do with "somebody fucking up an IP address". They had code relying on a third party to reflect WAN IP and the third party went out of business. If moviefone goes out of businesses and you wind up getting their local number, you're going to get a large volume of wrong calls for awhile until everybody's updated their rolodexes.
But at no point did this bug represent a security problem nor would it have if a bad actor had picked up that IP address. If you want to know the IPs of other bitcoin nodes, just run your own peer and you will collect them.
@_date: 2014-01-30 01:44:14
Depending on how much "your share" is. It's never fun to win the lottery when family and friends are jealous of and/or pressure against your relationship to them to bleed a majority of that to *each* of them. From their perspective, this is basically no different.
For example, as soon as you hear "if you loved me, you'd give me half" 3 times your demand exceeds your supply no matter how magnanimous you feel.
@_date: 2014-01-23 00:27:15
You have misread OP's post. He is not telling anyone not to mine. He is telling them *to* mine, to mine at a loss if they choose in order to continue supporting the network, and furthermore how to help prevent 51% attacks by using a mining-specific weapon against overbloated pools.
@_date: 2014-09-11 01:42:56


OP is asking about spending money at overstock.com, cheapair.com, and expedia.com. Are you suggesting that instead of card they stuff some cash into an envelope?


No, you look at it again. You cannot push cash through a computer monitor. Bitcoin may be equally buyer-fraud-cost-resistant to cash but it can do that both in person and around the world and it can do that on the smartphone already in your pocket instead of sorting and then rifling through paper notes and round metal slugs in your pocket.
Maybe we need to review the pros and cons again. Shall we?
  | Cash | Card | Bitcoin
No exposure to identity theft when you transact | ✓ | | ✓  
Resists buyer fraud (and it's 3-[30%]( costs)| ✓ | | ✓
Exchange rates between all currencies are inexpensive (&lt;1-2%) | | | ✓
Customers do not require positive reputation with conflict-of-interest banking oligopoly to transact | ✓ | |✓
Does not require physical security to materially deter theft | | ✓ | ✓
Can transact in person | ✓ | ✓ | ✓
**Can transact at a distance** |  | ✓ | ✓
That final line item is the most important one (combined with line items above which make Bitcoin both *safer* and *cheaper* to transact online..) because our economy is blossoming into one where a lion's share of money movement is no longer done face to face. So why tie your funds up in a physical form that has to be brought back to the ATM eventually once you realize the thing you want to buy is cheaper online after all?
@_date: 2014-07-23 22:57:14
Red herring is the shitty tactic you are engaging in.
The man says "I really hate this!" And then later edits, to say "I really *really* hate this!". Is this a technical foul? Sure, the world would be smoother if every tiny edit were accompanied by a changelog and sometimes people are just too lazy to do that. 
But you are not accusing him of the disservice of clarifying what he edited, you are accusing him of changing the *thrust* of his argument which is categorically incorrect. In fact, that outcome would be the only reason that anybody would ever give a damn about the technicality of clarifying what you've edited: to make sure if the new content has any contrast whatsoever to the old content.
@_date: 2014-10-08 09:22:20
Yeah, and last century "Music Television" played music while today the name means nothing.. just like "Journalism".
@_date: 2014-07-20 02:01:48
They aren't talking about charging interest, they are talking about loaning out money not held at the bank.
For example, I accept Alice's deposit of $100, (being the only depositor that means I only have $100 physically on hand) then loan out $1,000 to Bob and display this as his balance. So long as he's not physically withdrawing more than the $100 I have on hand (and neither is Alice) then nobody has to realize that I am for all practical purposes entirely insolvent.
@_date: 2014-06-13 16:34:12
Nope, but running your own P2P node does require running a copy of bitcoin core, [as well as other work]( 
@_date: 2014-02-04 21:13:41
No, it's BTC/USD price has been off more than 20% for months now. Most people use Bitstamp or bitcoinaverage for spot prices today.
Hell, Kitco (one of the most popular sites for Precious Metal spot prices) [now has a Bitcoin ticker]( to boot.
@_date: 2014-12-22 12:46:44


Yup. It also assumes the second law of thermodynamics, and energy conservation, and P not getting demonstrated to be congruent to NP. And it assumes the impossibility of magic and time travel and perfect oracles and false vacuum events.
But I would certainly love to rely on those bottlenecks at the firmament of modern math, computing and physics instead of "oops, didn't use enough dozens of bits of entropy in my key material. Whoopsy-doopsy!" xD
@_date: 2014-12-12 21:41:25
Well, neither of these gateways bill a penny for accepting bitcoin on your behalf, and they only bill the 1% for the volume that you convert to fiat.


Because you are underestimating the value of the following non-trivial services the merch providers hand out for free:
* Invoicing: generating a unique payment address for each customer transaction, monitoring the address for payment fulfilled, emailing the customer with receipt, supporting customers who only partially pay for whatever reason or perform other errors and seek a refund, etc.
* calculating BTC amount based off quoted USD price
* Keeping customer-facing automated payment receipt infrastructure as secure as possible, including responsible reaction to unusual blockchain events such as hardfork. I recall sitting in IRC as the Mar 2013 hardfork went down in response to 0.8 client exposing a bug in 0.7 client. Most major providers and exchanges were in the call, and coordinated with core devs to suspend deposits and withdrawals for safety until the fork resolved. OKPay was not in the call, and got a doublespend deposit for their inattentiveness.
Yes, of course you *can* do all of this yourself. That is the beauty of bitcoin, you can roll your own with sweat instead of trust and money. But since these features *cost* no money and sweat does, and since the only risk surface area is the total volume of mis-handled sales prior to detecting a problem and stopping it (same surface area to doing it yourself and messing up, incidentally..) 
Oh yeah! I forgot one of the absolute killer benefits of using the merch providers: **not having to accept 100% of the proceeds as bitcoin if you want revenue to both currencies**. Some of these vendors bills can be paid in Bitcoin (especially to each other, should they choose) and some can be paid in fiat. So you might as well convert the minimum needed (only paying 1% for the amount converted) and receive precisely the right amounts to fill your coffers at the correct rates.


In this case at the very least, OP makes sense while you are spouting all of the factual errors and thus earning your downvotes like a champ. I'll do my best to fill in what you don't appear to understand, but I can't unsour your grapes for you.
@_date: 2014-09-29 06:36:31
I dunno Peewee, I think it would be a challenge even if it were not doodled over thanks to low resolution and jpg compression artifacting. Remember that the private key QR code is represented by a much smaller portion of the image than the address part, even while representing more bits of encoded information. We're at the point where each 8x8 pixel block has to display 3x3 or greater block of blurred, aliased, source data.
@_date: 2014-12-21 07:54:45
I think a requirement of that goal would be some kind of killer feature that you get to advertise to people, and tell them "**If** you take the personal responsibility to learn about how Bitcoin and the Blockchain works and run your own wallet software and secure your own keys (which should be totally optional just to own or transact notes), **then** here is a killer feature that no lesser mortal could do!"
Now what kind of killer feature could act as that sort of a wedge? I can't think of any just now. But I'm sure many possibilities certainly exist. :J
@_date: 2014-08-06 03:25:43
Hey, don't wipe that self-hatred bs on me, bra. Nobody forced you into at gunpoint, the door is that way. --&gt;
@_date: 2014-12-09 02:15:00
This is what regulatory capture looks like. Shut down all of the lemonade stands until five year olds get business licenses, food handler's training and register as state-approved distributors of citrus fruits and citrus beverage commodities.
Because the huge institutions that are already tax avoiding and terrorist financing for the right clientele don't want competition from innovative upstarts too small to handle the expense and red tape.
@_date: 2014-07-09 20:18:07
We are discussing what you find so different between sex work and other forms of sex or other forms of work. "Relationships" are, last time I checked, other forms of sex against which it is your responsibility to contrast.
The statement of yours that I focused on made no such contrast, and implied that your view was founded in sheer sex negativity. If that is not your view then *you* must clarify what your view is.
@_date: 2014-08-27 00:38:02
It sounds brilliant to me.
Merchants save 1-3% off of Bitcoin business.
They could offer 1-3% discounts on all Bitcoin purchases, but customers get easily confused and can't measure the benefit to them on something like that.
So if you instead offer 10-30% discounts 10% of the time, customers can understand that and begin adopting Bitcoin to take advantage of said promotions, and then as they wind up with odd Bitcoin balances over time they'll spend those on you at regular price too. :3
@_date: 2014-01-06 03:30:12


That sounds perfect to me, and I won't disagree with your evaluation. If your stealth and imposing guard animals combined are enough to keep the IRS at bay when you evade your taxes, then I'm not even mad. ;3


I agree that that is terribly unfortunate. Understand that I am not arguing in favor of our system being fair or not-broken, it's very broken. All I am arguing is that it will not be changed by imitating the corrupt, and you wouldn't be doing any favors to the rest of us who fail to have the option to just emigrate to banditvampire, Saginaw. :P


You do benefit when the State and Federal governments decide not to dismantle their military and police forces and invite whomever wishes to to sweep over the land looting as they please, cutting off your lines of trade with the surrounding united states and basically putting your chihuahuas and your two fists on the front lines against a siege of looters. ;3
@_date: 2014-07-21 23:42:00
is advocating not for himself (clicking through just to get a preview image *is* annoyingly archaic, though) but for the lowest common denominator user that this thread is specifically talking about.
Ease of use is a factor in security whether you like it or not, because it doesn't do *you* any good to be secure if it requires you to use such an unfriendly software stack that nobody else will touch it. This is why encrypted email *still* hasn't become popular over the past .. what, *twenty* years since PGP was invented?
People — even though most of them aren't very bright — are still a more powerful and more valuable resource than code.
So, this means that we have to *make security more user friendly*. If you're exposing a package manager to newbies, maybe have it show the preview images a little more naturally and maybe have it hide the components with no user-facing interface by default. What is that such a hassle? Would it not also aid seasoned users who don't have the time to sort through irrelevant crap?
@_date: 2014-08-27 00:55:43
Unlike Bitcoin, the Nasdaq exchange is a centralized organization (NASDAQ OMX) that [holds and enforces a trademark over it's name](
In fact, I cannot find any data clarifying that Nasdaq.com is not related to NASDAQ OMX, but I know that the exchange would not allow just anybody to use their trademark.
@_date: 2014-12-19 03:16:44
Coinbase also sends immediately from hot wallet .. *when it's not run dry*. The point is what does either company do when any sudden, unpredictable spate of instant withdrawal requests drains out the hot wallet faster than employees can work to free enough cold wallet funds to keep things liquid? You get a delay is what happens.
@_date: 2014-12-24 01:21:36
I think that the phrase "The system (Bitcoin Network) is trustless" can lead to a lot of misunderstandings. What it *means* is that any one agent in the network following all of the rules in the protocol does not need to trust any other individual agent of the network (and only needs to trust the consensus of the swarm to act in an aggregate self-interest) in order to either keep one's own coins safe or to unilaterally transfer coins into the control of a new address.
But every time the "agent" falls back a level of responsibility, that act of delegating responsibility elsewhere adds trust where it was never actually *required* by the Bitcoin Network.
That is true when people delegate control over their funds to a web wallet, or to a fiat exchange, or pay a merchant without any checks or balances to help ensure they hold up their end of the bargain. But it is also true when they delegate the responsibility of both keeping their private keys safe and following the rules of the protocol to their computer hardware and software with so much distance that they view these items through the telescope of "trusting other people".
So, for folks who are insufficiently computer savvy to do a *really* good job of either defending themselves from malware or solidly vetting the free, open source software that they run to perform their transactions, then they will have to extend an olive branch of trust somewhere. Either to another security-minded person who can vet their system or choice of software, or to forums full of experts who review software, or to Circle or others like them to act as an erstwhile bank which apparently insures deposits, etc.
But for me, the promise of Bitcoin has nothing to do with "zero risk, zero responsibility" — there exists no solution which offers that. The promise is the *capacity* to take on additional responsibility if you choose in order to alter the risk profile. And then even if you do *not* choose to entertain that capacity yourself, you can still benefit due to operating in the same spaces as services who may choose to do so in your place. So even if you trust your coins to some banklike institution, you can still spend them instantly from your phone to innovative services like Cointip or sendbitcoin.mx or Openbazaar which literally could not have existed without the freedoms this platform provides them.
Put another way, Bitcoin is not the facebook of money but it is the TCP/IP of money. It's hard to sell TCP/IP to end-users on it's bare metal benefits, they have to have the vision to understand what new services can grow from such a platform and how these services roots can fit snugly here. :3
@_date: 2014-01-26 17:45:12
1&gt; I'll look into it, but 2&gt; 2% fee is more expensive than Gyft's 3% points back. :O
@_date: 2014-10-06 12:05:21
This post yes, but original post was suggesting that stability at a low price was a superior state of affairs over a rocky climb to a high price, and that is the point I'd have to disagree with.
In particular, stability just can't be a luxury we get to enjoy until our currency is much, much bigger. As long as confidence in Bitcoin translates into a natural rise in the price floor, that rise in and of itself would disrupt whatever stability the "stabilists" claim caused the confidence in the first place.
Whatever confidence we win has to be won *in spite* of volatility for the time being.
@_date: 2014-02-09 03:54:07
I'd give them a listen if they ever actually *said* anything.
Anyone here know a reason they have bothered to give?
@_date: 2014-07-09 10:01:11
Also known as the [What The Fuck Blanket](
@_date: 2014-02-25 15:51:37
Woops, I meant per second. My calculation is at ~1kb per txn, ~1MB per block that is 1000 txn per 10 minutes = 600 seconds, or 1 txn per 0.6 seconds maximal.
@_date: 2014-06-26 00:40:32
He means exactly what he said in TFA: "regulated *and issued by a central bank*".
He may as well have said, "Yes the Internet looks very interesting and my company will buy a fleet of them once they have 4-door models."
@_date: 2014-08-05 00:54:40
Nope. Football, like most competitive sports are merely a *simulation* of war.
The United States very much employs this reasoning, by pro-actively policing the world in order to repel any potential opposition before it can fully form.
@_date: 2014-12-14 04:55:26
The network was also relatively low in noteriety so nobody with a few thousand dollars to blow could launch a 51% attack either for shits and giggles or to legitimately profit from somebody, up to and including defaming the competition. :3
@_date: 2014-12-22 22:12:16
Well, at minimum Bitcoin-qt (the original reference client) certainly does. For other wallets, I would do a google search for and/or ask their tech support about [RFC-6979]( compliance.
But in practice I would be surprised if any downloadable (eg, not web-hosted) wallets listed on bitcoin.org's [choose your wallet page]( I would at least start there. :)
@_date: 2014-02-24 23:55:09
No, what I am asking is whether or not liquor is a potential money substitute product. Generally, booze depreciates so much when you drive it off the lot, and it's difficult enough to transport that you cannot in any practical sense pass it about in lieu of cash like you can with diamonds and precious metals and Bitcoin.
Once it's a money substitute intent no longer matters. You will be held liable to AML / KYC laws.
Since you sell booze, you actually know this drill better than most of us! If an LEO sting can send a teenager in to purchase alcohol without having their age checked via ID, then you're hosed. It's the same with money substitutes. If an LEO sting can exchange more than $X worth through your service without your confirming their identity (eg, 2 transactions below the threshold that add up to more than the threshold) then you're hosed. 
@_date: 2014-12-22 13:10:53
OP image did not even begin to address the question of "where", though "on the dyson sphere" would make the most sense. The problem is that housing a lot of silicon is not the bottleneck in this equation. The bottleneck is *powering* that silicon.
Stop and think about trying to power a neptune-radius dyson sphere worth of Pentium i7's. Each i7 gets "the surface area of an i7" worth of solar radiation, and not even that amount as viewed from earth but *from Neptune* where the Sun offers you less radiation than *moonlight* does on Earth.
OP image does away with worrying about what kind of computer chip, or how many of them, and just says "if you drain our entire sun and use every joule of energy from it to power the absolute most efficient computer gear physically possible (far more efficient than any i7, btw!) with absolutely zero (bazinga!) loss to heat, you would still lack the energy to *ever* count that high.
@_date: 2014-01-26 19:04:19
There must always be a regional monopoly on force, since force cannot bow to market pressure. Instead the market bows to force.
@_date: 2014-02-11 23:47:56
If you're able to point a little more specifically it would help. Bitcointalk doesn't bubble upvoted content so I have to wade through the equivilent of a spammy for the next few hours just to find something relevant.
Only thing I've seen yet is the single user report [here]( Keep in mind, if the flood of malled transactions and 1enjoy 1sochi spam are a concerted effort by somebody to either harm the network or dump the price for cheap buy-in then false reports of software behavior by unknown users to fan rumor is also possible and worth defending against when gathering news data.
To that end, reproducible tests and confirmations by well known names would be what I would trust to confirm any direct misbehavior in bitcoind (and cross posting any of that back to this sub would be gold). Unfortunately Bitstamp's press release is still too ambiguous to trip my suspicion on this, since "inconsistency in bitcoind balance" does not clarify what it is inconsistent compared to.
EDIT: Was pointed to [this discussion of the matter on Reddit](
@_date: 2014-09-29 06:06:45


So who mined the most bitcoins then, people doing it on a lark on old hardware or people devoting 100% of their effort into starting a new Bitcoin-based service business?
There has never been a snapshot of time when one person bringing more mining effort online did not slice into the pie everybody else got to try to claim. So the *only* reason recreational mining ever could have shown profit is because there were not enough professionals after the same investment *at that time*.
@_date: 2014-09-27 23:13:26
Most banks do the same for adults. I don't have a minimum balance on my account, nor do I have to link it to savings or do strange rituals moving money back and forth into and out of savings (although WF *was* wanting me to pull said bullshit before I left them for a local CU!)
But the criteria for *either* of those niceties is a spotless credit record on the adults' side. Sure, I have that, so my son has a free bank account (that he never uses and constantly loses the debit card to) but not everybody does.
@_date: 2014-01-26 18:48:32
Too bad Singapore seems to be taking such a narrow view of Bitcoin then. It sounds like they have their ducks in a row regarding individual control over wealth in other areas. :o
@_date: 2014-03-25 22:26:52
Right. How about Google Voice? You basically get a different telephone number for every Google Account (EG, Gmail account) that you establish without them catching on, and they are both capable of and quite good at SMS.
@_date: 2014-02-23 15:22:35
They would if they vended universally convertible money in large denominations.
@_date: 2014-07-01 18:25:49
This. If my money isn't green enough for them to spend a half an hour setting up bitpay, bips or coinbase to receive it as well as potentially hundreds of thousands of usd more from others like me then bankruptcy must not be a concern for them.
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:51:54
Show me anybody saying that payment in Bitcoin somehow magically prevents the payee from thereafter deviating from your wishes.
@_date: 2014-02-04 21:19:43
Your post confuses me. 
At the end of the day having [half as much trade volume as Bitstamp]( doesn't mean anything, because trade volume can easily be fudged by house bots. Hell, I could start an exchange with no deposits or withdraws where I perform 1 BTC trades with myself a trillion times per second if I choose.
The real story is deposits and withdraws, which Gox has gotten worse and worse at until recently, it's hard to tell if any are executing at all.
@_date: 2014-09-21 22:42:06


a&gt; the few people who still know how to wring some value out of said dollars
b&gt; doesn't matter. Anybody who can still trade things of *actual* value, like goods or services can easily get bitcoin in a scenario where fiat loses trust. Do work, get paid in BTC, exchange BTC to pay your dues. Wonky exchange rate against dying USD makes price discovery difficult? Then just use the rate against something more stable like Gold or Gasoline or Big Macs.
@_date: 2014-12-29 21:45:27
Mixed drugs are the responsibility of the seller while misuse of drugs understood by the buyer are the responsibility of the buyer. Nobody was comparing "what is more dangerous", they were comparing whether or not the distributor is ultimately responsible for harm just for selling a product in an utterly voluntary transaction.
A screwdriver can kill you just as dead as heroine can if you stab yourself (or somebody else) in the jugular with one, but the fault lies not with ACE hardware in that case but with the person wielding the screwdriver in a dangerous fashion.
@_date: 2014-12-14 13:09:18


This describes some of the best things in life. Friendships, relationships, shoes, you name it! xD
@_date: 2014-03-03 17:58:10
This from the same guy who offered the *guarantee* that he has an informed opinion, as well as a *guarantee* of why we don't respect it.
Why don't you cite some of your sources that demonstrate the depth of his knowledge of Bitcoin? (cue Jeopardy theme music)
@_date: 2014-08-05 01:45:26
is incorrect, those are the same event.
Tor Mail *was* hosted at Freedom Hosting.
@_date: 2014-03-03 22:53:17
When I said "no longer qualifies" I mean that 2014 investments would no longer consider to be investing into a bubble. Do you agree to that? Or.. is this whole Internet thing just an unexpectedly long fad? õ_O
@_date: 2014-05-13 01:19:14
But you're forgetting context.
OP's topic is "I believe that it is worthless to celebrate merchants accepting bitcoin". I counter that, if some merchant in your area arbitrarily decided that they wanted to accept Bitcoin, and in doing so you could pay them in BTC and avoid some conversion costs, that that would most likely be welcome to you wouldn't it?
It's not a matter of "never gonna happen", it's only a matter of "if it happened, would you purposely avoid spending your bitcoin in that manner as OP is claiming he would".
@_date: 2014-01-16 21:10:28
You mean like .porn? :P
@_date: 2014-01-28 22:20:04
The World Wide Web has a [Consortium]( Electrical Engineering has [an institute]( and Internet Engineering has [a Task Force](
The goals and structures of all of these organizations are similar to that of the bitcoin foundation: the primary businesses and developers who directly interact with the technology and protocols in question focus their efforts together to cleanly maintain the protocol standards.
@_date: 2014-08-09 00:52:35
[The buttpicker troll who posted it]( felt it was so obviously a waste of time that he could get a laugh, but yea.. even the other comments there are all pleasantly surprised and supportive. x3
@_date: 2014-04-14 19:42:36
And you seem to be putting words in my mouth.
I am not urging anybody to do anything, bitcoin.org is and I'm just reporting back on that.
@_date: 2014-12-17 23:39:54
I'm curious what avenues of revenue you guys are checking out in place of premium accounts? Whatever those are, perhaps it's something Bitcoin could play a roll in? :3
@_date: 2014-02-28 11:02:37
Well, I live in the US. We have a routing number instead of a sort code, and account + routing number is generally all a person needs to ACH your account here. Also, every exchange I've ever signed up for requires photo ID + utility bill, so if the UK variant needs acct+sort+address then the exchange would have that, is all I'm saying.
One of the draws to Bitcoin for US coiners is that we honestly have zero "push" payment methods (except perhaps for paypal), and nothing but "pull" methods that can only be reversed in special instances (such as credit card but not debit card).
@_date: 2014-09-30 23:09:21
.. except that it lacks the nutritional value that God bestowed upon pond scum...
@_date: 2014-07-16 21:20:59
Alternately, it makes a big difference to anybody doing a chain of bitcoin transactions. Such as buy BTC here, send it as remittance oversees, receiver has to sell it again there. that 1% improvement means 1% total lower fees in the whole stack.
@_date: 2014-07-24 01:28:01
By all means, show me this multisig wallet which is as easy to use as Coinbase and is secure against bad actors for reasons besides "we said so" or "here's a list of escrow providers, and I swear all these guys aren't just sockpuppets".
@_date: 2014-08-17 00:51:10
@_date: 2014-12-15 07:41:12
Alternately, since most of us are pretty good at physical security, take the seed backup as a list of words (12 or 23 randomly chosen words, I can't recall how many) write those down and store them safely (under bed, in safe, safe deposit box, whatever) and potentially in more than one place.
Then if your phone is ever lost you can restore the wallet from that backup list of words on any device (and if your phone could have been taken by a crook, immediately sweep your funds into a *different* brand new wallet/seed beyond their control :P)
@_date: 2014-09-03 21:33:27
It says "a community for 3 years", so yeah. We've always had a butt. :P
@_date: 2014-07-14 21:03:46
Yes, the blockchain does require "people to mine" in order to continue functioning. No, the fate of the blockchain is not decided by "whomever has the greatest mining power today", especially if the change in question is a shift in the hashing algo which would render 99% of the computing hardware mining the current fork from being able to participate in the new fork.


Their ASIC hardware could not. Furthermore, whoever among the old-school miners decided to invest tons of new capital or old GPUs in mine-racing the new fork would stand to make a lot more profit *mining* on the new fork than they would in disrupting it, and all of the proceeds that had previously made would still exist on the new fork (contrast with everyone switching to an alt that has a clean slate of balances) and those previously earned balances of theirs would be also ruined if they ruined the new fork.
@_date: 2014-04-04 20:55:17
Alright, and did the Visa gift card vendor keep more than $10k worth of gift cards in stock?
@_date: 2014-08-04 22:54:49
The slash fiction over there is really getting out of hand and .. well, *explicit* these days. ;P
@_date: 2014-01-15 16:53:45
[This one's always fun to haul out]( ;3
@_date: 2014-12-03 20:37:45
That's the benefits of being famous and having kept enough documentation to threaten Paypal with a lawsuit if you had to.
But Notch also never directed his funds to "Larrytheknife or withdrew it all into bills and lit them on fire and then got stressed out that it was all a giant typo from his phone or that his match-hand slipped and it's Paypal's fault for letting him do something so stupid.
@_date: 2014-12-10 02:31:49
Well I'm not conversant with this auction, but it's possible that unlike the previous one the sell price was not lower than the market price.
Alternately, perhaps they spent it all on silk road and the sellers liquidated? xD
Do you know any citations for the sell price though? :3
@_date: 2014-11-22 14:26:00
♪ [Deck the Halls with Macro Follies]( Fa-lalalala, lala-la la! ♬
@_date: 2014-05-24 03:08:16


Fax machines **are** stupid because you can just send an email and stop wasting paper.
Phone books **are** stupid because both Google and Facebook have search features.
But there are still people in developed nations who look up fax numbers in paper phone books to connect over their landlines in reply to the telegram that they received advertising 50% off washboards and clothes pins, so they write a check on more paper and send it through the mail and the other side gets it a week later, puts it in an envelope with some other checks and deposits it in their local bank branch's late night deposit drop box to be processed in another 3-5 business days.
The Internet is the foundation of the twenty first century, every bit as much as roads, electric and phone lines were the foundation of the twentieth. These technologies do not touch this foundation, and banks both levy fees and impose delays and added complication in exchange for eschewing this superior foundation.
@_date: 2014-02-23 17:03:01
IMO they'll be nice when they exist and function, even if they cost a lot and involve a learning curve.
Because today a hardware wallet is a spare netbook you've installed a hardened linux CLI onto and air-gapped. It takes real effort to be less user friendly than *that* ;P
@_date: 2014-03-24 22:07:36
Their logic is that you can create an infinite number of said throw-away accounts in order to [structure]( your transactions to avoid AML.
@_date: 2014-07-24 00:49:50
I see this as no more incongruous than:




Bitcoin being trustless does not mean that no trust should ever come in contact with this monetary system, that would be ludicrous. What it means is that because the currency does not *require* you to trust any central authority in order to use it, that you are welcome to *voluntarily elect* who you do or do not wish to trust while using it.
TCP requires you to subscribe to the TCP algorithm for packet state-keeping, which in turn makes the assumption that almost any delay is preferable to receiving incomplete or out of order data. You could add more state keeping on top of this, but while using TCP you cannot (easily) take away state keeping and, say keep the connection alive after a long duration outage or grab packets after a lacuna and just write off the missing ones.
So you step down to UDP but this offers you *no statekeeping whatsoever*. So you have to roll your own, you just choose not to implement the bits about TCP that get in your way.
@_date: 2014-09-17 20:08:11
Too bad you don't know the gift card number(s) used in that sale or you could just cancel those and get the money back from the franchise. D:&lt;
@_date: 2014-09-27 23:50:58
Browsers have confirmation times?
@_date: 2014-07-25 01:03:36
By all means don't then.
In other news, if you were planning on parking your car in the McDonalds parking lot and having a threesome in there, please be advised that people can see in through the windows and you will be arrested for indecent exposure. This is not a design flaw, and not something to complain to the auto manufacturer about but by all means do your freaky business in a room with the blinds drawn, please.
Other people will continue to drive automobiles even if you now think them an idiot.
@_date: 2014-01-01 01:34:30
.. which matters little to white, middle class "I just want to enter my credit card info into facebook to buy these sweet origin titles for my ps4" crowd.
Luckily currency revolutions require little from such weak hands, what we need the most is to win over the wholesale service industry. :P
@_date: 2014-01-23 01:33:13
OLDTHINKERS UNBELLYFEEL INGSOC
@_date: 2014-10-23 19:14:06
Gets popcorn ready for when the feds kick down Granny Cryptoceelo's door and she breaks a hip getting her pinned to the ground, and then they shoot her dog.
@_date: 2014-07-16 22:22:38


How is that different than the assurances offered by traditional payment systems? Basically whatever assurance can be traditionally provided can be provided on top of Bitcoin for roughly the same fee. *More or less* assurance can optionally also be provided, for higher or lower fee.. which cannot be done in the traditional system with only one kind of assurance baked irremovably in.
@_date: 2014-12-17 23:38:49
Right, people that show a dire aversion to complete sentences though. ;3
@_date: 2014-02-06 01:56:58
Nothing unexpected there either, they haven't been doing BTC withdraws for a week and their "invalid address" problem has been happening all day.
Apple iOS yanking an app off of people's phones that they were storing coins on (temporally precisely coincident with this drop) will cause a panic if they don't know how else to recover them.
@_date: 2014-08-27 00:47:35
For this statement to be true you would have to personally control "christianity.com" or .org or some other reasonably popular TLD.
You do not.
@_date: 2014-02-11 23:18:57


Do you mean 0.3% false positive, false negative, true positive or true negative?
@_date: 2014-08-06 10:54:18
A lot of nice things like criminalizing attempting to use Bitcoin, store or relay data for the blockchain or wearing a T shirt that has a B with columns icon on it?
Name one single thing — *just one thing* — in the proposed NYS regulation that would have the slightest impact upon crime, that isn't already covered by existing law including Fincen regulation, *while actually allowing any legitimate business to operate at all?*
@_date: 2014-12-09 01:51:40
No, with BCI, depending on how you use it you have an *illusion* of control over your bitcoin and for a lot of people this morning that illusion as shattered when *BCI error* plucked those bitcoins away.
Again, just like an (uninsured) bank.
@_date: 2014-10-13 07:17:49
Ah. In that case, can I have some math too? x3
@_date: 2014-12-18 22:32:30
If it makes your [throwaway buttcoiner troll ass]("User with no link karma posts only FUD and only to this sub") feel any better, why not just compare "how many MXN can I get out of X $USD" between the two services? There exist no fees you can hide from that measurement, and the difference in yield works out very close to what the sendbitcoin.mx graph warns in practice.
[I nor anybody else in this thread]( are defending senbitcoins.mx as "100% transparent", everyone is simply excited about the *potential* of a service leveraging Bitcoin to offer dominantly cheaper remittance than WU and additionally asking probing questions and performing tests to determine whether that comparison holds.
@_date: 2014-02-25 07:26:32
And for those many people, it would be a greater incompetence to have entrusted "more money than they will ever save in their life" to MtGox. Our mantra has always been "don't invest more money IN BITCOIN than you can afford to lose", on top of "Never leave money in any exchange longer than you strictly have to!"
@_date: 2014-02-04 01:14:10
Our point, and TFA's point even is for even legislation.
Either hold the establishment accountable for the rules or don't hold us accountable. Either case would be better than anti-competitive "only the new player has to suffer pointless, monumentally costly scrutiny" laws.
@_date: 2014-07-10 22:50:45


To be fair, he built the bare metal foundation of a currency and payment system. If people choose to abstract a few layers beyond that, then there's nothing inherently bad about doing so.. you just have to keep tabs on leaky abstractions.
One of those is that Coinbase could go bankrupt or try to extort your balance or get successfully hacked. Another is that Coinbase hot wallet could run dry which would put a crimp on the timeframe of withdrawals or payments.
But so long as we expect every individual to work at bare metal all the time, we'll never get anywhere. It's like scoffing at computer users for employing a mouse instead of limiting all interaction with their computer to hand-entering machine code in hexadecimal.
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:46:21
Ohhhhhhh, If you want it to be possessive, it's just 'I-T-S.' But, if it's supposed to be a contraction then it's 'I-T-apostrophe-S'.
@_date: 2014-07-14 19:46:33
was not questioning it's complexity, only it's positive or negative impact upon society. That's the challenge was directly addressing.
@_date: 2014-01-01 00:05:15
Lessons in austerity from a reddit commentor, how quaint. 
Now get off that new-fangled computer box and back to churning that butter! x3
@_date: 2014-04-21 19:48:54
Line break after every sentence.
Did you even read the link? ;3
@_date: 2014-08-06 22:26:06


You might as well run a grocery store that you physically never monitor on the honor system, and expect that some X% markup can possibly cover literally every customer having the unchecked ability to shoplift without paying. It only takes one to shrug her shoulders and then empty your store entirely no matter how honorable less than 100% are.
@_date: 2014-02-05 21:21:41
Um.. I'm pretty sure that's ±3% *of* the 2% measurement, so 95% confident it's somewhere between 1.94% and 2.06%.
@_date: 2014-02-24 11:36:03
Fine, then show me the Facebook Points to USD Exchange, or the ebay / craigslist ads offering cash for points.
There have been headlines about Wal-mart products such as [Tide Laundry Detergent]( being abused as an ironic financial-laundering proxy, however that scheme only works because the commodity can first be *shoplifted* with ease and low on risk. :P
@_date: 2014-12-30 23:52:58
Well, there is [this one]( I've never heard of Brawker before this thread, but I have heard of purse.io who uses a similar business model and *they* have certainly had loads of fraud reported in this sub.
@_date: 2014-05-22 19:49:00
And in those same places the $10k investment that advertised as forgettable is no longer forgettable.
The return *ratio* he is claiming, 20:1, does *not* dilate with the wages of the person in question, their cost of living or their local fiat denomination. It does get received differently with local fiat inflation rates and volatility, so Bitcoin volatility grows less frightening when your own local currency changes just as readily and almost always to the negative.. but most of the world sees volatility much closer to USD than to BTC (and/or has access to equally stable investment instruments or durable commodities markets).
20:1 is an impressive return ratio, but it comes with an equally impressive 20:1 risk. Unless you are adding value to the bitcoin ecosystem you can do nothing but try to siphon the value everybody else is contributing.
@_date: 2014-09-21 22:00:48
I'd be happy with a comprehensive and thorough test suite as a de facto protocol specification, but that's just me. ;3
@_date: 2014-01-23 18:56:55
That would be equally meaty flow controlled, however. If you answer the question for 1 million people, and 10% of those ask a followup question, what good can you do them?
@_date: 2014-08-01 04:30:50
Already flagged Buttpicker Troll, nothing to see here. :3
@_date: 2014-07-02 07:36:07
The same thing that happens when they accept any mix of currencies as revenue and have to pay any mix of currencies as payroll. The difference gets converted.
Of course this is *cheaper* than the alternative where 100% of Bitcoin revenue is converted.
Just tap one or more employees on the shoulder at a time, offer to pay a portion of their wages in bitcoin, and stop tapping shoulders once a good portion of that currency's revenue is accounted for.
@_date: 2014-02-13 21:21:30
Bitcoin qt reference client *also* treats the transaction hash as an ID (beyond naming it so) by mistracking your balance due to malled change. 
@_date: 2014-10-27 21:51:53
Your entire first paragraph is hamstrung by the simple fact that the debt cannot be repaid by *money that does not physically exist*.
You can have a population growing 10x every week, with every citizen improving their own personal productivity 200% per day, but so long as the debt is ~$10 trillion and all money available to all people combined totals ~$2 trillion then it is mathematically impossible to pay that debt.
The exponential increase of GDP in this example may baloon the purchasing power of $1 USD until entire exoplanets only cost pennies on the dollar, *but the adjusted value of the debt would simply grow in lock-step*.
@_date: 2014-08-05 00:48:59
And why can't they print money? They can print all of the USD they want no matter how many people get paid in Bitcoin.
USD devalues, BTC/USD exchange rate goes up. The following month, *you get paid less BTC* because your paycheck is *denominated* in USD.
The only place where your purchasing power would remain untouched is *your savings*, what little of it you can probably keep, and even then only during period when BTC is gaining on the dollar (which it has not consistently done for most of a year now).
@_date: 2014-10-20 16:38:27
Explain it to *who* simply though? Another security researcher? An economist? Your grandma who doesn't even know how the simplest electronic appliances work? ***Your cat?***
Without naming the audience, this quote is meaningless. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 23:40:01


Yeah, if you flooded the DNS seeds with bad actors.. hard fork or no, then the SPV client who behaves the way you describe would have a high chance of connecting to more of them than normal people and unlike a full node would not know enough to separate the wheat from the chaff.
That is why I don't trust this assertion "they follow the most mining power" because during a fork, the mining *algorithm* might change. Or, bad actors can easily create a shill fork where mining is easy but only they get to do it. Anything that didn't care about rules and only cared about mining power (if it even had a way to measure that!) would easily be lead astray.
Mining power has no meaning outside the context of rule consensus.
@_date: 2014-08-27 00:45:16


But the only factor which drives that cost is the size of the mining network. Currently it is incentivized by supply inflation but as that drops off the *cost* is forced to adjust to match the *demand*, not the other way around.
If the use consensus is that nobody wants to pay more than ~$0.01 2014 usd per transaction then the miners simply have to eat that and total petahashes in the network dip to comply.
@_date: 2014-11-22 14:20:05
Yeah I don't disagree, I just saw an implementation detail I felt I had to optimize is all.
Inexorable force of habit, I see vandals and I get more piqued about their spelling errors or wasteful stencil misuse than about the property damage. ;3
@_date: 2014-08-06 03:06:55
I used Tormail, I got infected when that whole Freedomhost bullshit went down.
I would be genuinely surprised if the FBI had a legitimate warrant for usurping the operation of *my* god damned hardware. &gt;:(
@_date: 2014-09-30 20:34:16
Is there anything in particular you would like me to read, or is this just a one size fits all retort?
@_date: 2014-04-03 01:02:45
It's supposed to be, though I haven't exactly audited them or anything. 
@_date: 2014-12-09 22:01:56
Umm.. when banks lose small, they normally do re-imburse their depositors. When they lose big they wind up getting bailed out, yes.
BCI just lost small, so it is doing the correct thing (like *any* traditional bank would do) but it hasn't lost large yet (eg: went the way of MtGox) and it mathematically cannot "do the right thing" in that situation unless it signs up for some hefty, hefty insurance *yesterday* and earns a new 7 figure revenue stream from out of nowhere to somehow fund it.
@_date: 2014-09-01 21:26:42
Well, they don't simply hate bitcoin. Instead they sexually fetishize the idea of consternating those who use it. :P
Above is akin to cat-calling.
@_date: 2014-03-02 05:48:16
I don't understand what you mean about "copies" and "keysets".
It sounds like you're thinking that you break up a raw copy of the private key into X parts (like taking key "123456" and breaking it up into "12" + "34" + "56"), and then copy those parts? If so, this is *very far removed* from what I am actually recommending.
Read [**this**]( which is the specific algorithm that I mentioned. Many similar technologies will offer the same mechanic.
The mechanic is (and I'll use the language popular among Bitcoiners "M of N", such as 2-of-3, where you create N shares but then require M of those shareholders to step forth before you can reconstruct the key.
In this system there are no "copies" of shares, just shares. If you have 21 employees, and wish 10 of them to collude before the private key can be revealed, then you use SSSS software to generate a 10-of-21 scheme.
You create 21 share strings, and any attacker that gets ahold of absolutely any combination of 9 of those shares cannot use *any* of the entropy gained to guess the private key. He is no better off (assuming he can't complete his collection to meet the threshold) than if he had zero shares. On the other hand, if absolutely any combination of 10 of those shares is combined then you can easily calculate the correct private key.
MtGox could have utilized their 10 employees to do a 7-of-10, for example. Alternately, they could include their lawyers, a safe deposit box, an escrow firm, etc to keep things interesting. They could secret-share the key one time to employees, perhaps with a higher threshold like 8-of-10, and then do a separate share between Mark + lawyer + escrow + safe deposit box with a 2-of-4.
The possibilities are very granular and powerful.
@_date: 2014-09-30 23:11:43
I only buy $100 of groceries every week, but here I am transporting it in an automobile that cost me thousands upon thousands of dollars.
Maybe it's because I re-use that car on a different batch of groceries every week?
@_date: 2014-08-07 09:08:55
While I would love it to be merely that simple, what do you as a Washington State business do when a New York Law Enforcement sting operation transacts with you while actively hiding the statehood of the sting-client?
Perhaps some business will be able to fight such a charge and take it through a long court process, but it might be 10 years before any decision or re-interpretation of law is made and in the meantime everybody else is looking down the barrel of at minimum 10 years of litigation if they so much as transact Bitcoin in the united states or sell Alpaca socks.
@_date: 2014-10-17 19:39:52
My target and BK cards have bar codes, the target is one of those trippy 2d kinds even. So unfortunately I'd have to say this is the fault of Home Depot.
@_date: 2014-12-09 23:50:23


The fact that BCI even *can* make reparations (out of their recent VC startup windfall) clarifies this breach as on the "small" side of the line in question: it was within their capacity to *afford* to eat. The bank bailouts were by definition *not* within those bank's capacity to afford to eat.  If BCI should ever run into problems that bankrupt them, then the game is over since they offer no insurance (FDIC or otherwise).


This isn't a fair assessment either. BCI represents a centralized, auto-install software repository which remains a single point of failure for the funds. Hacker either compromises BCI's github or blackmails/co-opts BCI into being a bad actor, then they just release the next silently-and-automatically-installed-javascript software update to look legitimate while secretly keylogging everyone's passwords. Let that run for long enough to capture as many fish as you can in the net, and then sweep *everybody*'s wallets in one flash grab. Mischief managed.
@_date: 2014-12-07 17:52:08
That wasn't his point, he only answered your two very clear yes/no questions correctly with "no" to both. If zimbabwe is the better illustration, just lead with that.
@_date: 2014-09-21 22:38:34


Perhaps. But what if it collapses much more slowly?


[As long as the collapse happens slowly enough that people still retain access to the internet or cell networks]( the commodities you list will remain impossible to trade over long distances while Bitcoin can.
@_date: 2014-02-23 15:55:45
No matter what you call it, printing paper wallets in candy wrappers is still pretty monumentally stupid.
**If** anyone at all knows that this is a way to purchase btc, **then** LEO can just as easily find out. They put some money in the machine, inspect the wrapper that comes out for the paper wallets they've heard so much about, confirm that money transmission has taken place, and then arrest the operator of the vending machine. Case closed.
@_date: 2014-05-12 21:19:50
Well, if you're living or operating in Tanzania and Kenya and getting your material wages in Bitcoin, then you do have a reason to choose Bitcoin as a payment method to pay your bills, buy groceries, top off wireless cards, etc in preference to trying to convert the wage to USD and paying via CC or Paypal, or convert to KES/TZS cash and take a hit there as well.
If you materially get your wage as USD deposited into a US bank account you can control from a foreign location, then ability to pay in USD becomes the most convenient avenue, I suppose. But if you also help run the company which in turn takes a hit to convert it's BTC revenues into USD for payroll, then any local places that accept BTC begin to look a lot more attractive again. :3
@_date: 2014-08-10 11:23:48
[You mean you had to use YOUR HANDS?](
@_date: 2014-12-17 23:22:04
Are you referring to adoption by arbitrary merchants as centralization?
@_date: 2014-08-09 01:03:40
I don't know. If holding down on the left mouse button in front of one of them ores was all it took to "mine a block", reward 25BTC, I would instantly quit my day job. xD
@_date: 2014-11-26 04:24:02
But I'm not sure how to solve that problem either. xD
Why can't you solve it and get rich and my life will just marginally improve because I get to use it, eh? &lt;3
@_date: 2014-12-22 14:29:28
I'd rather be obsessed about a technological protocol than make my happiness contingent upon irritating other people.
And don't get me wrong, strongly advocating or defending something that isn't well known or popular can lead to irritation. For us that's an undesirable side-effect. For you it's a [sexual fetish](@_date: 2014-04-03 00:54:53


I don't see why not. 1&gt; you backup your private key on creation like specs advise, and 2&gt; your pin protects you from getting pwnt if trezor gets stolen; once you realize the breech then you restore from private key and move the bitcoin contents to elsewhereville (such as a paper wallet prior to obtaining replacement trezor..)
@_date: 2014-08-28 06:29:23
I'd contact their support about it, sounds like an error on their part *shrugs*.
@_date: 2014-12-08 23:27:48
I am not aware of Coinbase employing javascript-based cryptography.
BC.i has a business where they use JS crypto in order to help you store a wallet that you ostensibly own and that only you are supposed to be able to access it's private keys.
Coinbase simply holds bitcoin balances on your behalf directly.
@_date: 2014-12-18 23:02:04
That sounds approximately as good as it can get. For speed it would be lovely **if** you could just buy BTC via Coinbase and withdraw from them directly into senbitcoin.mx, but it's chancy because any time you happen to have tapped out Coinbase's hot wallet the transaction gets delayed and then you wind up with sendbitcoins.mx getting the funds several hours to a day later, after the window has long closed. :P
Alternately you send from coinbase to a faster-sending wallet you control (PC wallet, trezor, web wallet like LBC, etc) to get that potential delay bubble out of the pipes, and then after a 10 minute conf (or 60+ minute depending on how hard-boiled your wallet is) you can complete the deposit to sendbitcoins.mx.
It's a shame that latter strategy has a lot more typing and monitoring involved, as well as up to 60-90 potential minutes of spot-price volatility. I agree with somebody else up-thread, that if Coinbase or Circle were to somehow partner with sendbitcoins.mx to remove absolutely all delay and risk exposure and fiddly bits it would be spectacular. :D
@_date: 2014-12-26 10:20:47
The point of a shadowban is that it is subtle enough to not be immediately obvious that you've even been banned.
Why would you create a new account when you're not given any indication anything is wrong with the existing one?
Sure, there *are* ways to find out, the quickest being "view your own /u page while logged out" but not everybody is on guard enough to notice when that happens to them.
@_date: 2014-09-17 19:59:51
How about "It is important that merchants understand 
that the requesting of a cardholder ID does not change the merchant’s liability for chargebacks."? That basically invalidates your entire narrative.
In fact, here is your lynchpin:


This is a trio of statements with no causal inference. Compare with:


You probably live in a sufficiently law-abiding jurisdiction (or small town) that nobody has *tried* to commit chargeback fraud on you yet. Maybe you sell nothing that's easy to fence or valuable to crooks to illicitly purchase. But you are still arguing against a PDF from VISA that directly countermands your claim.
@_date: 2014-06-12 00:41:42


Incorrect. Paypal pays out to merchants *via bank transfer*, so when Paypal gets a chargeback they just chargeback the merchant's bank account. Same system, so no load on Paypal. Just on the Merchant's *bank*.
The proposed system is Gateway pays Merchant in Bitcoin. Later Gateway gets chargeback, and fraudulent merchant is simply gone. Story over, bag holder: Gateway.
@_date: 2014-12-08 06:35:50


That one of those prices quoted was probably meaningless given that it's swung back to the same price today (at least in my geographic area in case that's uncommon), and this infographic was meant to *contrast* historical figures.
But let's discuss you for a moment: why all the hostility? Did I boink your mom at some point or something? :P
@_date: 2014-07-22 20:11:05
I don't know if this is a 9/11 conspiracy rant or not, but ignoring all of the "house fire != terrorist intercontinental airplaine crash" ground that's already been covered, metal that gets so softened that it can no longer continue to bear the load of a million tons of structure above can still probably bear the load of a stamped letter until it cools off again, I'm guessing.
@_date: 2014-12-09 02:54:57
Well, 100,000 transactions at roughly 1kb per transaction rings up 100MB per block. One block every 600 seconds or so boils down to network traffic on the order of 166kbps sustained. because that's liable to be spiky let's raise the roof 60 times and give it 10mbps, or two Netflix HD streams. Also thanks to the header-only blocks devs are perfecting now a vast majority of that network traffic transmits at mempool time (trickling through constantly) instead of at block publishing time, which helps smooth out the flow considerably.
Number of transactions per block has no bearing on actual hashing difficulty, which is it's own variable. 100MB per 10 minutes adds up in storage quite rapidly though, something like 5.3TB of blockchain storage per year. Let's tripple that for indexing room, and running a node (mining or not) will cost 16TB of SSD storage per year, which at today's costs (something we hope to drop significantly each year) work out to about $10,000 usd per annum or ~$850/mo including disk aggregation infrastructure. So on par with renting an apartment.
That also works out to a grand total minimum cost (to cover storage, network access being a rounding error) of about $0.20 per block, to be shared by all 100k transactions in each block. So.. $0.000002 usd transaction fees.
At today's rate that's about one half of a satoshi. Which sounds good to me, so I sure hope I didn't louse up my math anywhere. ;3
@_date: 2014-09-27 23:31:14
Mocking implies derisive imitation, and must only be confused with criticism or disapproval in general by the very most highly ranked social justice warriors and easily-offended-jitzu practitioners in the tumblrverse.
@_date: 2014-02-11 23:59:41


Right, what about just sticking to the DER encoding canon? AFAICT this problem only comes up because of OpenSSL being more lenient and allowing any BER encoded string through, and because of ECDSA's sign flip potential. Require DER, require a positive sign in the operand, and make sure that's always what you're outputting. Done and dusted.
There's no substitute for defining canonical data marshaling strategies.
@_date: 2014-01-30 01:50:15
You should short for lower time frames than that. Bitcoin has a history of 10x value increase over a year, so you'd either have to put 10BTC into escrow as your collateral (give or take leverage allowed by your credit I suppose) or collateral in fiat or other goods that could prove to be worth ~$80k.
Short for a shorter time period, say 1-2 months and you wouldn't need such a large block of collateral, and you could still keep re-shorting on mild collateral to make it through the year and see about the same overall profit if you're right (or quit early if you're losing your shirt xD)
@_date: 2014-03-25 23:38:42
I'm pretty sure [BIPS]( covers Sweden, but I haven't done business with them directly yet meself.
@_date: 2014-01-06 02:25:03
Like I said, then move to a society that is not what you call a "slave society" or start your own on your own land that you defend from all comers with your own military and diplomatic prowess. Because if you're not going to pay for that service that we offer then we're certainly not going to continue offering it's benefits to you.
I recommend Somalia, they have no state. Show us how you can make it on your own, because you're certainly not going to be given hand-outs just to demonstrate how you don't need to pay them forward yourself.
@_date: 2014-08-06 02:12:38


Well, there is "the other research outfit lacks the same quality of input data that the fed had access to", for one. 
But yeah, story is bs so that doesn't matter. ;3
@_date: 2014-10-23 20:05:01


I am not going to scoff at your being a layman. You have come in and said your peace which is admirable, and though I may disagree on many points you sound like a fine, level-headed individual to discuss things with.
OTOH other self-described "laypeople" and who sell off their entire life savings trying to buy Bitcoin and then store it in an analogous way to hiding one's cash in the middle of a busy intersection, and then who come in here to piss all over the locals because we didn't somehow stop them, they merit from me one or more "scoffs", yes.


While I may not speak for everybody here I think that most will agree with me when I say we do *not* want you to adopt Bitcoin any time soon: not unless you were also willing to leave "being a layman" behind as part of that journey.
Compare with computers over the last thirty years. When I began using personal computers, I wanted them to become part of everyone's lives. I made a heavy investment in a skillset suited to something I knew would become wildly important one day. At the same time, it would be false to say that I "wanted" my grandmother to obtain a microcomputer that weekend and thereafter mash my face into it's keyboard endlessly because that's apparently how her taxes have to get done now.
If she were willing to actually learn how they work and how to turn either a monetary or a productivity/convenience profit out of using them, then she would have my blessing and even my support. "Teach a man to fish", and all of that. Until then, the order of operation is wrong. Computers take over the world *first* and then the last straggling people who don't *care* how they work can climb aboard their Facebooks or their AOL daycare centers and leave the rest of us alone to do things that matter.
Bitcoin does not require laypeople end-users to adopt it at this stage, *because their participation offers nothing to the ecosystem*. We do want financial service providers, remitters, payroll services, merchants, and especially wholesale merchants to begin adopting it and services such as Coinbase and Bitpay and Gyft and Circle are willing to spend *millions* of dollars to hand-hold and support the everloving crap out of *those* strategically important entities so that their needs are met whether or not they understand how it all works right away. That's who we need to get loops of currency usage off of the ground so that a growing number of people *never* have to trade back or forth into Fiat just to get their needs met.


To a blind person zero things are transparent. As a cashier, I can slowly and carefully count back change to a customer but if the customer is sufficiently innumerate to *not know how to count*, then how can I be transparent with them? They either have to trust I did not rip them off or not, or bring by a numerate friend of family member that they trust or not.
Bitcoin is a 100% open source protocol primarily handled by a 100% open source reference client. If you run a full node (with no barrier to entry short of dial-up-modem speed internet access) then every single transaction that occurs anywhere in the entire world is available for you to personally inspect. There has never in history existed a financial system this transparent.
@_date: 2014-11-03 12:49:34
Well the several hundred year old USD, global reserve currency defended by the most powerful military in the history of mankind has not altered it's purchasing power by more than 10% or so per day since 1929 (the last example when it most certainly did). That says nothing whatsoever about the settlement process, just the currency underneath of it.
Bitcoin merchant processors such as Coinbase and Bitpay are happy to lock your settlement value for 15 minutes until the transaction is in the mempool, LBC does the same internationally for more like 6 hours, and all Bitcoin transfers can be done instantly so that zero value change window is embarrassingly easy for anyone to meet, so you're not getting any kind of crash during settlement in this infrastructure either.
In contrast, many countries using the same 1970s settlement technology as the US (like Zimbabwe, Argentina, Venezuala, etc) do so over much more volatile national currencies so the infrastructure in question presides over flash crashes all of the god damned time.
@_date: 2014-12-19 01:28:55
You see, nobody goes there because it's too crowded.
@_date: 2014-09-25 21:08:20
Curiously it is possible for A to be better than B even if A has a steep learning curve.
Let's roll back to the early nineties and ask if TCP/IP is better than AOL. Notice how we're not comparing apples to apples, since TCP/IP is a naked network stack and AOL is a ton of user friendly services built on top of their own proprietary network stack. You can ask "Is TCP/IP better than the networking tech behind AOL?" and the answer is an earth shattering hell-ya. You can ask "Is TCP/IP more user friendly than AOL?" And the answer is hell no. To use TCP/IP you first have to build internet applications that make use of it's features, and then a critical mass of people have to use those applications, and it's up to you how friendly the applications are. AOL rolls right out of the box with goofy sound effects ready to entertain the lowest common denominator. But does that make AOL "better" than TCP/IP?
Bitcoin is a payment storage and transmission protocol. It can be used at it's bare metal interoperably by anybody on earth with even a dial-up level internet connection, and services built upon it can easily be controlled over even more modest communications mediums such as sms. It is unquestionably superior to the communications stack behind modern banking and credit card networks in almost every category, with some categories like "scalability" being an open question that are actively under further development.
But is it user friendly? *That is not it's job!* That is the job of wallet service providers who are utterly free to innovate on top of this unique platform. Providers like Coinbase and Circle, Greenaddress, perhaps Paypal quite soon, and whoever will come into being next.
We are not spending a majority of our effort championing user friendly sugar coating, we are championing the network stack. And to that end, *we do not require* the participation of people who will do nothing to add value to our network. People who are not either investing in Bitcoin as a store of value or creating innovative software themselves but only buy and then instantly sell again hoping to short circuit credit card fees (thus by definition carrying the narrowest possible margins), and who will inevitably complain about credit card consumer protection not being there for them no matter how many times we remind them about that trade-off.
This is like answering concerns that TCP/IP can never take off if it isn't helping people dial into AOL more cheaply than over a phone line.
Instead we are more interested in software innovation, and in Merchant acceptance and Wholesalers and B2B. These participating nodes actually gut the requirement to deal with fiat *at all* so that participating users no longer have to exchange back and forth between Bitcoin and fiat. Instead we get a growing number of people who simply earn money in Bitcoin and then spend that to pay their bills and *that* is a far superior opportunity (made moreso as greater software solutions grow in this space) to ever using USD in relation to that percentage of your revenue at all.
This is the scenario which is similar to TCP/IP earning it's own protocols (SMTP, SNMP, HTTP, et al) and applications built atop them (Email, The World Wide Web, and eventually Google, Reddit and Facebook) that leave AOL entirely in the trashbin of history.
@_date: 2014-02-11 23:08:43


Bitcoind developers just got done saying that they're code isn't broken, and issuing press releases detailing exactly how you should interface with their reference code and with the protocol in general. Specifically, "don't rely on unconfirmed txid's to remain unique" and "instead, rely on the unspent inputs to uniquely identify your transaction until it confirms".
EDIT: Was pointed to [this discussion of the matter on Reddit](
@_date: 2014-08-06 19:54:45
False. I can walk into any bank branch right the fuck now and cash a check without being a customer, having an account, or durably supplying *any* personal information whatsoever. I might need to flash an ID to demonstrate I'm the beneficiary named on the check, but nobody is photocopying that for record keeping or running me through an MRI.
I can obtain and use pre-paid debit cards *from a bank* without using any PII whatsoever.
Banks can denominate their profits in any asset form they choose, Bitlicence specifically forbids profits be secured or denominated in anything but USD.
Besides, whatever "Mandated security, security audits, financial audit" requirements US banks *are* beholden to certainly failed to prevent the Madoffs, S&amp;L crises, derivatives trading, HSBC drug cartel laundering, etc which have cost American consumers and tax payers hundreds of thousands of times more then has ever been transacted in the history of Bitcoin.
So your answer fails every single criteria I mentioned in my post. Congratulations. :3
@_date: 2014-05-03 23:10:51
You don't, which is why you rebuild on "Fresh Hardware".
@_date: 2014-09-30 22:52:31
I don't see a reason all of the contracts can't optionally be settled in "amount of Bitcoin equal to $Xusd at time Q". The goal is simply to protect from relative value fluctuations, and no player has to actually get their hands dirty in fiat just to accomplish that. :3
@_date: 2014-02-17 21:04:30
Hmm, subbed
@_date: 2014-01-15 17:14:39
Things that have been reliably predicted to go up 10x in value over a predictable period of time, off the top of my head:
* US Savings bonds continually re-invested as they mature over 66 years (assuming that they mature to double value in 20)
* The price of candy, popcorn, or soda as you walk out of the mall food court and into a movie theater (although one cannot hold or sell at those same prices.. :P)
* Purchase a ticket to a flight, play or sporting event with enough lead time and then scalp it on opening night
* Futures in any material commodity before and then after the commercial release of hugely successful technologies. Tungsten before/after the lightbulb, crude oil before/after the Model T, etc.
Bitcoin falls in this last category. It's unit of account represents the scarce raw material traded by it's revolutionary decentralized, counterfeit-proof payment mechanism.
@_date: 2014-07-20 03:42:44
intl wire, or what method?
@_date: 2014-03-26 00:38:06
I think this primarily makes sense if the company is already accepting and holding BTC revenues and just looking for cost-effective ways to re-spend them.
If company's money is already all in USD, then somebody has to pay Coinbase et al to convert that USD into Bitcoin. Either the employer is automatically doing it on your behalf or else you're still free to just buy Bitcoin on Coinbase whenever and in whatever amounts you wish.
If the employer is already receiving BTC revenues however, and is comfortable holding those throughout the pay period as the price fluctuates prior to doling them back out among payroll, then paying straight up BTC potentially saves everybody money compared to having to convert it all to USD to pay an employee who may then choose to convert some of it back to Bitcoin, thus doubling the end-to-end exchange fees.
@_date: 2014-11-26 04:16:22
OP comparison is whether or not you have to ID check at remittance.
GP comparison is WU (forces ID check at remittance) against Coinbase (only forces ID check at account creation).
What I pointed out was that with Bitcoin, not only do you not have to repeat that ID check for every remittance that you convert to fiat (set up one account with coinbase, perform hundreds of remittances) but you are saved *any* ID checks *ever* for remittances you don't feel like converting to fiat.
*And then*, you are also saved a whole other tier of ID checks at purchase time from tens of thousands of vendors.
At the very bottom of it all is the fundamental precept that Bitcoin *does not give a flying fuck who you are*, only that you can satisfy the auth condition for that address where normally the computing device does all the heavy lifting for you.
Now, how is that *not* the comparison being made?
@_date: 2014-01-16 20:37:09
Usually, instead they just require you to get the latest iteration of their overpriced hardware. :J
And the monthly fee is you can't replace the batteries, time for even more hardware just to keep doing the same thing. xD
@_date: 2014-01-26 20:20:34
TIL that illiteracy must be a myth because of how infrequently people proudly announce their inability to read.
@_date: 2014-07-21 23:33:27
What you're saying isn't touching point, which is that Grannie Smith moving money from ING to sharebuilder with her chihuaua's birthdate as the password implies that the password itself is only a trivial factor of the security in play and that the end-user is not held responsible for maintaining the security in question.
ING also tracks her IP, asks her security questions, sends email and telephone alerts when things don't look right. A better way to look at it is that a Lion doesn't need to know jack shit about security for it's cage at the zoo to be impenetrable.
Now working out a similar level of security *yourself*, EG *actually* keeping a 256-bit long secret and still being able to do math with it to sign transactions.. that can be high-school levels of tricky.
Or you can buy a Trezor or similar hardened keyfob appliance, I'm actually in favor of that option. :P
@_date: 2014-12-31 00:03:08
But the problem is you are conflating "not having to trust" with "not being **allowed** to trust". Bitcoin is not about forcing people never to place their trust in anything ever, it is about giving people the *option* to trust whomever they wish (or nobody, *if they choose*) according to their own antonymous criteria, in contrast to *being forced to trust* a specific banking oligopoly or a specific regional government.
Why would there not exist well known players in a situation where nobody forces you to trust anybody? Even in an alien situation where you are somehow forced *not* to trust anybody, there exists no geis against at least knowing who the hell people *are*. ;P
@_date: 2014-07-14 22:45:15
Which is more intimately related to the rest of the US government, the Federal Reserve or the Postal System? One of them is owned by the government, the other more or less owns the government.
@_date: 2014-07-18 21:56:17
Tell that to millions of Americans who have fallen for email Phishing attacks. You're about as liable to get your money back as you would get your stolen property back after filing a police report.
Stupidity leading to loss of control over your finances is in *no* way unique to bitcoin, and *you can't insure against stupidity* no matter what system you use.
@_date: 2014-12-03 22:48:22


Ah ha, so about 1.6 billion iterations would give you a 50% chance of hitting it. Good to know. :3
@_date: 2014-06-02 22:52:40
I'm not familiar with any commercial applications that don't use cold storage addresses (normally BIP 0032 deterministic addresses) as the receiving addresses directly. Hmm..
@_date: 2014-01-22 23:27:05
Except .. what?
JohnDoe: Wow, did you hear that you can now buy stuff from Kohl's using Bitcoin?!
JimBeam:  Lol, I keep hearing about Bitcoin. What is it, anyhow?
Bot:  Bitcoin is a distributed payment system and currency which...
Question is asked. Public is invited to respond by way of the fact that this was an  instead of a private reply, making it functionally no different from this very reddit thread. Bot, as member of public, takes up this invitation to respond.
Direct Answer.
@_date: 2014-02-05 22:33:27
I dunno, the entire beauty of mBTC is in their ease of throwing. If you prefer to unload your £, then send the mBTC and thereafter buy more with the £. :3
@_date: 2014-08-05 00:43:07
is clearly flawed to the core and it takes a special level of stupid to go there.
Sounds legit.
@_date: 2014-12-19 03:10:05


They do not benefit from that chance as much as they commit themselves to a higher payment schedule as a tax to account for that chance. And then should anything unexpected (and not accounted for by other expensive schemes of insurance planning) happen they will default on that schedule, go bankrupt and lose all of their liens (home, transportation, credit trustworthiness, etc).
It's made worse by the fact that you have to pay money that represents principal from one debt to pay off both the principal *and interest* of another debt. Again, fewer chairs than asses to sit in them means some asses must inexorably hit the floor.
@_date: 2014-12-02 00:20:06
You're not adding anything to the conversation beyond "physical, paper bills are the exact opposite of convenient since you have to go out and find where to get them".
But if it's paper bills you need, then somebody agreeing to trade them with you either in person or at a vending machine is more convenient than nobody doing that.
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:38:51
It does when you can demonstrate that regulation *caused* those "few fuckups". It's a lot easier to have a tiny number of financial cornerstones which are all interdependent and "too big to fail" when you make it prohibitively expensive and dependent on the agreement of your competitors for any new institutions to form at all.
And I certainly think it's high time to re-learn what regulations are needed and which ones aren't, because we might be surprised what onerous bullshit it turns out we can do without.
Will we wind up functioning with zero regulation forever? I highly doubt it. But should greedy people trying to cash in to take advantage of a clearly sinking ship being damaged by *gasp* a sinking ship mean that everybody everywhere has to suffer from a 100's year old yolk of bureaucracy? Yeah, no. I'm not really feeling that.
Furthermore, we do already have some regulation and MtGox had funds in the US seized over it. Did they file for money transmitter status, and if so were they bonded against exactly this?
I'll need somebody to explain to me how regulation is meant to help if it can't do it's job before the crash occurs, and if [government's only going to nab the lowest-hanging offenders anyhow](
@_date: 2014-12-01 23:46:21
Inefficient. 101010.
@_date: 2014-02-02 00:04:42
Yes, that. I literally haven't tried using them in so long I didn't realize they were up to such nonsense. D:
@_date: 2014-01-30 01:57:20
Investing requires either spare capitol or risking credit. Even knowing for a fact that commodity X will be worth 10x what it is today in one year, If you can only afford set aside $1k without touching it for that entire year then you'll only come out $9k ahead, which is not enough to change your wealth status.
While putting in $10k could net you $90k, the people who could set aside that much would already be wealthy enough that their $90k gains would be similarly drowned out.
You'll only really get "wealthier" once you can sacrifice a chunk of wealth you can afford into the crucible as it gains 2 or more digits of value.. or once you invest money that you *cannot* afford (like maxing out credit cards or something), which I perpetually advise against. ;P
@_date: 2014-07-29 00:12:57
Client sent him the money and pushed fees to receiver. How is OP meant to shop around in a situation like that?
@_date: 2014-08-06 01:17:29
Everything you just said only applies to the BitID specialized wallet software. So, why would I want to store *any* money in a wallet software who's primary business model is helping me log into websites?
There is no reason for BitID to piggyback on top of Bitcoin's ECDSA aside from leveraging the people who already have a Bitcoin ECDSA signing client installed: eg a *generic* bitcoin wallet.
[Here is what their draft has to say about using a generic wallet]( You paste things places to sign it, and AFAICT you are still vulnerable to all the crap I mentioned in the last post.
As long as BitID makes you download their client, thus controlling the software at both ends of the auth chain, there is *absolutely no benefit* to using Bitcoin ECDSA compared to using the much more flexible, more featureful and well known PGP/GPG signing (and encryption!) suites.
That said, helping the client both secure and make universally available (to multiple workstations, tablets, phones, etc) their client tokens, be they PGP keys or Bitcoin addresses, remains their own unique challenge to try to solve. Because, again, either their client with the special authentication capabilities does that job or you're back to trusting your auth-agnostic wallet like BCI that apparently does know how to spread your keys around safely.
Personally, I would prefer that either Lastpass or Keypass on top of Dropbox work out a public key auth initiative (probably based on either SSL client certs or PGP). They at least know how to both speed up your login via browser plugin and securely share your credentials to all of your client devices already. :3
@_date: 2014-01-23 00:22:19
When you move your resources to another pool, your voice has O(1) effectiveness. When you reduce the profitability of a pool that represents a nash equilibrium for profit x convenience seekers, then your voice has O(N) effectiveness, because dropping the profitability of the pool (assuming PPLNSG) by, say 1% costs you 1% of your profit for awhile but could induce huge numbers of other profit-optimizing miners to rapidly exit the pool.
If the well is poisoned, do you simply drink your water from another well and let others get sick? Or, do you make sure the poisoned water also tastes bad so that everybody reacts by seeking a healthier well?
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:51:03
Yep, Circle Jerking is when you do anything aside from invade subs full of people that you despise and cast baseless aspersions against them.
Or perhaps it's because we are agreeing with one another on things that we probably wouldn't be here if we didn't happen to concur about them. *shrugs*
@_date: 2014-02-26 01:57:29
That's not *a lot higher*, though. Even at 1387 txns per 724.05kb one **mebibyte** of 1024kb is only holding 1961 txns. Let's also be generous and make it a 9 minute avg blocktime, because of assumed always-increasing asics skewing the completion time between difficulty adjustments, and you're still only left with 1 txn per 0.28 seconds, or just inching towards 4 tps.
VISA handles ~1,000tps on black fridays. *that's* a lot higher.
@_date: 2014-01-26 22:22:14
So, don't have them send it directly to your wallet like some sketchy fuck. Have them send it to Coinbase etc who report to the IRS like a good boy. Unlike with USD, there's little difference in effort for the company to bleed their standing BTC balance at you in one direction or the other.
@_date: 2014-11-29 23:22:43
Well, one difference between a Bitcoin "bank" and a traditional bank is that the latter requires hierarchical oligopoly to function (there must exist one monolithic banking network administratively controlled from one place in order for the banks to clearinghouse their trust of one another) while the former just requires BTC.
Two Bitcoin banks can settle all of their debts to one another in BTC, as often as they'd like, anywhere in the world, with no friction or requirement for a trusted third party. And if customers don't like one and it goes out of business, big deal there are hundreds more so no bailouts of fragile interconnected networks of bureaucracy, either. In contrast the failure of a traditional bank causes a domino effect like power station brown-outs, and you wind up with situations like Cyprus.
@_date: 2014-12-15 08:10:34
My point is that anybody who would hack or subvert Ghash would be offered the same ultimatum that Ghash is offered today: crash the value of Bitcoin by attempting a double-spend you have no guarantee of even completing (especially if the core devs remain as on-guard to hard forks as they were in Mar 2013) or simply bask in the millions *upon millions* of dollars of revenue you're going to receive by remaining legitimate?
Bitcoin *relies* on the selfishness (and possibly sanity, to be fair..) of all of it's actors to keep the system properly balanced. That may not make it immune to potential disaster (far from it!) but, at least said disaster would not lead from simple greed. :3
@_date: 2014-01-27 04:22:45
Yeah, well employers who can pay in Bitcoin would be a nice change for the large number of unbanked Americans then, or at least for the (growing) subsection of those fluent with bitcoin. 
Today, yeah it's tough to even really make full use of *bitcoin* without a bank. But, if you have ingenuity then you're fine. LBC for cases where you simply need cash. Brow beat your landlords into accepting it for rent (I'm too lazy to finish this step, but they're on the ropes xD) Gyft: you can grocery shop at Target, Whole Foods, et al Snapcard: get Krogers gift cards, groceries + gas right there. 
But most importantly, give it another 12-24 months and living on nothing but Bitcoin will be easier than going Vegan. :&gt;
@_date: 2014-01-05 07:27:54
Yes, Paypal can operate with electronic check and without a credit card. Especially in different countries where the credit card system doesn't work the same way to begin with.
@_date: 2014-08-05 01:09:55
Thank you for identifying yourself, tagged as Buttpicker Troll for future reference.
@_date: 2014-12-10 22:22:18


It's hard to sell Bitcoin as a superior (eg lower cost, cutting out the middle man, reducing risks of fraud, etc) payment mechanism when you attach this huge upfront cost.
@_date: 2014-02-13 00:33:23
You know what's even easier than Credit Cards? Having your parents buy all your shit so that you don't even have to travel to the store, or decide what you really want to buy. Just whine at them if they got something that makes you feel unhappy until they start getting the things that pacify you once more.
Beyond a certain point "Ease" is just the illusion caused by other people doing the work for you. For this you will pay.. in fees, limitations, lock-in, advertisement, surveillance, etc.
Using Bitcoin at the bare metal means that you are doing all of the work (reducing the ease so much that *gasp* you can start telling the difference!) and at the same time that you are not relying on any counterparties at all which can circumvent your movement of money. No boundaries, no censorship possible, fees are voluntary, perfomance-based, and miniscule.
Using Bitcoin at one or two levels of indirection means that you have chosen to yield some or all control of your transaction to counterparties, but that *you get to choose their exact properties* and the counterparties you choose did not have to consent to oligopoly with the existing international payment cabal.
While I realize this means little to the instant gratification, throw a tantrum until things please you crowd; they honestly don't mean a lot to me either.
@_date: 2014-06-11 23:02:44


[I read somewhere]( that this process is prone to fraud.
Buyer can chargeback 180 to 270 days in the future, or buyer could even be using a stolen credit card. Merchant is never getting his product back, and has to increase prices for everybody else just to keep afloat.
Alternately, Merchants have a reputation within the Ebay system to uphold (or in the public eye outside of Ebay) and scamming your customers creates a huge stink of negative PR that kills future sales. So they have extreme disincentive to commit fraud where buyers have virtually no disincentive to commit chargeback fraud or identity theft.
Instead, markets who compete against Ebay offering Bitcoin as a payment method can easily offer Escrow (cheaper than Ebay, btw) such that the buyer does not have to release the funds until they are satisfied that the product is as advertised, and the moment funds are released the Merchant is secure in the knowledge that there exists no more opportunity for buyer-fraud. Identity theft is no longer a merchant's concern because Bitcoin is a form of cash.
@_date: 2014-10-06 21:06:35
So something like [this](
Mods might add a warning like that into the stickied post [FAQ - Newcomers please read]( do you feel that would help? :3
@_date: 2014-02-08 01:08:57
/me chuckles at the idea that we'll get any further updates on how this case plays out. ;3
They were arrested. They'll plea bargain with a gag order to avoid the worst of it so that nobody finds out what's really going on under the legal hood, and so that the state limits inflammatory PR and gets to maintain the line that these people dun wrong and everyone else must watch their step as the rules grow ever tighter.
@_date: 2014-07-09 09:49:26
Tons of people have been forced into that decision, and 90% choose to starve even if sex work could keep them fed. That's their choice, but of course now they're dead.
Belle Knox has all the food on the table that she wants and desires a higher education, which I personally consider a luxury. That doesn't sound a think like being forced into anything, bra.
@_date: 2014-03-14 23:24:58
I'm still not following you. I ask "are you saying it's impossible to loan on full reserve, as Allah intended?" and you're answer is "No, I'm saying Bitcoin cannot sustain loans (qualifier sounds like "without fractional reserve insurance")".
@_date: 2014-08-29 01:04:09
Snail mail is also an opportunity to get some exercise walking to the mailbox, say hello to the neighbors and get a bit of fresh air every day. Just that fact alone makes it different from Email, because everybody knows that walking outside on your own cognizance (or paying out of a wallet service that offers quick loans as a bonus) is obviously utterly impossible.
Credit cards exchange even the most dog basic securities for trivial usability and accessibility, and favors customer neoteny at the cost of *billions* of dollars per year, also borne by the customer.
Bitcoin exchanges absolutely no usability or accessibility when you use the proper infrastructure built atop the bare metal, for incredibly money-saving securities. This favors merchants **who pass 100% of their costs onto the consumer** so it winds up .. er .. favoring the consumer.
@_date: 2014-09-18 21:53:49
Yes, you have to go through their verification process before you will have instant purchases available from them. Alternately, most people just hold onto a bitcoin balance, spend out of that to enjoy discounts etc and then just rebuy btc at the same time (and thus the same price) to top the savings balance back up to what it was.
On the one hand that involves having a minor investment in BTC to keep the balance around, and that investment carries it's own risk/reward as the price changes. On the other hand you're just borrowing from that investment to buffer the delay getting coins from Coinbase or elsewhere and simultaneously to cancel any spread risk.
If you want to keep your Bitcoin balance zero at all times, and never verify with an exchange so that they could conceivably use *their* bitcoin balance to eliminate your spread risk, and never earn revenues in BTC yourself, and still "benefit from bitcoin" somehow you will have a tough road ahead of you. Reminds me of my friend who wants to claim to be an Austin resident in order to save on his state income taxes but doesn't want to actually live in Austin.
@_date: 2014-07-20 03:08:26
[reply to your sibling post]( suggesting that withdrawals are perfectly simple, so far.
@_date: 2014-12-17 08:51:25
The "sheets of paper" with differing numbers printed on them are Cash. People will exchange 100 times as much goods or services for a 100 dollar (or euro or ruble or yen) bill than they will for a bill marked with the number 1.
OP rhetorically asks why the sheets of paper with numbers printed on them are evaluated so differently based only on the arrangement of ink and then answers that it has to do with the mindset of the people trading the paper, and has little to do with the paper itself.
@_date: 2014-01-01 00:45:57
The Austrian view is that commodities have value to those who can trade in them, and that the market is made up of armies of independent actors who each have superior knowledge of local realities than any central planner could hope to rival. How is this perspective pseudo-scientific?
The Keynesian view is basically that money is a fiction and that economies prosper when you invent unlimited amounts of it to pump into the system to feed what amounts to giant martingale gambling schemes; trading apparent short-term stability for inevitable long-term collapse.
@_date: 2014-12-03 20:48:10
So wait, at this stage in the conversation am I meant to create my own [throwaway account](and post a sob story about how I lost $40k usd that I deposited to a Wells Fargo but the next day they claimed to have never heard of me and all that money is now gone, and of course silly me I forgot to keep any receipts?
I think you overestimate how committed I am to trying to humiliate you, brah.
@_date: 2014-01-27 04:33:26
Sell goods or services to remote customers, get paid in bitcoin. 
[localbitcoins]( has tons of ads for both online and in-person exchanges in and around Cape Town.
It only takes a few people getting coin into the country for it to circulate. Once there, it's a fine replacement for Rands. Whoever trades in it doesn't suffer from the inflation, it won't take much in this ecosystem to raise the demand enough we can see the price move from here. :J
@_date: 2014-08-27 03:33:51
Increase it compared to what?
@_date: 2014-01-22 21:54:07


Wait, lots of people "get" bitcoin by purchasing them. Those who get paid wages in bitcoin, or sell off huge amounts of merchandice it makes sense to classify as income, since you'd do the same with fiat. But are you saying you'd have to pay income tax on the bitcoin you purchase in cash? :P
@_date: 2014-04-21 09:19:17
[There is a Third Way](
@_date: 2014-07-24 02:30:35


Understood, but since you are advanced enough to control your own coin you literally do not require Coinbase's assistance on that front. In my view, their products cater to people who lack either the skill or the freedom of time/effort to perfect their own home-spun storage solutions, even from off the shelf components like Electrum or Armory.
Some people do trust BCI's client-side wallet mechanism more than human administration, but most balk at the security surface area of a browser plugin to really protect them from threats like malware or compromised account credentials (which in this case instantly decrypt the wallet and allow immediate, unexpected withdrawal).


The vault product sits between the user and coinbase, not between coinbase and the assets they protect. Whatever Coinbase's cold storage protocols are do stand between Coinbase and the assets, but those in turn are not directly related to the Vault product.
Thus, if Coinbase either maliciously chose to — or if their hardened account security was compromised to the tune of allowing somebody else to — (and not withstanding that you could still sue them for doing so) they could definitely just alter your Vault's balance in their system to zero, and optionally credit some other account or initiate a withdrawal to a bitcoin address in the amount of what was credited to your vault account. If that withdrawal was large enough to exhaust their hot wallet, then they would have to follow their internal protocols to access their cold wallet to withdraw more still, which in and of itself acts as a nice stop-gap to defend against third parties hacking them, at least.
The Vault product does not physically prevent Coinbase from moving the funds under their care as they see fit, but it does help to prevent *imposters impersonating you* from abusing your login credentials to snipe all of the funds out of your account with a single withdraw so quickly you can't even react or stop the event.
@_date: 2014-02-21 00:38:17
I'm not certain the above posters' advice is at all accurate. You can see the most recent blocks at this address: 
We've had 6 blocks in the past 33 minutes as of this writing, and I don't see any blocks for the last several hours more than 14 minutes apart.
@_date: 2014-03-20 18:36:54
*shrugs* Neo &amp; Bee in Cyprus is the most talked about Bitcoin bank-like institution at the moment. They launched at about the same time as all of the Gox controversy.
@_date: 2014-03-14 22:21:17


So you're saying it's impossible to loan money on full reserve, AKA, loaning money *somebody actually has to loan out* instead of loaning other people's deposits and hoping they never call you on it?
@_date: 2014-08-06 11:03:36
[He probably says something like this](
@_date: 2014-01-22 21:46:59
If it's an answer, it's direct, and optionally if it's accurate and helpful then how is it not a direct answer? õ_O
@_date: 2014-02-01 06:08:03
Where you see a loyal fanbase I see billions of dollars of wealth held by people looking for convenient ways to spend it. Potentially capital gains free, to boot in comparison with selling out to cash (depending on how the tax law gets decided)..
It's basically merchant saying "Hey, let me help take all of that heavy money off of your shoulders!" :P
@_date: 2014-11-22 13:37:34
Then how is Bitcoin "restricted" to anybody beyond networked computer use? õ_O
@_date: 2014-07-20 02:39:44
1&gt; So long as Dell is only receiving it's revenue in USD, it could service customers from anywhere on the planet just fine using Coinbase
2&gt; points are all accurate: Coinbase waves the fee on the first $1,000,000 usd of revenue, that's basically a free $100k bribe right there. And Coinbase has thousands of Bitcoin users storing BTC in wallets, meaning for those users the process is simpler than even sending naked BTC, which is the only option Bitpay allows.
3&gt; Coinbase may have better income reporting tools (I know they added that recently on their blog).
4&gt; Bitpay may be older, but Coinbase is more well advertised
5&gt; Bitpay doesn't bundle in any fashion for consumers to *buy* bitcoin with Fiat, while Coinbase does
Coinbase is doing a helluva job eating Bitpay's lunch, right about now. ;3
@_date: 2014-12-22 11:50:20
Then once QC becomes powerful enough to make that kind of attack reasonable (we'll have started evacuation so that hopefully most people will have moved on long before it gets *that* easy to attack!) it may make sense for well-trusted mining pools to accept "late-movers, evacuate the old pool" encrypted channels so that people can securely offer them transactions that they can discretely mine until 1-conf, even if it takes an otherwise inconvenient time for them to get the next block. :3
@_date: 2014-12-19 20:40:55
Since this is the same argument in a different post, I'll employ a different illustration this time.
I wonder how folks in the nineties convinced people that the internet allows you to talk to friends, when they would just complain that the internet ties up the phone line you were already using to talk to friends?
Even though it did, even at that primitive time, the internet offered features the telephone did not. Text email, group chatrooms, moderated forums, and you could talk to people in another state or another country without the long distance fees using the phone directly would cost you. 
Of course today (with better adoption than it had in the nineties) it not only does not tie up a phone line, but my phone runs over the internet instead of the other way around.
Now with higher bandwidth than ever before, I can also use Skype (or Hangouts or Oovoo or H232 etc) to have both audio and video teleconference calls in realtime with dozens of people simultaneously from every corner of the planet at no cost beyond my broadband fee.
Bitcoin is at the stage the Internet was in the mid-nineties, when it was "better than telephone" but when residential access was still cheaper running over an existing telephone than it was leasing a T1. Bitcoin can be "better than fiat" when all interested parties are using it directly, partly because you do not *need* a third party involved, but you still get to choose third parties to help with a la cart heavy lifting if you prefer that to pure DIY.
Regardless, that is better than being *required* to sign up to a single, global administrative entity with no incentive to upgrade the same broken credit card system we've been using in the US since the early 1970's.
@_date: 2014-11-16 04:28:51
One that you do not require an OLED display to interact with.
@_date: 2014-06-20 08:03:42
There's a ton of Bitcoin ATMs in the US.
Lots of people on Localbitcoins allow you to buy BTC by depositing into their bank account, and then force the banks to play whack-a-mole with the low volume accounts. But bigger organizations like Bitfloor that used to do that in a more official capacity got their bank accounts shut off.
@_date: 2014-07-16 21:31:55
None of those concerns mean diddly in the face of anonymizing infrastructure that anybody can build on top of BTC, such as tumblers, coinjoin, or trading in and out of other currencies like Zerocoin.
At the end of the day any player, vendor, or country who refuses to see all money as green will economically lose out in comparison to anybody else who just doesn't care. 
Because the market will not shun the dirty money, the market will instead starve the picky traders. They will be perceived as damage and routed around.
@_date: 2014-10-06 08:18:51
I.. don't see why? I spend all the time and then top off. *shrugs*
@_date: 2014-09-24 21:42:44


In the early days of the internet that is how one would get online, yes. You would dial into some kid's house down the street who operated a Bulletin Board, and that kid in turn would dial some long distance number to a university once per night to ferry everybody's emails to and from the internet at large. You could dial through yourself except that the access number was always congested during the day, and end-users didn't want to fiddle with middle-of-the-night effort or with fine tuning modem settings or tcp/ip stack configuration etc.
That kid down the street would eventually become the local dial-up ISP with thousands of customers throughout the area, before the telco DSL/Cable monopoly drove him out of business.
We're at that stage today. You can buy/sell BTC to friends and family on demand and shield them from the multi-day trade hurdles and complexities until Circle and similar services come out .. each of which require MSB licensing and millions of dollars in bonding and paperwork covering 48 different stupidly litigious states.
@_date: 2014-03-07 19:48:37
Wrongly accusing somebody of being a multi-millionair who may turn out to have enemies and thus endangering them and their family is.
@_date: 2014-09-20 20:36:19
[How a psychological hurdle makes you look]( to everybody else.
@_date: 2014-06-11 22:53:13
"wala!"  dying squirtle
@_date: 2014-12-09 21:53:13
That's the reason that professionals get bond insurance (and that labor regulations often require it). Somebody has to do the dirty jobs and make the tough decisions that inevitably lead to hundreds of thousands or millions of dollars of loss. So instead of everybody being too scared to take a risk no single player could afford, you spread that cost around to the entire labor base capable of the errors in question until it becomes affordable and then progress can confidently continue.
Obviously getting your ass saved by VC funding is not the same as getting your ass saved by insurance, but it does offer a wake up call to the neuvo financial development community about how to properly cover their asses at least. :/
@_date: 2014-02-05 21:45:06
Your characterization shows a positive confidence at the interval [-1%, -0.5%] which is outside of the result domain, thus also demonstrably inaccurate.
@_date: 2014-12-03 05:25:42
Unless.. they accept Bitcoin. Hint: If this is Bitstamp moving around cold storage, then their customers certainly expect to withdraw BTC.
@_date: 2014-05-12 20:13:50
@_date: 2014-02-23 15:08:47
What alternative do you recommend? Break the law, or no ATM?
@_date: 2014-02-21 01:57:15
Let's see if we can put this in a different context.
Let's say that Bitrium becomes a hot new item in the precious metals' market, and one of the first services on the scene to exchange it is Spox.
A community springs up around this new commodity, trade of which is unregulated for some obtuse political reason, and the community is very interested both in the awesome new scientific potential of the metal Bitrium (electrical properties, use in quantum computers, whatever) and the growth potential of owning some of it. So at first lots of people trade on Spox.
But eventually other places to trade begin to mature and compete, and Spox shows that it can't scale. It keeps making headlines because it's platform crashes, political regulation of Bitrium trade begins to manisfest and Spox runs afoul of this, having it's US accounts seized and losing millions.. Spox is sued for millions for failing to honor a business venture.. Spox stops being reliable with it's bank wires to get fiat in and out, etc.
The community raises a stink daily in every forum about how badly Spox sucks. It spends over a year with it's market price detached from the rest of the world due to arbitrage being impossible. Then *finally* it grows insolvent and tries it's best to manipulate Bitrium prices in an effort to pay off it's debts.
Then posts about how Bitrium is a terrible metal and the quantum computers made out of it run slow and generate errors as a direct result of Bitrium supporters not being sufficiently compassionate to people who were still trading on Spox and keeping their terrible platform financed when the other shoe finally dropped.
Also, keep in mind that every day investments denominated in US Dollars go sour. Did you lose any money in [the Savings and Loans scandal of the 1980's]( How about people buying into the 2008 housing bubble? Do we need to erect a monument to their loss and mark a day of silence on the calender to demonstrate our contrition, or should we learn from these lessons how not to get burned as the world continues to turn?
@_date: 2014-12-12 05:49:16


As long as their back office systems are flexible enough to handle business with unknown bank X or previously unused national currency Y in a pinch (and what self-respecting back office can't handle that?) then handling Bitcoin would be child's play.
@_date: 2014-09-17 21:55:26
They are Gift Certificate Cards, OP says so elsewhere in the thread. I did recommend voiding them, but 9/10 there's a good reason that doesn't work (franchise store can't void franchise cards, cards already used elsewhere, yada yada)
@_date: 2014-02-27 00:41:09
I'm .. actually surprised at the responses below which all go on about "Of course Bitcoin will be around 100 years from now".
I shrug my shoulders. It may be, it may not. *I* certainly won't be around anymore so it's not skin off my nose. But that's no reason not to build a protocol designed to survive so long, over-engineering can be a good thing. :3
@_date: 2014-09-26 22:13:58
A broken clock can be right 24 hours per day so long as The Party prescribes that the time is always 4 o'clock, and has always been 4 o'clock.
@_date: 2014-01-30 02:58:14
Yeah, that's what I try to hew to also. Doesn't make it less annoying how people can treat you, though. Luckily I haven't caught more flack than what OP describes. :J
@_date: 2014-12-07 17:48:03


It's down to the maintainers to decide what gets added, but even the maintainers have no functional say over what other additional experts may be peeking over the code and it only takes one fourteen year old from Latvia to notice and point out a flaw for it to become the most hotly discussed news item, complete with recalls and release blocking within the day.
Also it's important to remember that *no* software is perfectly safe from fault. Rogue elements adding faults is way, way, *way* less common than rogue elements simply finding existing faults and learning how to bend those to do 100% of their bidding.
@_date: 2014-01-05 07:27:07


Largely thanks to regulatory issues, Bitcoin ATMs aren't everywhere yet.. but their function is irrefutably simple, fast, and secure. :P
@_date: 2014-12-11 00:18:26


Costco does. Bimart did, though after 20 years the campaign ultimately didn't succeed. Fred Meyers (Krogers), Safeway and Albertsons heavily sell their club memberships and pivot important discounts against it, but do not strictly require it.
However none of these grocery stores are beholden to MSB laws because they do not help you move money from one person to another; and to any extent that they might (MoneyGram in store, for example) then that service *will* require PII from both sides.


I don't understand this statement. There exists demand for bitcoin invoicing, especially to help new users who don't understand concepts like addresses or wallet security. If they can make money by providing a service, even if Fincen regulations require them to collect PII of all parties who use it, why should they not provide the service and earn the profit? If you do not like the service because you do not want to give out PII or follow a sign-in process, then don't use it.
@_date: 2014-08-28 22:09:09
The counter-argument would be that "human interaction" is not sometimes illegal by way of defining any illegal interaction as no longer being "human", but instead "criminal". Same story for commerce.
While censorship or zero tolerance may be a poor way to achieve it, at some level it is in our society's best interest to disincentivize illegal activity (be it human behavior or commerce) because our society's citizens overwhelmingly wish to live in a world free from any rational basis for anxiety to lawfully interact without being harmed or violated.
If the likelihood of being injured, raped, mugged, kidnapped or murdered just for walking out your door every morning starts becoming more likely than 1:10,000 or 1:1,000 then an overwhelming number of people will avoid ever going out their doors and aggregate productivity will crater. In aggregate people will only observe laws (including property laws and contracts) so long as those same laws and agreements offer them sufficient personal security, or else you will get rioting, revolution and/or organized crime.
I do agree that many victimless crimes including production, sale or possession of most drugs would be far better decriminalized and gainfully regulated than utterly outlawed as they are today (*especially* with better therapy options for addicts) but I also think that questions of changing the law and of disobeying or evading it are a little bit separate.
@_date: 2014-07-09 18:50:34
So wading waist deep in other people's shit is dignified, having sex with somebody is desperate. Of course that makes our entire race desperate, as 99.9% of people have sex with each other while only a small sliver of people wade around in other people's feces: paid or not.
In your next sentence, did you really just say that no people enjoy sex, and then follow that up with "this has nothing to do with sex negativity"? Or is that "for a few dollars" supposed to be meaningful, like anybody who enjoys any hobby suddenly isn't allowed to have fun just because money gets pushed their way?
If no men or women enjoy sex enough to receive payment for it, then why do some men or women (yes, mostly men) enjoy it so much they will pay out to have it?
@_date: 2014-09-26 22:23:00
Found hung in closet, must have been a fetishist all along. That or prescription drug overdose.
@_date: 2014-01-05 07:12:15
Really? I do live in the united states, and here is the process I had to go through to pay with debit card the last time I made a digital download purchase:
1. Enter name, two fields
1. Enter billing street address
1. City
1. State
1. Zip code
1. Billing telephone number
1. Manually type in 16 digit credit card number
1. fiddle with select boxes to select month and year expiration, no keyboard shortcuts
1. CVV2
1. Yep, they made me select the card type in a dropdown too.
1. Hit go, VISA Card Secure or whatever it is steps in and wants me to repeat a lot of this data:
1. Name
1. Zip code
1. Special Via Cardsecure Pin
1. Payment declined, talk to bank for more details.
1. Wait until morning, spend my coffee break at work calling the bank. They flagged transaction because Mojang is apparently some kind of computer store in Sweden that they've never heard of, and my spending activity indicates I probably didn't fly to sweden that quickly.
17. Go to step 1 and repeat.
Here is the same process with bitcoin.
1. Website displays BTC amount, payment address, but also QR code summarizing all of the above.
2. Open [Bitcoin smartphone app]( and press QR button
3. Shine phone cam at qr code, it beeps
4. Optionally type my password to authorize transaction
5. Mash "send" like some kind of felon :P
@_date: 2014-08-06 03:05:23


But it's not the Judge's *job* to be critical of the evidence, it is the *defense's* job. The Judge's job is making certain that both sides have reasonable access to all of the evidence that they need to demonstrate their cases.
If the prosecution says "We got this evidence, doesn't matter how which in turn means doesn't matter if we just made it up" then the defense either gets to tear that evidence apart [with a fine toothed comb]( to determine how legitimate it is, or else the entire system of due process would stop working.
@_date: 2014-11-17 19:37:42


Proving a negative may be difficult but disproving it is as simple as finding a single counterexample.
You claim this mess was started "under the guise of feminism" but that you doubt the existence of "people who identify themselves as *real* feminists" who would agree with the former.
Are sex-negative conservatives not allowed to identify themselves as "real" feminists? Because I don't get the impression that Chris Plante, Arielle Duhaime-Ross, or Katie Mack have "fake feminist" printed on their business stationary.
@_date: 2014-02-28 14:56:17
Compare with the US government refusing to allow Germany to either withdraw or inspect over 30 billion dollars worth of gold we held on their behalf, some speculate due to insolvency. 
Same shit, different shovel. It doesn't mean that gold is a horrible currency, just that anyone holding your wealth for you.. In any form.. may prove to be insolvent. 
@_date: 2014-09-21 22:34:50
But Coinbase *does* do that directly. The customer just has to sign up for them and use them as payment processor the same as any customer has to sign up for paypal and link their bank account or credit card info there.. just with a longer wait period to get to the instant spend capacity.
If I tell coinbase to pay another coinbase user (or pay out to a bitcoin address) and my bitcoin balance is either empty or insufficient to cover it, then Coinbase will instantly make the payment for me and withdraw the correct amount of USD funds from my bank.
While this all *technically works*, it's not enough to meet the needs OP sites of payments being transparently convenient to customers who presumably already have credit cards and/or paypal accounts.
OP: who are you seeking to be anonymous *from* precisely? Who would you be embarrased to find out about your business? Wife/family, bank, US govt, your customers? The paypal/credit network *cannot transparently finance* a merchant who is anonymous to the bank or the government in particular due to concerns or money laundering. Also any solution you choose has to be compatible with chargebacks (Bitcoin is not) in order to accept payments from Paypal/Credit, since there will inevitably exist people out there trying to pay with stolen account info or who use their own account info but then claim it was stolen to try to claw their money back.
@_date: 2014-09-20 04:48:46
Great way to depolorize your expensive smartphone there, friend x3
@_date: 2014-07-02 18:45:33
Curses, Bitcoin CEO running his mouth off again!
@_date: 2014-09-27 23:18:00
* Kid loses the ten spot
* Takes it to school to buy lunch, bully steals it
* Most of what she wants to buy with allowance is online, then wat?
* Week after that, Bitcoin jumps up 40%. Or 400%, or 4000%, it's certainly not unheard of at any rate.
@_date: 2014-07-24 01:09:27
What's probably more directly relevant to the question is that they do not store addresses on behalf of clients (aside from deposit addresses), they store your funds via internal accounting and hold 100% reserve.
So they would not, for example, safeguard your BIP38 wallet so that you no longer have to. They might add a feature to sweep funds out of addresses for you (I know that BCI has that feature for example) but there are few methods you could use to communicate your private key information over the wire to them that would hold a candle to the safety of you just *using* that BIP38 wallet locally to sign a transaction moving the funds to a Coinbase deposit address. :3
@_date: 2014-10-01 04:58:19
Then.. do not entrust both of your authentication tokens to the same device? That has nothing to do with multisig, that is simply common sense security on par with "don't write your bank pin on your debit card", and for precisely the same reason. õ_O
@_date: 2014-07-21 23:55:16
Trezor supports X509 certificates. There's not a ton of support for it in other software just yet, but that means your b-in-l can issue you not just a payment address but a cryptographically signed invoice. You just need his X509 key installed on your Trezor beforehand, and then you are safe even trying to satisfy said invoice on a completely compromised computer in the future. :3
@_date: 2014-02-23 14:56:51
Lol, "perhaps if you don't sell a service I personally enjoy you shouldn't be in business at all?" xD
@_date: 2014-09-24 21:58:24
Just keep an emergency stash under the mattress. I've heard that mattresses do not have the same $25 withdrawal limit. ;3
@_date: 2014-07-20 23:16:35
1. For the same reason that people would "buy Paypal Dollars" to purchase things at merchants that offer Paypal. 
2. For the same reason that people will prefer their "premium credit card" that gives them 1% frequent flier miles they never get to use thanks to blackout dates instead of a standard credit card. Compare that with 3% reward points you can use on your next purchase via eGifter or Gyft, or 3% additional direct discount through eGifter, 10%-25% promotional discounts that are popular this season, and we'll see whether or not they bother to go away when retailers might save no less than a good hunk of that evading buyer fraud via the broken credit card model.
3. In cases where the merchant is already better trusted by the buyer than your supposed "proper consumer protections" provider, such as Paypal or VISA. Who is more likely to short change you or freeze your balances, Paypal or Wal-mart?
4. To avoid disclosing sensitive identity information unneeded for the purchase. Digital downloads, subscriptions to online services, VPNs, hosting, etc. Credit Cards require a customer to disclose absolutely every personally identifying thing about themselves that any potentially fraudulent merchant would need to commit identity fraud against them. This "consumer protection" you laud means little when the attacker gets to prove they are you more strongly than you can, and I would rather risk the amount of one purchase than risk forced bankruptcy over using a Credit Card at a single unknown merchant to buy a $100 worth of merch.
5. In industries with such high incidents of buyer fraud that [the processing fees reach 40% or more]( Adult entertainment and products, gambling, liquor, travel and travel planning, hotels, etc.
6. [35% of the world's population]( is unbanked. Banking is expensive to extend to some areas of the world, cultures, and circumstances. But even financially and geographically disadvantaged people frequently obtain cell phones and smart phones which is all it takes to strongly verify your identity and to participate in the bitcoin network. Bitcoin reduces the costs of remittance and foreign currency conversion by factors of ten or more.
And all of this doesn't even scratch the surface of the opportunities of receiving Bitcoin as payment or wage and then spending that directly, allowing some of your assets to never have to be converted back or forth into fiat to begin with.
But this is about the seventh time that somebody has asked "*why* would *anybody ever* use Bitcoin to buy things?" in the past, I always post a list like this off the top of my head and they say "But that doesn't describe *me* so I don't care about any of it!" So I am just pre-emptively disclaiming that I am replying to your query in relation to "why would *anybody*". I don't care if some specific individuals still don't want to, I can't make anybody do anything. But I can describe why a trend exists to people who genuinely don't understand what bus they are missing.
@_date: 2014-10-23 18:39:52
[Paracelsus]( disagrees with you.
@_date: 2014-09-26 22:12:45
Other things that it pays to keep basically an infinite archival of:
Dependable yet inexpensive USB mice and keyboards. I don't go in for wireless mice or mice with side buttons, just 2 button + scrollwheel optical usb for me please, and they're inexpensive as all hell too (&lt;$10 usd)! Great for a family that constantly spills liquids on the input devices! :O
USB cables. A-&gt;B, B-&gt;micro for phones and junk, USB3 for drives and devices that can use that, etc.
Office supplies: Pens, scissors, rulers, tape measures, sticky note pads, printer paper, patch cables.
@_date: 2014-08-06 20:37:01


Every month I get a check from my business that does not properly support automatic deposit nor use the same bank that I do. I have to visit their bank, cash the check, *show* my ID that never leaves the counter, and get cash that I then have to go back to my bank to deposit.
Do you need me to videotape this proceeding to post to youtube for you or something?


However, Bitlicence would not allow any Bitcoin commerce at any volume whatsoever to go unregulated. Not &lt;$500 with severe limitations, not less than $5.




And those strict regulations allow them to denominate their profits in any asset form that they choose. They are in no way comparable to Bitlicense.


You're not listening to me, are you? Bitlicense does not limit itself to what "every major financial institution on earth" is allowed.
Besides, what is the functional difference with investing your profits in a different bank denominated in a different currency and simply denominating your profits in BTC, and storing them in the same local infrastructure your depositors BTC funds are stored and regulated in?\


MtGox caused catastrophic loss of depositor funds for it's clients, no different than Madoff. It has had zero discernable effect for anybody else.
In contrast, irresponsible derivatives trading (which you've dismissed as a "No True Scottsman" even though we've already agreed that MtGox never even passed Fince muster) caused catostrophic damage *to the entire global economy*, so much so that banks around the world are still going belly up over it today.
Bitcoin requires no regulation to prevent that sort of bullshit because it is not a debt-issued currency and can never be subject to supply-side abuse.
@_date: 2014-03-25 22:57:55


However the Escrow itself folded, leaving tons of people in the lurch.
Other Escrow systems like BitMit closed down much more gracefully so that nobody was left in the lurch, however we're still trying to build the infrastructure by which consumers could be protected in a manner where recourse does not rely on yielding your funds completely to a third party whom you then have to trust to remain solvent.
2-of-2 and 2-of-3 transaction signing are some of the more exciting solutions. There are also some ideas being thrown around for distributed escrow protocols, OOB transaction insurance services, etc.
@_date: 2014-02-07 00:49:16
It sounds to me as though point is that regulations are meant to be *preventative*. They make it illegal to do the things that lead up to an illegal theft, because once you've stolen a cool $100 mil and weaseled your way out of the country it doesn't matter if somebody tries your case 18 months later and finds you guilty in absentia.
Now mind you, I don't actually wish for legislation, I'm just trying to help clarify the argument on the other side of the aisle. :)
@_date: 2014-01-23 01:57:17
*shrugs*, he doesn't appear to be obnoxious in this particular thread and I have yet to see him posting foul anywhere else. All I'm doing is taking him to task on accuracy, and he's not being uncivil about it. :3
@_date: 2014-01-16 20:59:34
1&gt; impossibility of unauthorized recurring billing, as you've mentioned
2&gt; impossibility of identity theft from a shady processor. And let's face it, porn is shady by a definition (as people are overwhelmingly turned on by taboo)
3&gt; benefits to the merchant. Lower fees, zero chargeback risk, zero payment processor censorship
4&gt; Let's focus on that last one. If your payment processor hamstrings you because they are scandalized to support legal fetish X, then you as a producer will shy away from supporting that and the consumer market can't get that demand met.
5&gt; Geographic freedom. Porn producers do not have to come from the same geographic region as you, partner with payment processors that serve your banking region, and do not have to receive their revenue in your currency either. Producers in Greenland can serve consumers in Zimbabwe with zero special handling.
6&gt; resolving all of the above issues is a positive feedback loop. More people buying with better confidence and anonymity a wider range of porn from producers who can accept your money with greater confidence and lower fees all means that more high quality content will be produced in total. All of the torrenting freeloaders are basically limited by the same maxim; if it isn't being produced then you're not going to see it for free either.
@_date: 2014-12-22 11:44:50


BTC never touches SHA1 with a ten foot pole. It uses not only SHA256, but double-SHA256 as a bid to defeat content length extension attacks everywhere it needs a hash except for public address generation, where it uses RIPEMD-160 instead.
@_date: 2014-08-04 23:13:44
No confirmation required. Most importantly, the original advertisement was being a little bit dishonest when they call this a "blockchain technology". The tech actually doesn't have a thing to do with the blockchain, it just re-uses Bitcoin's built in message signing protocol.
You're doing nothing but proving that you have the private key associated with the bitcoin address you've chosen as login credential. The blockchain is used in transactions to allow you to not only prove that, but additionally to prove you had the funds available to clear your proposed transaction at the time of posting.
@_date: 2014-12-12 05:44:56


Er.. what do you mean? Both M$ and Dell accept Bitcoin (albeit through different merchant gateways) and both merchant gateways allow you to specify what % of the income you wish to convert to local fiat and what percent to hold in BTC.
Buying BTC is never necessary when you can just adjust the faucet to stop selling it for a moment, instead. :P
@_date: 2014-02-23 16:21:19
The payment address is perfectly random. Every time you approach the machine, so long as you're following best practices you are either scanning a unique QR code of your deposit address or you're having a brand new paper wallet printed out.
@_date: 2014-12-15 07:27:16


Gee, almost sounds like power having motivation *not* to consolidate, to me.
@_date: 2014-12-18 00:31:03
If somebody does something cool, and I reward them via any means (like, subscribe, retweet, upvote, gild, tip, etc) then the best possible outcomefrom my perspective is that they react favorably and magnify whatever portion of their repertoire I have positively assessed, yes. Because I'm going to tend to reward whatever kinds of content I would prefer to see more of and they are going to tend to measure success for whatever their mission is (even if it's not monetary, it may be just expressing themselves or validation or anything) via such feedback.
@_date: 2014-08-05 01:04:12
You are assuming the wrong context.
Actions are taken by *people*, and historically the *people* who controlled chattel slaves have enjoyed more wealth and control than the people who administered much more powerful nations that may in fact have lasted over longer dynasties.
The myopic leaders of today must ask themselves: would I rather be Winston Churchill or Ghengis Kahn? So long as their values are oriented on direct personal profit as opposed to balancing the quality of life of their offspring 20 generations down the road they will sacrifice the future (even their own future security 20 years down the road) in favor of instant gratification.
This is also the same reason that North Korea continues to exist to this day. That is the power that military leadership desires, so they maintain it. Yes it's endothermic, but the land is physically poor so it would be equally endothermic for anybody else to administer, either or else China would have bought them out by now.
@_date: 2014-08-28 20:19:41
in 2009 millions of people's credit histories were affected and the government got involved in very little more than making the people bail out the wealthy who started the whole mess.
@_date: 2014-02-27 01:17:40


I'm reminded of the end of Schindler's List where Oskar is bent over tearing himself down at the end of the war that he didn't live his life austerely enough to have saved even more lives than the thousands he had already succeeded in personally shepherding through hell.
"Could have realized greater windfall than I have" is not a punishment, it's a speculative comparison that tends to cut off your nose to spite your face.
You have to have food and shelter. Life is not worth living without entertainment and comfort. So what are the value of these if you pay $100 towards them instead of towards an investment you have high confidence will be worth $200 in less than a year?
That comparison may inspire you to live more austerely than you would have without such an investment at your disposal, but the curves have to cross somewhere and you *will* inevitably spend some wealth on yourself.
Alternately you could gamble the long-leveraged risk and *borrow* money to invest into Bitcoin. But that's the difference between risking your disposable wealth and risking debt against your long position.
The conjunction of Savings Vehicle and Payment Mechanism doesn't complicate this one stitch, either. If I had inside info that Gold was going to double in value over next year, it would be "Do I buy and hoard gold, or sell enough of it to pay the rent?" and with Bitcoin it's "Do I hoard my Bitcoin, or send enough of it to my landlord's coinbase account to pay the rent?"
The math doesn't change. If you have both Bitcoin and USD balances, and you choose to spend the USD while hoarding the Bitcoin, it still doesn't change. You can easily use USD to buy enough Bitcoin to make a purchase from a Bitcoin merchant without interfering with your unrelated Bitcoin savings balance.
@_date: 2014-07-11 20:39:46


To be fair, I think that "decentralization" does mean a lot to everyone, even if they happen to be insufficiently educated to understand it. So does "literacy", "freedom of the press", etc.
Keep this in mind though: a person who is not literate still benefits from a high percentage of literacy in the general population. A Person who never reads the newspaper still benefits from living in a culture which enjoys the freedom of the press. A person who runs open source software still benefits from the bazaar style development and bug elimination model even if they never personally audit the code.
A person who chooses to store their bitcoins in a centralized third party wallet service still benefits from the decentralized nature of Bitcoin at it's bare metal, in contrast to Fiat users who constantly get their purchasing power pilfered by the issuing bank.
So that might describe how our perspectives have differed thus far. I think that decentralization is monumentally important and amazing, and that any merchants or end-users who deal directly in it will get the greatest benefits in return for their non-trivial investment of time and frustration: but that end users who do not directly choose to participate in decentralization *still* experience indirect benefit sufficient to make this currency and payment system worth their while. :3
@_date: 2014-08-06 01:44:39


Yep, [here is what it feels like to get masturbated over in copraphilia town](
Hands you a towel. :(
@_date: 2014-01-28 20:38:52
Cryptonomy. Cryptonomics?
Ooh, ooh ooh, Cryptadical! :D
@_date: 2014-07-21 21:53:06
It doesn't have to be temporary, it just has to be optional. Old technologies almost never die: even today I can purchase a dial-up internet account and I can trade 8 tracks with other enthusiasts who still create the fresh cartridges in small batches.
Plus, for people who don't and may never feel ready to move beyond their tech, it helps to advertise this as "an option we (and many others) prefer, that will become very popular" in preference to "we will crush your feeble hopes and dreams". ;3
@_date: 2014-08-27 01:01:41
Look, have you ever seen a discount before? Black fridays, coupons in the newspaper, affiliate discounts, etc. The entire point of them is to *concentrate* a marketing effort.
In this case the marketing effort is two-fold: get (and keep!) the business of bitcoin holders, and get more people currently paying with credit card to start getting into the (cheaper for the merchant) Bitcoin groove instead.


The press release states August 30 to September 1 in the U.S. However they had a different sale just after their US bitcoin launch, and they may have similar sales every time they launch to a new country or whenever they feel like it.
Again, the point is that 2% discounts all the time won't move people enough so you try something closer to 30% discounts 7% of the time. Once customers who have Bitcoin get used to using those balances to buy at NewEgg, I think that continuing to do so after the sale ends makes more sense than having to liquidate via Coinbase et al and claim capital gains on everything.
@_date: 2014-01-27 23:17:56
But it is simple to predict certain kinds of likelihood from harm, such as likelihoods not materially modified by the decisions of others. Both neglecting your baby in a busy environment and carrying your baby in the same manner any primate would are fairly easy to predict and estimate a probability of harm due to misfortune.
The former has a much greater incidence of harm than any practical considerations would warrant while the latter is basically required by practicality and carries a vanishingly small incidence of harm. 
Likelihood of misfortune or of harm can never be zero. It can be greater than or less than practicality warrants. Another fine example is that if you *try* to shoot somebody, and due to the whims of fortune you just happen to miss so that they are not harmed, it is unreasonable to postulate that the attacker has not committed a crime due simply to the failure of the attacked to actually get injured.
@_date: 2014-02-28 14:44:18
You do not require a proxy to connect to a server in a different country than you are in. Also, I'm not even sure freenode has an irc server on Japan. 
@_date: 2014-03-14 19:56:47
Yeah, again, ignoring MtGox it reached as high as $1,150 *for a microsecond* and then it dipped as low as $500 *for a microsoecond*. These mileposts mean nothing to you as a transactor unless you completed complimentary transactions at *both* of those precise microseconds, in an unfavorable direction EG, if you buy just as it hits 1150 and then sell just as it hits 500, you could lose up to 56% of your investment.
If you're not trying exactly that hard to fail, then there is a grand total of 14 weeks (in non-consecutive intervals) out of Bitcoin's 5 year history where you might have bought in where you'll see a loss if you sold this instant. Loss might be 20% on average, of course if you bought any time other than those 14 weeks over the past year you're looking at 200% gains on average.
Alternately, we're talking about an asset that dips 5% when it's hugest institution goes insolvent and gains unspeakably every time somebody bothers to launch an innovative service on top of it. It's not getting any less rare or less useful over time. So, for those not inclined to sell at this instant, just hang out for awhile until the BTC price gains another digit or two.
Everyone who bought at June 2011's $31 peak, or Apr 2013's $280 peak? They're doing just fine today so long as they didn't panic sell, aren't they?
@_date: 2014-08-29 00:59:30


voluntarily executed on millions of computers worldwide by people who require the commodity to remain rare in order for their own holdings to retain value.
Woops, I changed the bit in the github hosted code. Now what happens?
Oh yeah. *nothing* unless you can obtain a nearly uninimous decision out of every bitcoin miner, merchant, and service to adopt the changed code.
@_date: 2014-09-03 21:27:42
There is no "beyond lulz". There is only "what surfaces have we failed to smear feces onto yet today? Because that's always hilarious, he he."
@_date: 2014-02-21 00:50:29
Correct, Doge and LTC use the exact same algorithm as Bitcoin except that they target a faster average time to find a block (irrelevant if your transaction has no fees and is thus popularly panned by miners at any speed) and use a different "hard math problem" (scrypt instead of SHA-256) in the mining process. Their rules about how transactions are formed and handled are precisely the same.
Whatever wallet software you are using, it's probably a good idea to configure it to include at minimum 0.0001 BTC per kilobyte fee. That's one tenth of a millibit, or ~5 cents at today's exchange rate. Most simple transactions are 1-2 kilobytes. Most wallets use this fee structure by default so that you don't have to think very hard about it.
Remember, Bitcoin protocol makes the transaction fees voluntary, but it makes including your transaction in a block equally voluntary. In the future this should translate to "less fees -&gt; slower confirm times", but today due to the ecosystem being so young it's basically "at least the same fees as reference client or you may never confirm". :J
@_date: 2014-09-16 22:12:18
should be proud, I'm pretty sure this printout is from his [Blockexplorer.com]( :3
@_date: 2014-09-30 21:32:56
Not particularly, no.
Bitcoin is nothing but a digital resource with a prescribed issuance. A counterfeit-proof, globally shared ledger. Whatever new shapes we work out for a post-scarcity (or at least post-human-productivity) economy I can see that particular tool always having value, even if we do never look at "money" the same way again.
But until we've shaped our economics to fit, value flows from productivity and "lol, don't care about muh finances" is the opposite of productivity; and the opposite of what our ecosystem is going to value.
Let me ask what your vocation is, and how much you appreciate people that take your livelihood for granted and do their best to benefit from your work while trying to avoid compensating you for it at all costs?
For most industries and for most cultures, money is a stand-in for time multiplied by skill. You can probably forgive those who disrespect your work, and offer no time nor skill of their own so long as they relinquish buttloads of money to you and you can probably appreciate anybody who offers time or skill and thus who demonstrably respect your endeavors even if they are on a budget. Am I right?
But those who cheap out on all three? What the hell good are those people to *any* industry? "I want it free and fast and without having to learn anything!" Well aren't you special. I'd make more money not giving you a damned thing and kicking you out of my shop instead, wouldn't I?
@_date: 2014-08-04 22:58:41
I don't understand. The login credential is a keypair in your bitcoin wallet. The incentive to steal *the private keys in your bitcoin wallet* have not changed, that tech was always used to secure money. Neither has the impetus to *use* Bitcoin addresses as third party authentication changed either the publicity or the feasibility for anybody to actually gain access to your wallet.
You might as well say that attaching your house keys to a chain on your purse either makes the purse easier to steal, or the house more desirable to break into. Neither would be true.
@_date: 2014-01-28 04:07:01
Even the documented addage "Of the people, by the people, for the people" does not suggest "indistinguishable from every individual" though. That's just delirium.
Yes, in the end it does come down to guns and the american citizenry is as outgunned by it's government as fenced cattle are by their owner. The only thing the owner has to do is to prevent something spooking the livestock to the point of stampede (and our government/corporate complex accomplishes this with bread and circuses), and even then a stampede does not a revolution make.
@_date: 2014-01-22 21:45:52
How would manually delivering the canned response be any different or better than a bot, aside from meaty flow control? :P
@_date: 2014-06-03 02:20:04
The one where your receiving addresses are a chain in cold storage, so that your clients have no direct influence on increasing how much is in your hot wallet? ;3
@_date: 2014-10-20 19:09:20
.. or any of the customers of the ISP / computer consulting company I work at, or at least 30% of the people who called into T-mobile customer care when I worked there (I am certain the real meat of average-and-below pop literally couldn't figure out how to dial us in that circumstance).
Hell, I couldn't even get to the next sentence *in this comment* without a colleague wandering downstairs to clarify that the reason one of our apartment-complex clients kept kicking network alarms so far from different parts of their campus this morning is because the apartment owners had hired somebody to "install security cameras" and the guy doing it has no idea how to affix these things to walls without interrupting power *to entire buildings* at once.
I mean in that Nye vs Ham debate, you did notice how the entire auditorium was packed, and that every audience member supported Ham, right?
@_date: 2014-07-09 20:15:24
Right, and if you plumb but you refuse to do the house with shit smeared all over the walls, you don't get paid to do that job and might get fired. Again, you are failing to differentiate sex work from any other kind of work.
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:17:56
[Citation Needed]
@_date: 2014-02-04 01:22:45
Interesting, but Credit Card and Paypal payments are equally vulnerable to the method of "just make up something perverted", so your point is moot.
@_date: 2014-11-28 18:58:10


Have you never dealt with prepaid long distance cards before? Sometimes a given company changes their prices or a cheaper company starts up. You used to have to pay 15c(usd)/minute to call from Uganda to Germany, but some hotshot started selling cards this morning at 3c/min. Or, a week later that hotshot stop selling cards in shops at your area so 3c/min becomes 12c/min because the first company put on a sale for damage control purposes. You can get this one card at 10c/min for 30 minute blocks but you could get 5c/min if you buy 600 minute blocks.. but they expire in 3 months.


You are bald faced comparing the highest sell price Nov 12 with the *lowest* buy price Nov 13, neither extreme held for more than an hour, and you are *still* only getting a 13% change instead of the 25% you were trying to claim a moment ago.
Of course Nov 12 *24 hour average* was 390, and Nov 13's 24 hour average was only 6% higher at 415.


It's only a huge problem to a day trader who feels naked without his low-latency day trading bots. When everybody you are trading with is exactly as isolated from Bitfinex accounts as you are, one day bubbles on the that same far away market mean precisely dick. Prices and wages are sticky and the local environment will probably float it's own independent, much more slowly changing exchange rate anyhow. If I sold two pomegranates for 10kbits yesterday, why should I care if the same 10kbits is worth 7% more or 7% less today in Europe (where I have no access to anyway) since I'm selling two more pomegranates out of the same case that are now worth less themselves because they're closer to their expiration date?


I've already argued "it's only as volatile as your proximity to the market", which is low out here, but let's talk about friction for a moment too. A lot of people in poor countries have family that have traveled to wealthier countries to help finance matters at home. 
What is the *friction*, the guaranteed loss when you try to send USD or Euros into a rural area via the most popular option, Western Union? Something like 10-12% transfer fee and then another 5% conversion to the local fiat? Or you could send Bitcoin to their coinapult account and pay 100 bits (~$0.03usd). From there any BTC they spend costs no conversion fee, and any BTC spent by that merchant to their supplier costs no conversion fee, and so on. Only the bits of the remittance which *have* to be converted to the local shilling incur a fee, which through local Bitcoin person to person exchange is only going to be 3-5%, or through popular automated Mpesa exchange services as low as 2%.
So like with any money, people will have Bitcoin because they can get more of it cheaper than the local shilling. People will prefer to spend their bitcoin instead of first converting it for the same drive to save money. Merchants will adopt it in favor of losing business, and continue the pressure thusly. The bitcoin you hold might devalue 7% in a day, or it may increase 7% instead.. your shillings and your goods will go in no direction but down in value.


It costs friction to *either* convert into *or* have WU remit you any of more stable currencies such as USD or Euro, and merchants don't want to hold and secure more than one kind of paper currency. These people mostly have no access to banking aside from SMS banking such as Bitcoin or Mpesa local fiat, so they cannot electronically pay their merchants in USD or Euro either. QED.
@_date: 2014-07-06 16:33:14
Wait, wait a second.. telling people to switch from system A to system B is ridiculous.. just because then they can't use system A anymore?
Currently, they use Paypal and have ACH linked to their bank account. If they *hate* paypal, they can easily hook their bank account to Coinbase (solutions vary in different countries though), too.
Now they can trade Bitcoin with any other people who deal in bitcoin, and they can even choose to shield themselves from the currency volatility if they wish. What about the people that they can *only* pay in Paypal? Well, they can *either still use Paypal just for those people*, or boycott paypal and thus cut off those people: their choice.
But this *is* all about choice, is it not?
And probably the most important of all, if they get most of their revenue *receiving* P2P payment online, then they can accept Coinbase/Bitpay/BIPS etc in addition to paypal *and any revenue sent through Bitcoin stays out of Paypal's account suspending grasp*.
@_date: 2014-07-23 23:34:27
Well you've certainly got a lot of morally charged, [if by whiskey]( adjectives in there.
I'm not going to be able to properly understand your personal anti-government or anti-regulation position without first knowing what backdrop you would view as either more natural or alternately superior for the well-being of the individual (and what sorts of beings or organizations might qualify as "individual" in this case: yes I have had this discussion with folks who felt that chattel slavery should be brought back ;P).
For example, if you're an ancap you might prefer removing the monopoly on violence so that [companies]( can trade violence-services on the free market. 
But if you're a non-capitalist anarchist or an argorist or any number of other folks who might wish to do away with government entirely then I know little enough about those popular positions to even engage just yet, so better insight would be appreciated. :)
@_date: 2014-07-26 10:27:08
Oh I use it, but it's in no fashion secure against [a concerted attacker]( Just like the fingerprint it's basically a "beyond my neighbor's pay scale" sort of a doorlock. ;3 
@_date: 2014-02-21 00:59:03
The other thread on your post describes that, based on your statement that you didn't include a transaction fee, the miners who mined all of these blocks probably chose not to include your transaction since they're not being recompensed for it.
If you'd like to be completely certain, you may share your transaction ID or address you spent to with us, and we can look it over to be sure there's nothing exotic at work. But it's probably just "no fee, no notary".
As they've said, after 24 hours your wallet will let you spend those funds again. You're welcome to try "confirmnext". I've never used it so i can't guarantee it will function as advertised, but this would be a fine opportunity to find out. 
@_date: 2014-09-03 00:29:54
Keep in mind, Bitcoin's promise is not limited to every player having to handle everything themselves any more than OSS's promise is limited to every person having to audit and understand every line of source code themselves. A precompiled OSS binary (ideally signed by a trusted compiler, as is common with linux repositories) can be vetted by a world full of software experts in addition to the original developers, and you don't have to be a software expert yourself to reap that security benefit.
Bitcoin's open architecture means that if you choose for somebody else to secure your presence in the system, you at least get to choose *who* does that work for you. Coinbase? Bitpay? BIPS? Any funds you receive which you choose not to convert to USD you can then withdraw into ten times as many different turnkey wallet solutions including GreenAddress and Trezor that remove 99% of the attack area regardless of a merchant's IT and security chops.
But at no time does a merchant hold *any* personally identifiable information on behalf of customers that they don't have to for delivery needs. At no time must merchant develop and maintain bank-level security to secure their own funds either.
@_date: 2014-01-23 19:11:22
"profit" was already covered by your step two though. :Q_
@_date: 2014-07-24 00:57:49
In general this advice is good: if you care about anonymity you should not leave your coins in *any* third party's hands for a long period of time, they may decide to force you to choose between unmasking and ever seeing your funds again.
OTOH I don't know if I have too much respect for anyone seeking anonymity who would still need to be told such a dog-simple truth. If you would get this wrong then you're not prepared for being covert.
@_date: 2014-12-12 14:01:58
Buddy, colleague, man we should have you advertise your preferred pronouns on a placard or something. xD
@_date: 2014-02-06 01:02:41
I doubt it's Gox, since you can no longer arbitrage *at all* between Gox and the other exchanges.
Could be Apple banning all the Bitcoin Wallets, frightening enough people to trigger some sell action.
@_date: 2014-08-07 01:20:07
How so?
@_date: 2014-08-29 19:19:40
Okay, so chip on card is certainly not involved nor alters the security surface in that particular process. You've just got to reveal all of 3 and a portion of a fourth secret that your account security relies upon to make a single transaction.
I agree that helps prevent a single merchant bad actor from seeing all of your credentials in one transaction, and thus is a huge improvement over the US standards, but still any moderately patient attacker using MITM, keylogger, etc would have all of your 12 char password over a half dozen or so transactions during Christmas shopping.
Bitcoin from a 2-factor online wallet, or a trezor, multisig wallet like greenaddress, and many other approaches can make such a purchase both without revealing a single important credential to a bad actor merchant or network snoop, and fewer important credentials to local malware (eg they might get initial password but not two-factor, 1/3 but not 2/3 needed multisig keys, thus unlimited transactions would still not completely satisfy them) all while requiring end user to do less typing into fewer form fields.
Perhaps nothing is perfect but I welcome expanded availability of this alternative approach. :3
@_date: 2014-08-27 00:36:07
It's in the press release.


@_date: 2014-07-26 09:24:39


If your cold wallet sucks badly enough, sure. Or more to the point they can confiscate *you* if they choose, but that was already a hazard. Holding things dear to you ransom in order to get at your assets may not be a problem that bitcoin directly solves but it still requires a lot more effort out of the state than flushing out your bank account remotely would, even more than raiding your home and taking your physical possessions.
Of course I never hope to find myself in anywhere near as acute of a conflict with my government as that, but Cyprus haircuts demonstrate that you nowhere near have to break a law to have what is contractually and legally yours summarily debited.
@_date: 2014-09-23 23:14:25
@_date: 2014-12-19 21:14:12
Lastpass is a browser extension. To what "dynamically served javascript" do you refer, here?
@_date: 2014-04-02 23:29:03
Hmm does that mean that DEFCON folks could jank private keys out of Casascius coins?
@_date: 2014-02-11 23:43:30
Because you and I are discussing this in two different threads, I'll encourage anyone reading to [merge in here]( 
@_date: 2014-02-19 10:51:28


Sounds like a tautology to me. If I could thieve an identity, then I'm certain I could set up multiple delivery addresses as well. Adding to this, if a thousand identity thieves each hit a thousand businesses but each thief only has one address, then you're also fucked.


Losing a few grand *can* be crippling to anybody. Any competitive business runs very thin margins, and when you're only making 1% profit on selling widget X, one single act of fraud involving one single item nullifies over a hundred product sales. Now imagine it was a large order of a hundred items? Unless you can sell a couple hundred thousand units just to break even again, you are bankrupt.
As a cash consumer, merchant fraud can endanger at maximum what funds you choose to spend at the merchant. I say "cash consumer", meaning fiat bills or Bitcoin etc, because credit/debit card customers can *certainly* get hosed by identity theft after trying to purchase a measly latte.


No, we were talking about the buyer protection feature of credit cards, which is an implicit escrow service. I am arguing that explicit escrow is superior because both parties get to choose exactly when the transaction is final, and once it is final nobody gets to dip a straw into anybody else's balance again.
Explicit escrow is quite common in bazaar style Bitcoin market places. Local Bitcoins, Bitmit and it's successors, Silk Road, etc. Furthermore, Bitcoin has yet-to-be-realized protocol features like m-of-n signatures which greatly reduce the conflict of interest of the escrow agent (eg, prevents them from having the bare technical capacity to pilfer the protected funds).






There is nothing limiting people from using Escrow for small value exchanges. Bitcoiners regularly take advantage of this in bazaar markets, and that's the primary purpose of credit/debit card buyer protection and person to person merchant services like paypal, square and skrill.
Except that they treat your entire balance as the escrow pool and treat "temporary" as up to 24 months.
Want to protect your funds from chargeback? Try ACHing to the bank, but they'll be inaccessible for 3-6 days (this was the advise that [didn't help Notch when Paypal froze Mojang's account]( So many people just leave the balance on hand where it can still be spent at a moment's notice. But also where the escrow agent (in this case the bank, or paypal, etc) can honor chargebacks from years ago, debit fees from you with impunity, freeze your balance because they don't like your politics, etc.


Right, and if you pay a merchant in cash and forgot to utilize escrow and feel defrauded, *and* if working with them fails and you cannot persuade them by taking your story to the press or threatening their reputation, then get a lawyer. Or eat the loss.
Another thing you need to consider is that the internet is creating an ecosystem where there are fewer economies of scale, where more people can start and maintain smaller businesses and anybody can be a merchant. Distribution costs are down, advertisement and mareting is way down, with 3-d printing and inexpensive boutique manufacturing production costs are also down.. So payment systems that constantly reach into merchants' pockets just expecting them to always be a deep enough place to sweep fraud under the rug (eg, merchant is always the one who has to eat loss or pay for legal counsel) run counter to the trend of decentralizing goods and services.


Nope, I'm sorry if my use of the word "lien" confused you, I was only trying to enumerate the various excuses people could use to dip straws into your balance via private bank decisions.
@_date: 2014-07-20 03:23:18
1&gt; what fee? The 29 cent processing fee?
2&gt; Now he can go buy goods on Newegg or Dell at 10% off, buy gift cards through Gyft with 3% points back, through eGifter with 3% points back *and* 3% discount. Send money to relatives abroad ~10% cheaper than Western Union. Just to pick the low hanging fruit off of the hundreds of both practical and legal uses for the very young currency and payment system available at this exact instant.
Your complaint sounds about as hollow as "congratulations on digitizing that document that you still won't be able to send to anybody without first mailing or faxing it".
@_date: 2014-12-13 00:41:29
Pseudonymous entity unilaterally dictates a pact that those who enter into it are free to profit from. For example, let's use this software to start a currency with a fixed volume. People voluntarily enter into this social contract.
These people will not benefit from the positive nature of their agreement and their prescribed volume scarcity if they additionally agree to assign value to an infinite parade of software clones each of which make up their own supply rules.
@_date: 2014-07-24 01:35:40
@_date: 2014-02-24 12:00:05
On the other hand, even if that would appease the law then a smaller version would carry basically the same operator cost while handling a couple of orders of magnitude less volume to draw commissions from. Would you line up to use an anonymous bitcoin atm that charges 40% off the top, because it costs 40% of maximum daily volume to operate each day?
@_date: 2014-12-19 23:54:30
I'd say the percentage of one's efforts at communication that include unsolicited insult payloads are a fair indicator of how honest a person's motives are. So long as you're batting a thousand at being a jackass, who cares how old your account is?
Go plant some trees and make up for it, or something. ;3
@_date: 2014-01-07 21:36:19
So tell me a little about this right place that you feel luck can get you born into. So far it sounds like you're saying you got the short end of that stick, yes? Being born into slavery to a state who rips your hard earned wealth out of your very hands in order to murder innocents elsewhere in the world?
And then once born to a certain geographic location, luck and charity stop being factors and you immediately begin to carve your niche out of the ungrateful stone under your feet with bare infant hands, yes? :3
It must be amazing to live your life in the black in spite of your wealth being pilfered and all of the socialist hardship you must face day to day. Why your skills would have rendered you into a minor deity by now if you'd had the fortune to be born into a truly free, stateless utopia like Somalia or Greenland. And ideally as an orphan, toughing it out on your own to boot. No pesky parents *making* you do your chores, no taxes or obligations, no requirements to support the needs of others since you have no needs yourself. Just your strength and guile and wit and charm imposing a superior order onto the chaotic but otherwise balanced wastelands before you.
But it's not to late. I'm sad that you characterized what I said earlier as "disowning" you, but there are still exciting adventures to be had out there! Lesser men are too weak and lazy to colonize, say, Antarctica. But if you find a place like that, and if you make your stand then you can outpace our bloated and sickly welfare state.
You don't have to be born there to make it your own. :D
@_date: 2014-07-06 17:16:10
Your wallet software would show that the transaction failed, and your balance would include the money you initially tried to send.
This is the primary reason that, for any significant amount of money, people wait up to 6 confirmations. Each confirmation makes it astronomically less likely that the main chain is going to orphan the block in question, which would also carry the narrow chance of orphaning your transaction in particular.
@_date: 2014-03-11 18:04:54
[Try this](
@_date: 2014-01-10 23:46:34
Coinbase offers recurring payments out of a pre-paid balance easily, with email reminders to the customer to top off. I thought that Bitpay did as well.
It's basically like a pay as you go mobile phone at that point.
@_date: 2014-01-30 02:56:52
You don't have to know it will be worth 10x for the lender to wish that much collateral to hedge against the very possible case that it will be; given historical context.
Why would I lend somebody something I think will be worth $8k per unit tomorrow (and they think will be worth &lt;$800 per unit) if they could not pay me in the circumstance that my guess is vindicated?
@_date: 2014-06-05 00:35:50


I don't know anybody who still classifies it as "free" money. Perhaps newbs who think you can mine it at no cost do. I assume that what you mean is "free to hold" money, and I do agree that properly assessing it's carry cost is important. :3
Additionally I think that bank customers who enjoy free checking and free ATM usage, debit/credit card acceptance around the globe etc, need to remember that if you're not paying for the service that you are not the master of the asset.
@_date: 2014-01-27 04:04:33
Guh. What is your own exchange then, and how can folks remotely trade on that? xD
Plenty of us out here would be happy to dump volume onto your books. :3
@_date: 2014-12-22 14:30:44
Then why won't you be true to your dishonest logic and ignore this sub instead of spending 100% of your throwaway time in insulting every person who likes widgets?
@_date: 2014-01-15 16:44:43


Contrasted with Lisa Kramer's:


It is not a fantastic medium of exchange if I can't exchange it without first begging permission from banks, visa, paypal, the IRS, SWIFT and paying a pound of flesh at each checkpoint. Nor if I can't send it across borders, can't send it to somebody lacking a specialized merchant account, can't send it in the middle of the night, during weekends and holidays, etc. Nor if I cannot transact it without first releasing sufficient information to the merchant, across NSA-weakened SSL sessions for any potential evesdroppers or corrupt merchants to commit identity theft against me.
It is not a fantastic store of value if it constantly and irretrievably loses purchasing power due to other parties inflating it's supply to pay their own debts. If it can be seized and charge-backed at a mere whim of buyer fraud from whence it came. If my deposits can be liquidated at the bank to keep them in business — like Cyprus — or [frozen]( while third parties work to statistically cover their own asses against the 1 in a million chance that somebody claims I am naughty and never should have earned it to begin with.
Really, I foresee all government fiat currency as melting slowly into a "mother may I" system where ultimately nobody even knows their balance any more. They just work and brown nose and then ask permission from their betters to be allowed purchases, like children cashing in against an inchoate balance of patience and charity from their parents. Times are tough? Then you kids don't get as many sweets when we go to the store either (depositor haircut). You've been cheeky with your brother? No more toys until your attitude has improved (frozen account). You nicked his favorite toy now and hid it, refusing to give it back? Well, he'll get twice as many treats today while you get none (chargeback and/or involuntary redistribution).
@_date: 2014-07-26 10:42:36
This is the same reasoning as "hotels will never turn away patrons who want to pay them $0.01 for a room for the night"
Part of the value of unused rooms is artificial scarcity. Every hotel who refuses to be underpaid is one less place that a cheapskate can stay. The more hotels who stick to this principle, the fewer people expect to be able to get away with it or wind up in a fleabag leanto.
Every miner who refuses tx below some consensus fair market rate broadcasts the repurcussion of precisely those transactions being delayed when they get the block. The more miners who do it, the more the public can directly measure and perceive delay below a certain voluntary payment and the more they will likely pony up if they value expedience and convenience.
Because if nothing else, miners would go out of business just as certainly by processing a few thousand 1 satoshi tx as they would by pushing empty blocks.
@_date: 2014-12-20 08:47:40
@_date: 2014-04-16 22:12:25
That, and you and are probably best served using Changetip instead, [given that bitcointip is officially shutting down and endorsing Changetip as their successor]( ;3
@_date: 2014-02-04 01:11:34
To be clear, the "benefit" would be reducing global terrorism, murder and human trafficking.
Unless the fallout can be shown to directly increase those things, I have a hard time figuring out what else could compare against it. Are we concerned about a new Great Depression simply due to dissolving or restructuring a single financial institution?
In my view, Too Big To Fail is just another word for malignant cancer. Kill it and the patient dies? Time for some re-incarnation then.
@_date: 2014-09-17 22:21:08
Gotta get down on Friday!
@_date: 2014-11-16 04:10:15
A majority of the bullying is done by trolls who have no stake in either side, but strike anonymously wherever the finest lulz are to be had.
@_date: 2014-07-18 06:44:52
Karpeles, Brewster, and Shavers have shit tons of litigation pending against them as we speak. Your beloved court system takes time to execute it's judgements, impatient youngling.
@_date: 2014-12-20 09:05:04
And of course that means trolling is not a problem as long as OP is one of them, is that it? 
OP Doesn't bother me. He shines his flashlight at [spiteful nobodies like yourself]( with nothing better to do than surround themselves with everything that they hate instead of just constructively supporting any alternative they feel is superior like a well-adjusted person would.
@_date: 2014-02-09 04:50:33
I'm sorry but, what "before and after" screens? The only thing you are showing is two different screenshots from the same app. Nothing about these screenshots clarified that one was before and one was after any sort of an app change, or any sort of fraudulent information fed to reviewers.
Does Apple have a TOS line about "no apps allowed that can move cryptocurrency"? Did they have one two years ago? Is the Paypal app watch-only?
Apple is censoring cryptocurrency apps, plain and simple, and that is what people are upset about. Are we supposed to be happy that they allow "watch only" apps? What about back when they banned all third party web browsers, would you be happy with a "watch only" web browser that was not allowed to submit forms or POST data?
Nobody has any evidence that Blockchain.info "tricked" apple into anything, or did anything fraudulent, just wild speculation. So we are left with Apple behaving anti-competitively, so fuck them.
@_date: 2014-12-08 22:53:56
What about people who exclusively use the BC.i browser extension and android apps? That use-case is not addressed in the essay you linked. This approach is indistinguishable from running native apps given platforms of "ChromeOS" and "mobile phone".
@_date: 2014-08-08 11:14:29
It can if it means you can no longer deliver content out of a cache or a CDN.. õ_O
The encryption itself has to occur on a centrally-located, secure machine that is hardened to resist the SSL key being compromised. All content must pass through that machine (or set of machines) to be encrypted.
In contrast to HTTP plaintext where content from fully rendered copies of the not-logged-in frontpage to partly rendered, precooked comment threads can be cached at CDNs and proxies owned by ISPs throughout the world, just half a milisecond hop from your computer waiting to jump out at you when you press "load".
@_date: 2014-07-26 09:51:17


I don't mind biometric authentication one bit, so long as you employ it properly.
The fingerprint thing is perfectly good for securing your device from snoopy family/neighbors/coworkers/muggers, and far more convenient than trying to tap in a password on such a tiny screen/virt keyboard. :J
@_date: 2014-01-06 02:58:54
Then move out of the house.
My wife's brother stays at our house sometimes. I'm certainly not his daddy, but he's welcome as long as he follows our rules and cleans up after himself, and if he can't do that he knows where the door is.
@_date: 2014-11-21 01:26:02
No, you need to brush up on information security 101.
The *capacity* to show this information on the site summoned by a login means that anybody who is able to defeat their login mechanism or root their Internet-facing web server can summon it just as easily. This is proof of knowledge and proper security practices in this case **must fail** proof of knowledge test in this domain.
Look at it this way. If you entrust a secret to your friend Todd, and then the next day everybody at the office is tittering and glancing sideways at you and somebody you've never met in accounting repeats the information back to you which you held in confidence with Todd (in a format unique to your disclosure to him) *then it is proven that Todd mishandled your information* because the wrong domain (random colleagues) passed a proof of knowledge test that they should have failed. You do not have to opine about "Well I never *saw* Todd tell the secret"; the fact that the secret is being displayed where it does not belong (and there exists no ambiguity as to it's source) is the only evidence you require.
Equally, if you try to use a forgot-password link on a website and it either straight up displays your password to you (perhaps after answering a security question) or emails it to you in cleartext, then that site is mishandling your password data. It should never be *stored* in cleartext on an internet facing website in the first place, and websites that *properly* maintain stretched password hashes (or similar contrivance) *cannot pass* a proof of knowledge test of telling you what your password is.
The same applies with all customer financial PII and for the same reasons. 
But to speed things up a bit, let's get down to brass tacks. I have been building Ecommerce applications and in charge of security over sensitive financial data online for various companies over the last seventeen years. Commercially I helped to develop the Java API bindings for chip and pin smartcards at Dallas Semiconductor, and today I'm an active contributor on over fourteen open source security projects including bitcoind.
So by all means, share with us what security experience informs your assessment of VoS information handling practices given the limited data available to us.
@_date: 2014-12-07 17:43:33
However when it comes to the reference bitcoind they certainly have. It probably represents one of the most heavily pen-tested pieces of software in history, and even Dan Kaminsky (the guy who discovered the fatal flaw in DNS) publicly admits that he was floored when he tried to audit the thing.
@_date: 2014-01-05 05:49:10
It's not crazy, it's just about people doing a poor job of trying to predict the future based on obtuse observations of the past.
I know I would rather be in a plane at 100ft and climbing calmly than in one at 200ft with the wings shorn off. In Dec '11 people were afraid they were in the latter category, except that they couldn't see that the wings were just fine.
@_date: 2014-03-10 12:05:10
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
Looks legit to me!
@_date: 2014-07-10 22:34:34
Look, I'm sorry, but taxing the bourgeoisie can absolutely be done without  invading the financial privacy of the individual.
@_date: 2014-03-05 17:21:00


@_date: 2014-08-17 00:54:07


If the password really was "209j97uht2j0893ujf0is" then this is a self-answering comment.
@_date: 2014-03-25 20:20:37
Yes. "Sphere of influence" comes to mind.
If the Mafia walks into your place of business, and you cannot call law enforcement (or there is no law enforcement or if the Mafia control them, etc) and they demand 15% of your profits or whatever, and they have you outgunned and if fudging the numbers is something you'll never get away with because their intel is too consistently high quality to be able to reasonably trick them..
Then it is ludicrous not to render unto Caesar what is Caesar. They will find out and any supposed moral high ground will not protect you from whatever punishment they devise to make an example out of you or to kill you or to convert you into slave labor.
At the end of the day sound strategy does not change just because you label it with either pejorative names or flowery rhetoric. Violence is, always has been and always will be the most fundamental law. Morality *profits* those who treat *others* justly, but it cannot by itself safeguard you from unjust treatment by others.
@_date: 2014-12-09 22:38:24
So long as you don't overtly direct people to vote in any specific fashion you'd be doing the same thing the SRS people do.
But on the other hand, *you would be doing the same thing that SRS people do* so I would advise against it.
The *proper* place to list these people is in the moderator's ban list.
@_date: 2014-08-28 21:54:14
It is anti-competitive for the market *maker* to abuse their proximity to the market (don't have to charge themselves convenience fees, can skip poorly thought out, overzealous security checks in their own APIs, hell they get to levy tariffs *against* their hosted competition, etc) to compete against the very sellers that they host.
In a free market it scarcely matters because then OpenBazaar will come along and eat your lunch, but shy of that freedom (Bitlicence driving OpenBazaar underground, etc) regulatory capture props up monopolies this way.
@_date: 2014-04-16 21:44:48
Global Internet access has far outpaced global VISA merchant penetration. VISA will not support your geographic region until doing so can bring them a sufficient profit to justify it. Communications infrastructure has no such requirement, nor does Bitcoin use atop such infrastructure, which connects you instantly to a global payment processing network with no participatory overhead.
Using Bitcoin, you can choose elements of overhead such as Escrow, fiat exchange services, face to face branches, etc. But you get to choose these a la carte and you get to use this platform however you see fit to build whatever solution meets your needs.
@_date: 2014-01-23 00:23:20
The well is poisoned, so make the water taste bad to match. Then profit seekers will move elsewhere.
@_date: 2014-07-20 16:14:33
1: The Buttcoin "community" exists beyond it's subreddit (which of course would target this subreddit due to sharing a common forum). You'd have to show me some citation of a buttcoiner (for lack of a better name, somebody who uses that pejorative freely) who thinks positively of the currency or payment network outside of this specific subreddit.
2: you picked up GP's emphasis on "any" portion of your life, but missed the matching adjective "entirely" hating something. Anarcho-capitalists may entirely hate government by definition, and fiat by extension (has "government issued" in it's definition), but only some of the population here is ancaps. Virtually all others here (the majority) find all of banks, fiat, and governments to have their place and be productive institutions as long as they are not handled as corruptly and terribly as those in power today. :3
@_date: 2014-09-18 21:23:27
Not on his own nearly as often, but I've been successful at summoning him onto the moonshaped soapbox each time I've tried. He's a good egg. ;3
@_date: 2014-09-16 21:59:57


important adjective added, for greater awesome.
@_date: 2014-12-04 14:41:00
30k in bitcoin or 30k of bitcoin. We were initially discussing via OP 80k *of* bitcoin, so If arse-obsessed trolls like either of you really gave a damn about changing the magnitude of the hypothetical you would phrase it more clearly, such as "30k usd worth of Bitcoin" instead of getting your collective rocks off over pedantics.
@_date: 2014-06-19 00:18:00
[Even the media doesn't get email]( :P
@_date: 2014-10-08 09:23:33
I know little about him, but when the diplomatic cables came out and I wanted to support, and I learned that all traditional payment processors had blackballed him but that he was accepting Bitcoin.. that was the killer app that onboarded me here. So there is that. &lt;3
@_date: 2014-02-07 22:19:04
+1 mbtc
Now somebody on Reddit has been, too. :J
@_date: 2014-01-23 00:21:31
When you move your resources to another pool, your voice has O(1) effectiveness. When you reduce the profitability of a pool that represents a nash equilibrium for profit x convenience seekers, then your voice has O(N) effectiveness, because dropping the profitability of the pool (assuming PPLNSG) by, say 1% costs you 1% of your profit for awhile but could induce huge numbers of other profit-optimizing miners to rapidly exit the pool.
If the well is poisoned, do you simply drink your water from another well and let others get sick? Or, do you make sure the poisoned water also tastes bad so that everybody reacts by seeking a healthier well?
@_date: 2014-08-29 19:34:03


What kind of a cop-out is that? Circumstances like "[one of the biggest profit draws in deep space exploration *is* mining for rare materials including gold, uranium and Hydrogen-3]( and "[stick a few extra neutrons into Mercury to get HG^197, and it will politely decay into stable Gold isotopes for you]( don't even *need* to change.
@_date: 2014-07-23 23:37:13
Toss 'em in a pot, chop up some potatoes and celery,
you got yourself a stew going on. :D
@_date: 2014-12-22 14:05:41
Cheers, I don't even feel bad about losing undeserved punch though. "Bitcoin — not vulnerable to blind brute force attacks" would be something I'd prefer. :3
@_date: 2014-07-20 23:33:41
Somebody remembers an example off the top of their head, and then posts it. This is a problem for you, why? What is so important to you about 30% as a tipping point, anyway? I know loads of people who quibble over 1% unusable airline miles, and Bitcoin saves merchants 2-3% just in bureaucratic fees, before even considering utterly eliminating buyer fraud.
I think you're just trying to hard to live up to your username, but you know. Whatevs.
@_date: 2014-07-02 18:20:05
You mean because I'm too lazy to do the footwork to back up your claims and to do the impossible job of proving your username inaccurate?
Yeah, have fun with that! x3
@_date: 2014-02-12 23:46:11
I thought Bitcoind's source code *was* the protocol specification, though..
@_date: 2014-01-05 16:18:00
And what OP is doing is storing his wealth in Bitcoin, thus increasing the market cap, and with every transaction they are directly financing it's infrastructure. He's also creating social pressure to expand services to meet his needs every time he discusses it with someone or persuades them to join in as well.
Additionally, Bitcoin is not just a payment protocol, it was also cleverly and explicitly designed both to offer financial responsibility directly to an infinitude of administratively disconnected nodes who chose to use it, and to directly incentivize participation.
Bitcoin is no more agnostic than a sword, it is a tool dominantly designed to suit certain political ends with an emphasis on decentralized power. You *can* plow a field with a sword, and you *can* kill a man with a plow. But all are best served to treat the tools as they were intended, instead.
@_date: 2014-08-28 22:40:01
Are you sure you're trying to compare apples with apples, or are you even interested in honest discussion?
was making an entirely relevant comment regarding the credit card payment system being broken because you cannot send a payment without releasing absolutely all information required to clean out your source account, as well as establishing new lines of credit in your name and then just *hoping* that the merchant does not get breached, as Target was, and just *hoping* that you can convince the bank that you are who you are more effectively than an identity thief can attempt the same shtick (or that the bank even cares about your problems because they don't exactly make much profit off of your sorry ass..)
You are comparing this with a Bitcoin company who held accounts on behalf of customers and then went insolvent. The people who lost money here specifically yielded their funds to this company, and then it folded. Are you laboring under the misapprehension that this has never happened before in any other currency? õ_O
Madoff and Savings and Loan scandals aside, this is no different from anybody mistakenly thinking they can wire some good faith money to the Prince of Nigeria. You sent money to somebody thinking you could trust them. They didn't live up to their end and now they're going through bankruptcy proceedings. How many millions of dollars have been thrown around on *kickstarter* to projects unable to live up to their promises, let alone on the stock market? 
With Bitcoin it is easy to burn your own money. Hell, just send it to a garbage address and you're done. But that's the cost of freedom, you also need the freedom to shoot yourself in the foot.
[People have lost millions]( due to the Target PII breach due to identity theft, *and that was not millions that they ever entrusted to Target!* Those losses were siphoned out of banking and credit institutions due to data security problems at one *merchant* that affected customers may have done no more than $10 of commerce with.
People who spend any amount of Bitcoin at Newegg, Overstock, Expedia, Gyft, etc are not releasing a smidgen of personal information (besides perhaps name, shipping address and email) that can be abused in such an attack. They are not entrusting a bitcent of balance to these organizations beyond the value of the product that they are purchasing, and as long as they properly secure their own balances (store on own PC, cold storage, hardware wallet like Trezor, multisig wallet like greenaddress, the options are limitless) nothing about their finances are left vulnerable to attack.
@_date: 2014-12-15 07:47:35
Coinbase has no insurance and nobody's sure what to make of Circle's arrangement with Marsh Insurance.
@_date: 2014-02-10 06:55:29
You mean like if people payed to watch television,  perhaps delivered to their home over some kind of a cable.. then there would be no advertising on television?
@_date: 2014-07-09 09:32:10


Would you clean toilets, answer tech support, work retail sales, or do 90% of the jobs that exist in the united states today for $100 dollars? People don't do *shit* they would not be doing recreationally when they have other options.
But I work with computers because that is what I am comfortable with and what I enjoy. Most sex workers do the same: they happen to enjoy sex with wealthy strangers and/or exhibitionism enough to do what they do *in preference* to learning how a computer works or learning how to weld or fix pipes or haul freight.
If you gave them free income, yeah most would stop doing sex work. Come on, shit's dangerous. But most plumbers and contractors and garbage collectors and bank tellers would walk on their jobs just as quickly.
@_date: 2014-08-01 04:32:33
Well if they're yelling at clouds then it's because of [this]( :P
@_date: 2014-03-20 18:55:06
These ATMs normally exchange cash for Bitcoin. With cards, what happens when somebody brings a stolen card to your ATM? You send the thief Bitcoins and then 3 months later your merchant bank debits your account the same amount as the real owner of the card performs a chargeback.
@_date: 2014-03-25 23:42:46
Also worth checking  ;3
@_date: 2014-07-27 08:25:07
The problem is that the regulation suggests an ultimatum: "take our licence up the ass or you can't do XYZ business in our state". What you call "ignoring" *is* still accepting this ultimatum instead of challenging and attempting to dismantle it.
@_date: 2014-07-21 23:45:56
Hardware wallet.
@_date: 2014-12-08 21:56:11
Right. How do you think Paypal got started?
When Paypal first became popular, I held precisely the same reservations that you name and I did not use it. But as it continued to grow more and more popular and it became clear to me that *other* people were gainfully using this for peer to peer finance, I calculated that their profit from gainful business outweighed any profit they could hope to gain from rapidly obliterating their reputation in a cash grab so I acquiesced and began to use them.
And I'm an advanced paranoid conspiracy freak. Many people will be too naive to suspect a problem (which in other circumstances could get them into trouble). Some will suspect and ask their friends, some will suspect and do light google research, and most of these will either be mollified or like my Paypal experience will just wait and see.
I think very few will go off half cocked and assume "needs bank info = scam, sound the alarm!", *especially* since it's identical to how you link to Paypal and they're already used to that.
@_date: 2014-01-01 01:57:59
Bitcoin is a much larger and more powerful force than the naive concern about "low fees".
Mark carefully, fees exist to get a job done. Bitcoin's low fees, just like that of open source software, do more to inform you that the inefficiencies of getting a job done have been "redistributed" than eliminated.
With bitcoin you *can* move money with 8 cents of fees within 10 minutes. You *can* move money with no fees at all if you don't mind waiting up to a day or so for generous miners to notarize your txn. But most people will not in most cases, because the will require additional services on top of Bitcoin's bare metal.
The real value lays in how bare this metal is, and how much flexible choice either you as a consumer *or you as a developer of platforms* further servicing consumers can decide precisely which expensive coats to layer on top of that bare metal and which ones to omit.
* Shipping goods? Well obviously you will need a shipping address, but billing information need not include an address. If you want to handle refunds or last minute instructions then a secret code, PGP key, or bitcoin refund address may be all that is needed.
* Not shipping goods, but electronically delivering? *then what the blue blazes do you need street addresses for?*
* Want to aid people in remittances? In fiat, you have to go the way of western union and build a network spanning hundreds of countries full of centrally controlled local branches to serve customers in every currency and geographic location. In Bitcoin? Just buy and sell bitcoin locally, primary job done. If you want to go the extra mile you could form an alliance with other bitcoin brokers around the world using a shared protocol instead of central control so that money offered at one node is delivered to end users from their closest node.
* Debt settlement? Even if you used square or dwolla, you have to wait for the byzantine banking system to push the wealth through all of it's sphincters to put the settled balance fully into your control in your bank account (or cash in your hand). I recently got a simple check for $10k usd. Deposit it, bank freezes the balance for almost a month while they wait for the interbank value to actually settle, confirm it's not fraudulent, satisfy AML/KYC/CYA concerns, etc.
With Bitcoin? Send, and 0-conf it's done. For careful people and large balances you wait up to maybe an hour while 1.7 petahash of distributed computing muscle jams a stamp onto your transaction a bunch of times until you feel satisfied that some other petahash-scale system will not jump online with the sole aim of stamping a counterfeit transaction just to try to drink your milkshake. Now compare that to the ease of credit card fraud, which Square doesn't do a lick to protect recipients from.
@_date: 2014-02-09 04:37:07
Your dailytech article does not say what you've pullquoted. Your pullquote is only found in a *comment* on that article, which in turn leads to a self.post on Hackernews posted 2 days ago by user "nwh".
The self.post offers no more sourcing than you do, two imgur screenshots from the history and the send-payment portions of the app.
Is this substantiated anywhere or is it just a forum rumor?
@_date: 2014-08-06 04:34:40
Then how does New York State have any jurisdiction over them that Fincen doesn't?
They violated Fincen's regulations, meaning that jurisdiction or no NY's bs proposals bring nothing either new or helpful to the table.
@_date: 2014-02-14 06:07:45


You mean like, be careful not to spend unconfirmed balances, even though the bitcoinqt client allows you to by default?
You're right, that discipline sounds positively herculean.


Nope, it's tons easier. To perform a doublespend the attacker has to  fashion two spends, and ensure that the mark sees only the benevolent spend while at least some miners see the conniving spend. If a miner mines the conniving spend then the attacker wins.
To foul a balance with a malled transaction you only need to get somebody to spend unconfirmed coin, destination irrelevant. You see their spend on the network and mall it within the several minutes (dead easy to automate) before the block gets mined. Their client *will* see both spends fly across the wire which will in turn trigger the change-doubling bug. Their balance is now wrong until they rescan, even after the block is mined.
Couple that with "I just sent you XYZ bitcoins, don't you see it in your balance? Better ship the goods / refund my coins now." Scam complete with a ton less effort involved.
@_date: 2014-12-22 23:05:34
Well, it sounds to me a though your mind is made up. You are starting out of the gate with the *assumption* that all bitcoin holders regularly get hacked (listen to your own language: "It seems like everyone and their mother it getting their bitcoins hacked") and that virtually no ordinary bank customers have ever had their money mismanaged before ("With PayPal or your bank that is never how it works / I can make a claim with paypal or my bank though and get it fixed") or that every time you start dispute mediation with Paypal or with a credit card that the good guy always wins instead of simply the most committed or prepared person. (hint: if you're not committed or prepared enough to even secure a bitcoin wallet, you're not going to out-document a seasoned fraudster in court, either..)
Congratulations on your guitar business! :3  You appear to be having precisely the opposite luck with buyer fraud that [Stomp Romp Guitar Supply]( reports though, just to compare apples to apples.
As for anecdotes, I've never lost any Bitcoins due to a hack. My mother and my son and my wife and my colleagues have never lost any Bitcoins due to a hack. But part of that may be due to the fact that we pay the hell attention to what we are doing. In contrast, [traditional identity theft in the US claims more than 5 times as much as today's value of all Bitcoins combined]( from ordinary people just like us every single year, and that's only one *kind* of fraudulent activity that constantly drains people's accounts without nearly as much headlines as the sexy new kid on the block gets.


Why do you think the Pirate Bay or Wikileaks exists? In truth, we've been able to combat legitimate crime (in contrast to puritanism and state censorship) perfectly well for hundreds of years while everybody was transacting in untraceable *cash*. We do not require our identities to be tied to every box of tictacs we purchase any more than we require the NSA to read all of our emails or install CCTV cameras in our shower to keep us safe from criminal harm.
@_date: 2014-01-13 15:40:27
Not everybody likes coffee. So, alternately energy drinks or mountain dew. 
@_date: 2014-01-28 01:11:22


I don't believe so. Precious metals are regulated, and no less volatile today than bitcoin once you account for the difference in capitalization ([$12 billion]( vs [$12 trillion](


A citation for this claim would certainly be appreciated, thank you. ;3
@_date: 2014-08-05 11:02:51


100 years ago *nearly all currency was pegged to a gold standard*. Including "petrodollar".
Your *currency* cannot be weak when you peg to a stable commodity like Gold. Your *economy* can certainly be too weak to peg to anything however, see Greece and Spain stuck with a Euro that they can't print for a mild example, given that at least *somebody* is printing more euros.
@_date: 2014-10-15 16:10:38
Please point me to somebody stating that "the blockchain might survive without the coin", I have literally never heard of an angle like that and it sounds like a strawman.
Bitcoin's blockchain technology requires a trustless incentive system in order for decentralized, competitive mining to take place, and in the Bitcoin protocol it relies upon the currency which the blockchain notarizes to offer that incentive.
Rodolfo's point is that you have to be mindful of this balancing act, and you cannot simply rip the blockchain tech out of the Bitcoin protocol and expect it to magically support itself.
Many people have proposed exactly that: "We'll just do blockchain to it and it will magically earn all of Bitcoin's decentralization", but I have yet to see anybody propose a blockchain carefully re-calibrated around a *different* trust-free incentive system.
Have you?
@_date: 2014-09-17 20:11:25
I'unno. Isn't forcing all of your customers to pay with anything at all instead of really, really, really promising to get money to you eventually also an inconvenience?
I mean, man my Costco shopping would be *40% quicker* if I never had to go through a checkout line. Or pay for their annual subscription cards. Or flash same card at the entrance. Or dig it out again at the register. Honey, did you even bring the card? I thought you had it from last time.. shit! Now we have to head back to the house.
So yeah, if Bitcoin can save a merchant enough money to offer either constant or periodic savings deep enough to remunerate customer for their inconvenience (as costco apparently does to make up for both the cost and inconvenience of their membership cards) then customer will shop there. And as Bitcoin acceptance and user-facing polish improves over time that inconvenience itself quickly boils away, too.
@_date: 2014-02-25 07:23:42
[Playboy embraces Bitcoin](
Oh oh, you meant "purchase and not sell". Sorry! ;3
Speaking of which, I'm still holding because I'm not convinced I could cash out but then still buy back in in time to profit from the dip. *shrugs*
@_date: 2014-10-10 00:19:19
I don't know, if things go sour do you just see the international banking community shrugging and and building SWIFT2 before the pies on the window sill (all valued far above $5bil) get cold, or will SWIFT just say "Too big to fine, lol!" like HSBC or anybody else who has the world by the balls would say?
"Just being overglorified email" means little to the $400 hammer (that took 5 years in R/D to develop and to approve in fourteen different committees) crowd.
@_date: 2014-07-24 08:14:00
There was a reddit post recently about some Coinbase withdrawals still being delayed by up to a couple of hours, but by itself that shouldn't dissuade people who *want* their withdraws delayed by a few days, lol.
With Blockchain.info, I am not aware of the multifactor authentication type you are talking about. The only wallet product of theirs I know of is client-side, and client-side by definition cannot be two factor.
@_date: 2014-12-22 14:13:01
I suspect you worded your post carelessly. Do you mean "you will still have to trust third parties to some extent"? Sure, I'll have to trust that the computer (and software) I have is safe from bad actors injecting malware and spy equipment and back doors to root me. Part of that will be borne of the discipline of being able to detect and resist such intrusion, even at the hardware level.
But that's a lot less trust, and a lot easier to defend against than just giving all of your money to somebody else so that they (or whoever can attack *them*) have moment to moment control over everything.
But the other part of my post described that we *need* to be able to secure our PCs and culturally to be able to internalize good infosec. Not just for Bitcoin, our entire lives are intertwining with the internet. Is *that* not worth protecting?
Or do you want Chinese hackers to control whether or not your self-driving car swerves into oncoming traffic at 120-200mph relative velocity?
@_date: 2014-07-30 20:57:20
I'm sorry to hear that you'll be giving up and defaulting back to doing everything with credit card. Ah well!
@_date: 2014-12-20 09:30:03
Centralization gives the gubmint something to shut down and non-gubmint h8rs something to DDoS, doesn't it?
@_date: 2014-07-01 18:00:24
The thing to keep in mind when nay-sayers wring their hands over the "wasted" electricity of mining is that *all* minting processes for publicly traded certificates are purposefully wasteful. From fiat bank notes and coins to diplomas and official seals.
Some organization goes to a lot of trouble making the note or token special, so much wasteful and elaborate trouble that everyone can be certain few other organizations on Earth would be even *capable* of wasting that resource. Special bank-note paper that's impossible to duplicate, with complicated filaments and inlaid rfids and watermarks, coins and bills both pressed by so many tens of tons of pressure that only governments could match the machinery required to produce tokens that feel a certain unmistakable way in your human paw.
A lot more energy is wasted making US pennies counterfeit-proof than Bitcoin will probably ever consume for mining. ;P
@_date: 2014-01-26 19:39:38
Care to elaborate on that? If you don't possess your money then you shouldn't be too upset if I spend it for you, either.
@_date: 2014-12-22 13:50:33
[GREAT SCOTT!](
@_date: 2014-07-09 19:31:42
That is not what you are talking about. For the third time now, you said:


I offered a counterexample of an over-abundance of people who choose to suck dick. I'm sorry, you're just very, very bad at this. xD
@_date: 2014-12-17 21:17:37
Calling "scam" without a citation is FUD, so you'll get downvoted commensurately. I assume you know a link or two that you could share that backs up your claim of them being a scam, in which case having that handy to paste in whenever you wish to speak ill of them would probably help your voice not get squelched out.
@_date: 2014-09-24 21:49:57
I don't understand, are you saying "if paypal acted as your bitcoin wallet"? Because we are just talking about a merchant trying to sell BTC to you as a commodity with Paypal/USD as the payment method.
Paypal does not offer Bitcoin as a wallet currency today. They may or may not look into that, but today two minor divisions of paypal (Braintree and the Digital Payments Hub) are able to assist third party merchants in integrating with coinbase/bitpay; that's all.
@_date: 2014-12-07 17:57:07
Not sure if sarcasm, but yes Bitcoin can suffer a currency collapse. Most notably if the community evaporates and/or if the base encryption or protocol becomes irredeemably compromised.
What the real superior element is is that Bitcoin cannot suffer currency collapse *as a result of* central bank or regional government mismanagement or corruption. Bitcoin's fate is as decoupled from the greed and corruption of man as any transferable asset possibly can be, and I think that's swell. :B
@_date: 2014-09-11 00:08:43


You're not right. [Until Jan 2013]( VISA forced a clause in it's merchant agreements, which has since been rendered illegal, forcing merchants to set the same price for credit cards as for any other payment strategy. Effectively they forced merchants to spread the *costs* of using a credit card to all customers who might otherwise elect not to pay that cost.
I think we can forgive some merchants if 18 months isn't soon enough to reverse 50+ years of pricing strategy.
@_date: 2014-02-10 07:34:41
Extra stuff: Show us a QR code instead of swiping our card.
Otherwise, yeah if I'm a foreigner who *has* euros, and I follow an ad to your establishment that intimated that you *accept* euros, then I am well served to confirm this before ordering your goods.
Personally I think that "accepts the money in my pocket" is just as viable a reason to choose to take your business somewhere as "has the product in stock I want to buy". How about if you only have cash and they only accept cards? You only have cards and they only accept cash? Damn right I'm going down the street where they serve my payment needs.
@_date: 2014-02-23 16:02:36
Nope, [he said elsewhere in this thread]( (besides the fact that OP himself was only doing $20) that the identity feature applies for all amounts.
If you did not identify for small amounts, then there would be nothing left to stop people from doing the small amounts many times in order to skirt identification for large amounts.
Regarding the identity database, what is your security concern there? I'm certain the AML laws already require every individual transaction to be reported to the government, who already knows your identity: they *issued* that ID we're discussing. What more data are you concerned they could get? The palm veins? Fine, then what can they do with palm veins that they can't already do at a distance with your photo and facial recognition?
@_date: 2014-01-01 02:00:45


Because why steal what the FED can print an unlimited supply of for you already?
@_date: 2014-04-21 09:41:42
On a technical level, it is possible to ban accounts with the same password if you're at minimum able to record only the offending password (such as login attempt of the banned user). Then you can hash that against the salts of every password in the table to see what else it matches, without having to save *everybody*'s password in cleartext from the get-go.
Just the least-guilty-case scenario I can think of just now. I used it one time on an scrypted password table when I discovered that our tier I tech support team was offering a very weak, repeated password to new users and password resets that in turn was being regularly hacked to send spam email from third parties. :/
@_date: 2014-09-18 20:16:10
It got me murdered, and the jackass got away with my snorkel.
@_date: 2014-02-09 05:15:07


Again, prove it. You could just as easily speculate that each of the spends in the first image funded terrorism. [Do you think it's difficult]( to just take a screen grab from the history tab of the app, and then the send money tab, and then [post them into a comment claiming this is what apple reviewers saw](
It *is* anti-competitive. Nobody is claiming anything Apple has done is illegal, just that it's app store is biased against anything that competes with them and that it's not the kind of environment which users will benefit from.
@_date: 2014-02-23 15:28:11
Right. But can you legally buy $10k worth of booze (the obscenely expensive stuff, so it's easy to transport) and then sell that again for more than $9k across the street, all without attaching your name to it? Because that would certainly be a convenient way to unload $10k worth of marked bills if you could. 
@_date: 2014-02-21 02:20:35
"settling to USD" is no reason to prevent people being able to voluntarily push-prepay via bitcoin instead of leaving balances for long periods of time at single point of failure third parties.
@_date: 2014-12-10 02:41:16
But the Bitcoin algorithm *does* deal with bad actors effectively. Any submitted block which fails to follow the consensus rules is ignored by the network, any node trying to feed false information is automatically recognized and then censored by it's peers with zero information poisoning, and short of expensive 51% attacks the chronology of the winning blockchain cannot be undermined.
If it only protected against malign communication problems (DOS and MITM .. actually it's fairly poor against DOS last time I checked! xD) then each actor would have to be vetted. But because it can dispatch "bad actors" as defined by the rules, it can allow absolutely *unprecedented* voluntary association which I think really underscores the importance of the network. :3
@_date: 2014-09-17 22:34:54


I've seen 12% at ~$50 and 20%+ at ~$600, assuming you go with market orders instead of poking at limit orders for weeks on end. Virwox just lacks all market depth.
They should just figure out a way to combine all of their books into one in order to increase depth and vastly improve use convenience. :(
@_date: 2014-07-02 07:23:53
But of course. Fiat may be slowly losing purchasing power, but it is the one asset who's purchasing power is *least volatile* compared to any other asset and especially bitcoin due to it's immense wage adoption and the strong pegging of fiats to one another and ultimately to the USD. Price stability is most strongly informed by the sea of trades done with that specific asset, and fiat is still the most traded asset.
For example, the value of the work you do from one day to the next changes both less frequently and less wildly compared to fiat than it does compared to BTC. For example, somebody with a 100usd/day wage today could also be described as 4.76XAG or 0.1544BTC.
That same purchasing power in Jun 2011 however would be 94.55usd (5.45% change), 2.5XAG (47.8% change), or 6.67BTC (43-fold change).
Wages in USD or other first world fiat have to be adjusted for cost of living every year or three, but wages in any other asset would have to be recalculated every month *anyway*.
@_date: 2014-10-14 08:07:11
You're forgetting steps like
Labor: Worker &gt; Employer
Dollars: Employer &gt; Direct Deposit &gt; Clearing house &gt; Worker's Bank Account
or for paper checks
Dollars: Employer &gt; Paycheck &gt; Worker &gt; envelope &gt; ATM &gt; Bank account
or for those who don't want to wait 3 days for checks to clear
Dollars: Employer &gt; Paycheck &gt; Worker &gt; Employers bank &gt; Cash &gt; Worker's bank &gt; Deposit
Pizza: Store &gt; Customer &gt; share with friends &gt; chew in mouth
Digestive enzymes: ...
@_date: 2014-03-05 17:46:20
I was thinking about this recently, myself. txn are too big to publish as QR codes, but if we could get the data-plumbing worked out then allowing merchant to (possibly redundantly) publish the txn would be choice.
It would slightly raise the potential for 0-conf attack, but using a merchant processor well connected to the mining nodes (and taking care to use txid-agnostic confirmation steps to avoid malleability confusion, of course) stamps that down pretty close to zero as well.
My experience has been, about 10% of payments to Coinbase merchants from BCI wallet don't even get seen in the mempool for sometimes more than the requisite 15 minutes. :P
@_date: 2014-11-29 23:42:55
On an utterly unrelated note, what is "based" and why do I normally only hear this in relation to Christina Hoff Sommers?
Urban Dictionary do not helps in this sityation. ;3
@_date: 2014-12-18 21:35:45
EG the cost is roughly 1%, which *especially* when you consider currency conversion is as cheap as a red solo cup.
The final concern I can imagine literally any sentient being having about this system is what about the spread or the volatility?
For example, you receive Bitcoin from circle, coinbase, wages, etc and then wait time interval X prior to sending BTC to sendbitcoinsmx, and then *another* time interval Y prior to the local picking up the pesos. How does potential BTC volatility during either of those time intervals X and Y affect the final outcome?
I think X exposes you to volatility risk beyond anybody's control so you just have to either work to eliminate X during bear season or else optionally ride waves upward during bull season. But Y is up to the service: do they freeze your funds as pesos on receipt? :3
@_date: 2014-12-19 23:25:59
Except that, depending on the amount of BTC you are locking coinapult is *not* more expensive. A 0.75% fee per lock or unlock is often cheaper than Bitstamp's 0.5% plus the spread loss from an instant buy or sell which, just now looks like 0.4% off the top, and if you're working with more than a few dozen BTC you lose more to spread as you climb that slope.
Additionally, AFAICT coinapult does not require all of the KYC and bank account data that an exchange does since they are not going to transact fiat with you directly. I recall back before Gox even failed they got additional bad press because you could deposit BTC with them, and then they would refuse to allow you to even withdraw it again (with or without any trades) until you doxed yourself.
@_date: 2014-04-14 22:25:54
Do you define "late" as in "Everybody already knows, so all wallets already long since updated" or simply as in "lolz, I'm kewler than your sub because I heard the announcement on l33t irc"?
From my perspective, as long as enough people didn't know about the update, it's worth getting at least one post onto their screens.
@_date: 2014-05-12 20:00:05
Potentially, in which case receiving Bitcoin from your employer means you will prefer using the Bitcoin payment network to pay for consumer services instead of taking a loss converting to your local fiat in order to pay with that which was OP's question to begin with.
Call it a currency, call it a payment network.. but if you have a surpluss in the currency for any reason then you are incentivised to prefer using the associated payment nework.
@_date: 2014-11-28 17:22:38
Please step out of your first-world bubble for a moment, there exist literally *billions* of human beings in Africa, the Middle East, Asia, Oceana, South America and even rural parts of North America who have cell reception and SMS but no data reception, or who can afford SMS-ready candy bar phones (and use them extensively!) but not iPhones and the kinds of Android or Windows Mobile pocket nanocomputers that you or I might take for granted.
@_date: 2014-09-11 00:55:43
[Is this one better, then?](
And what do you mean "only include surcharges"? Any difference between the price offered to cash customers and the price offered to card customers will be couched by the card companies as a "surcharge" instead of a cash discount. Pulled from this newer link:


and keep in mind that this "allowable surcharge amount" to cover basic card swipe fees do not cover [batch fees, nuisance fees, authorization fees, statement fees, monthly minimum fees, or customer service fees]( That's all without even beginning to calculate losses due to Buyer fraud, [which are also always borne by the merchant]( and impossible with non-card payment types such as Bitcoin or Cash.
And, thanks to having to look this up all over again for you, I do see that there are still 10 states where charging more for credit cards would *still* not be allowed, which adds pressure to any interstate merchants not to take advantage of this new freedom they're being offered.
But all told, I would certainly call an 8 year 7.3 Billion dollar class action settlement a big difference from "merchants don't want to charge more to use plastic".
@_date: 2014-12-07 18:37:45
because... we are talking about *software* here. Heartbleed festered in OpenSSL for over two years, the [Windows DirectShow JPG exploit sat in code for nearly ten]( The statement "A fault was found and it took X time to patch" does not disqualify a project from any ranking of assiduous pen testing unless perhaps you can point to some other software project with similar update volume and tenure who *lacks* commensurate flaw surface area.
@_date: 2014-12-22 14:03:36
[I'm gullible](
All that happened is that you offered a useless throwaway flamebait complaint and so I answered with the most generic possible throwaway rebuttal meme to see what cards you thought you were holding. It sounds like you're *really* emotionally invested in this, and have some very clear ideas about the educational background of any person who fails to share your exact opinion on all matters.
So good luck with that, I have less emotionally disturbed people to debate with. Toodles!
@_date: 2014-04-14 21:17:24
I think his point was that the trust area over "I'm going to use software maintained by X" and "ZOMG I had better update to the latest build, stat!!" are different.
The former includes vetting and auditing by a broad audiences (with enough eyes, all bugs and malware become shallow) the latter could potentially involve one person in the dev team raising a panic and getting people to push unvetted code into production with no oversight.
It is not impossible for lay-users to fail to appreciate the difference between those two trust surfaces.
@_date: 2014-07-23 23:58:11
Yep, while their fiat-conversion services are USA/USD only, their merchant services like invoicing (assuming you retain all revenue as Bitcoin only) and wallet and vault are internationally available. So far as I can tell it's no PII required too, which is even better. ;3
@_date: 2014-07-21 22:52:20
If you stamp the password-protected seed and remember the password, then that is two factors of authentication.
@_date: 2014-09-17 22:02:39


[Read this brochure from VISA]( pg 34:


Acting like a bank teller will have absolutely no impact on fraud. Worst of all, of course, is that VISA profits more from fraud (per transaction) than they do from legitimate business.
@_date: 2014-02-07 02:43:55
No, but your post heavily implied dissatisfaction with the post you replied to. "Welcome to X" is a common idiom used to belittle somebody for not properly accounting for their surroundings, and your second sentence is an ultimatum similar to "America: love it or leave it". which is often used to suggest hypocrisy from somebody who is allegedly not committing to one of the two options listed. It's also the most common for direct replies to be critical of one another.
Thus my inquiry for clarification.
@_date: 2014-06-05 02:15:56
Okay, I guess I could see that as a potential benefit. I'm hoping the new BIP 0070 protocol might obviate that need though, and help further prevent address re-use. :3
@_date: 2014-03-06 19:40:58
Control over one's publicity (especially defense against falsified or incorrect publicity) is fairly important, and in no way related to responsibility or accountability.
@_date: 2014-02-24 23:46:03
.. such as confusing it with "lying out your ass for trolololz", then you have no place in a thread discussing how to run an automated Bitcoin vending machine without being arrested and/or fined into bankruptcy for your trouble.
@_date: 2014-07-26 09:48:32
You heard wrong, dude! x3
His front-end was apparently decent, but very little depth of security. Once you got through the front it was pretty easy to escalate through the rest of his op. This is a pretty common flaw in one-man-shop against law enforcement sorts of setups, so you can't feel too bad. It takes a community of pen testers to resist foes like the god damned NSA. :P
Who *is* a master of security is freaking Satoshi, though. Jesus mother fucking christ, what he hath wrought neither 5 years of 24/7 operation minute by minute through unexpected and novel circumstances and global workload nor the combined brainpower of the brightest minds every world government has employed can seem to stop or even momentarily put a glitch in its stride.
How would you feel if you were beset by the skill to just tap out a couple thousand lines of C++ code that had that level of inexorable power? 8I
@_date: 2014-12-19 21:08:13
Neither the credit card nor the paypal payments that they currently accept are physical, either. These are balances in company (and later bank) ledgers only, and every bit as digital as bitcoin.
Physical payment would amount to fiat notes (even these are only deeds to entries in a bank ledger, small denomination bearer's bonds..) or precious metals. Incidentally, Lastpass does *not* accept *any* forms of physical payment whatsoever. :P
@_date: 2014-07-10 19:20:57


I plead guilty to Duck typing, then. :3
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:42:40
I can't speak for Playboy's offerings in particular but, yeah, people pay to have ameture porn produced at the very minimum. Webcam chat sessions, fulfilling niche kinks. Even financing sites or actors you want to patronize.
The only content you're going to get for free is whatever other people have already decided to produce, after all.
@_date: 2014-03-14 19:20:32
Argentina has laws forcing you to use their currency which they manipulate to drain your wealth. Which country has laws forcing you to store Bitcoins at Mt Gox?
@_date: 2014-01-22 21:47:40
Then go write your own buttcoin bot
@_date: 2014-09-11 20:08:15
Rich adoption of B2C, including gas stations and grocery stores and paying your rent, mortgage and utilities will be the easiest way to support B2E.
@_date: 2014-12-09 10:11:06


blah bloo oh my god I love [buttholes](so much I just want to eat 'em! blah rabble blue.
But thanks for clarifying who needs a tag and ignore, buh-bye. x3
@_date: 2014-10-01 05:00:24
So are the tumblers in a deadbolt lock. Luckily you don't have to deal directly with them, do you?
Filing the paperwork to prove who you really are after a case of identity theft, now *that* is too confusing for the average Joe.
@_date: 2014-02-28 21:52:14


Just so that we're clear, if there were comments about the relative attractiveness of men in every picture linked from this sub, or speculating about the relative attractiveness of men you can't see in the comments (perhaps insinuations about haberdashery, weight, or location of facial hair, for example) then there wouldn't be any men using Bitcoin either?
My theory is that in our culture, men are simply more liable to be interested in bare metal technologies to meet their goals and women are more liable to be interested in influencing other people to meet their goals. There's a long history of this, which I would also love to eliminate. Bitcoin does little to enhance the strategy of influencing others compared to traditional methods, so a majority of women happen to have no use for it and no impetus to discuss it here.
I can support this anecdotally. I've never heard a woman say "The reason I don't do business with Bitcoin is because it's fans are a boys club." But I've heard dozens of women say "The reason I don't do business with Bitcoin is because it's boring." Men usually form strong opinions: I love it, I hate it, it's a game changer, it's a scam, I'm either hopeful or skeptical.. but just haven't got my head wrapped around it yet, etc. But that never seems to be a continuum I've noticed any women espouse; save for the ones I've literally met through this venue to begin with (pre-filtering).
Once certain feminists begin to notice how it's profitable and there are no other obvious avenues into the party however, they play the tired old card of "there aren't many women in your ecosystem, therefor you must be using sexism to lock them out. You'd better roll out the red carpet for us quick, because I want some of this profit I keep hearing about and I don't want to have to learn anything or expose myself to any risk to get it".
@_date: 2014-05-25 01:24:09
A court order does not lock the money, a court order merely threatens legal repercussions if the people in control over the money fail to lock it.
In the case of the bank, the bank yields to the court order and locks the money with no further advocacy involved. Hosted BTC wallets in the United States may behave similarly, which is among the reasons it is recommended to avoid relying upon those instead of just using personal wallet software.
@_date: 2014-12-27 14:51:14
Brb, offering a patch that uses a deterministic algorithm over time based on historical trends to fake voting on posts by shadowbanned people viewable only to themselves.
@_date: 2014-08-17 00:38:46
Do you have any empirical evidence to back that up?
In my eyes, Bitcoin is a grand experiment. While I am eager to witness what effect it may or may not have in the world, I do not presuppose my findings.
@_date: 2014-02-23 16:38:53
HSBC bigshots would pay many smaller-time schmo's to fence the cash, and some or all of them would hang out at an atm feeding in bills just like you see people feeding cans into the can return for an hour at a time if that's how they'll make their margins.
Naturally, that's not going to happen so long as more convenient fencing methods exist. But, assuming that regulators knew how to do their jobs more convenient fencing methods *would not* exist and what you suggest would, in fact, begin to look a lot more appealing to whoever needs to clean their cash.
And finally, yeah we get it the Charlie Shrems of the world take the fall while HSBC is too big to jail. As fucked up as that certainly is, there are no aspects of building an ATM that can buck that trend. Even if drug kingpins won't hang out at the ATM fencing twenties, mooks for LEO certainly will just to prove it can be done and then haul your ass in.
@_date: 2014-10-20 16:33:34
What a lousy accusation. It offers zero proof and could thus be copied and pasted into any article, forcing other people to either do the footwork to determine if the claim is true or to blindly take some anonymous people-eater at his word.
@_date: 2014-03-05 18:02:23
True, what I mean is that I've known about them since they were a fledgeling idea with some 3d printed parts in a bitcointalk thread in 2012, and cheered on their cause but demurred from sending money in that unchecked direction even then.
@_date: 2014-02-25 15:58:47
I'm sorry, I misread your first post "Hell I can buy booze" as "sell" instead, and figured you were a bartender or ran a liquor store or something of the sort. :3
@_date: 2014-07-21 23:26:45
People use the word "hack" to describe "unnauthorized access". Perhaps you don't like this use of the word, but it's bad form to pretend you don't know what the person is actually trying to communicate.
In other news, RIP "literally" since the public began using it hyperbolically.
@_date: 2014-07-14 21:40:53


It is no less intellectually dishonest than comparing USD to other fiats that rely on USD performance, which is why I made that tongue in cheek remark as an illustration "Since you seem so fond of relativity" and then followed it up with more substantive comparisons that you conveniently ignored. ;3
@_date: 2014-01-28 00:12:35
Cryptology! :D
@_date: 2014-02-28 09:55:58
Yeah, exchanges and brokerages require your address (usually photo ID + utility bill) to boot..
You are *buying* bitcoins, so they are explicitly debiting your account. 
@_date: 2014-02-06 00:58:54
"Don't be evil"
@_date: 2014-01-22 21:33:31
just tipped 5 millibitcoins, worth about $4.23usd at time of tip. He did this using the [Bitcoin Tip Bot]( which you can read more about at that link. :3
@_date: 2014-09-18 20:53:01


Coinbase is a *1%* fee, on top of a ~$0.15 bank interchange fee. Discounts for paying in Bitcoin normally run something like 3% depending on where you shop or what's going on (I like [Gyft]( and [eGifter]( for exaple) given that merchants have to pay CC companies a minimum of 3-3.5% to use their fraud-ridden systems, and the more forward thinking among those will redistribute their savings on to their participating customers.
You can also try selling goods or services for BTC, and then you don't pay any fees at all save the voluntary tx fees. That way fiat is shut out of the loop entirely.
But if your only perspective of BTC is "magic pixie dust that's supposed to make the shopping you're already been doing way cheaper" then you should stop to think what value you're intending to bring into the ecosystem in order to earn the value you seem to be hoping to wring back out of it.
Yes, you *can* save 2% or more by paying the 1% at Coinbase and then enjoying 3% or greater savings at different merchants due to skipping credit card inefficiencies. No, 2% is not an earth shattering amount and may not be worth all of the button pressing and protocol comprehending you'll be asked to do this early in our ecosystem's development. But you're also not going to get much out of a pot luck you don't bring any of your own offerings to, *especially* not when you expect the pot luck to deliver to your house without a fee.
@_date: 2014-08-06 02:55:58


.. instead the higher courts get politically pressured to deny the appeal.
@_date: 2014-08-06 20:55:05
Guantanamo Bay, FISA, McCarthy, Rodney King, Roe vs Wade, Kim Dotcom, Stephen Nodine, The Pirate Bay, [Rumsfeld]( The Mafia, *The Salem Witch Trials* for chrissakes.
The jackboot of political pressure gets pressed against the jugular of due process all of the freaking time. You might as well reply to a statement like "gun violence kills people" with "it doesn't work that way".
@_date: 2014-11-28 17:24:44
Not only are you missing the point utterly, but .. 
@_date: 2014-01-03 00:14:40
Fair enough, but why did they select a name already so encumbered then?
Titanic Travel would be a great name in the late 1800's, but a terrible one ever since the second quarter of the twentieth century. :P
@_date: 2014-07-20 02:31:31
Customer initiates an ACH bank draft via Coinbase to buy the Bitcoin required, and instantly spends it to Dell who autoconverts back to fiat and receives a commensurate ACH back to them the following morning.
Neither party faces any currency fluctuation and both parties spend less than they would via CC or Paypal, and chargebacks and buyer fraud are impossible while seller fraud is just as likely as "Dell stole mah money" would ever have been: eg less likely than "Paypal stole mah money".
@_date: 2014-07-26 10:59:51
On top of points, there is also:
1. Merchant invoicing services. If you want to be able to collect BTC from others with a convenient UI, Coinbase can git'r'dun.
2. the new Vault feature. Sure, you can store BTC on your PC or mobile, but then malware can whisk it away instantly. Assuming Coinbase itself remains trustworthy, then you can timelock funds in their vault.
3. Poor man's tumbler: depending on who you wish to obfuscate your assets from on the blockchain (won't work for whomever can subpeona coinbase, will work from lesser mortals), the amount you deposit to coinbase goes to a completely different address than whatever you withdraw is sent to you from.
Granted, for point 2. I might first recommend greenaddress.it or similar multisig wallets which advertise nlocktime features instead, but I haven't really dug into them enough yet myself to be completely certain what the character of their service is. ;3
@_date: 2014-10-01 18:00:18
I never mentioned them being benefactors of government intervention. They may very well be, but it is utterly laughable to assume that's the only way to corner a market.
Monopolies can form due to poor Government intervention or they can form in the wild. Example: Government itself *is* a regional monopoly, and almost every Government in history formed without the intervention of any parent "supergovernment".
At any rate, it should not be legal for monopolies to practice (or oligopolies to collude) anti-competitive behavior.
@_date: 2014-09-17 23:50:28
Yip. A: you can never 100% prevent fraud. Not even with Bitcoin, though it sure takes a huge step in that direction. It's just that CC companies not only don't come close they have a conflict of interest inasmuch as they can profit from not even trying.
And B: when fraud *does* happen it ought to be eaten by whoever is most directly responsible for making the transaction secure in the first place. In Bitcoin: a bare metal protocol where everything is DIY that's going to be either the merchant or the consumer depending on type of failure, but both parties get to spread layers above that including escrow, wallet services and merchant gateways that may elect to shoulder such responsibilities in order to appease their customers.
With CC, that should always be the CC processor except for cases where they can accurately identify an actual perp they can shake down to get their money back. Otherwise, what good *are* all these whack-ass fees that they charge if said fees do nothing to buffet the impact of fraud?
@_date: 2014-12-03 05:14:47
Whew, I sure am glad that nobody ever loses or steals fiat currencies! Haha, you know they are safe because anything bad happening would hit front page on in no time flat! :D
@_date: 2014-09-20 20:17:45
So you are suggesting that people think it might be divisible only one hundred times, and they feel defeated by bitcents costing magnificent sums like $4usd?
I think people held back by the absurd notion of "too expensive" simply confuse Bitcoin with stock, where the units are just not divisible.
@_date: 2014-01-27 22:23:19


The description of demand creating a black market is not sufficient to describe why that black market in turn is not encouraged by market forces alone towards non-aggression. Customers are extorted and rival gangs wage war instead of competing to offer better and more-demanded products. Speaking of which, the products themselves are also frequently of the worst possible quality to again gouge the customer.
State regulation is often cited by anarcho-capitalists as the reason for monopolies and abuse, although in these unregulated environments it is quite clear that market forces alone encourage every possible penny-pinching, myopic and violent abuse under the sun without the slightest aid of government interference.
@_date: 2014-02-09 02:47:21
Null hypothesis is innocence. How do *you* prove that a police officer is being untruthful? Wear a wire 24/7?
@_date: 2014-02-07 22:55:25


I would call it an unrealistic *line item* to start a new business!
You give me $300, I give you a digital code, end of transaction. Woops! We need $1mil insurance for that.
Now that said, I wouldn't be bothered by licencing requirements that require you to bond for an amount commensurate with the amount of damage somebody in that position could reasonably cause. For example, X months of transaction volume.
@_date: 2014-03-06 19:35:31
Nor to the "har har, everybody here is masturbating retards (but me!)" trolling, it appears.
Personally, degradation of quality doesn't bother me nearly as much as the jimmy rustling derailing lulz farming bullshit that you seem so proud of.
@_date: 2014-06-20 12:28:29


I'm not going to argue against that option, of course! &lt;3
But so far as fiat-&gt;BTC, trading with online traders on LBC still does not carry nearly as high of a premium as the face to face trades.
As much as anybody can complain about the expense or the hassle, none of that would have been an issue if Bitfloor, Bitme, etc that offered the same service professionally weren't shut down in the spirit of anti-competitiveness. :P
@_date: 2014-08-06 04:40:00


Because being paid by the minute makes no sense unless your participation is also being tracked and audited by the minute.
It is reasonable for a human being to have highs and lows in their performance that average out over a two week pay period. Were you here over the last two weeks? Yeah. Did you get your projects done? Yeah. Did you break any employment-jeopardizing rules in this time period? Not that I'm aware of. Great, here's your paycheck.
But the last thing a human needs is either a manager or an automated system questioning why their performance from 3:57-3:58pm lagged 48% behind their performance at the exact same interval the day before (spoiler: it was a hang-nail) in order to ascertain if their pay should be docked before irretrievably cutting a virtual check.
@_date: 2014-10-23 20:28:06


"for free, so that I don't have to, and if I ever run faster than my guardian angel at least I get to salve my wounds by ridiculing them for not being as smart as they must have thought they were. Dweeb! Haha"
For most people security is just about CYA and scapegoating.
@_date: 2014-02-10 06:32:03
Lol, imagine you get there and the only thing they accept is Euros. Are you going to troll around looking for a local branch of your bank, spend a half hour in line during lunch rush, pay up to 30% conversion fee to get European bank notes and then come back just to be polite?
No, I think if you don't want my money that badly then I don't have to be interested in your food, either.
@_date: 2014-09-17 20:03:49
Let's review.
[This PDF]( page 34:


Unless you can offer citations stronger than those available directly off of VISA's website (perhaps something from the FTC?) or multiple VISA citations to backpedal this one: any argument that checking the signature has any affect merchant liability is now officially over.
Which, is probably why nobody checks them.
@_date: 2014-12-30 23:24:14
Why that doesn't sound right. If purchase of a service is not optional in the view of the buyer (demand is completely inelastic) then price discovery is impossible.
The vendor (in this case, bank or credit card company) would be best served to charge you 100% of your disposable income for that service if they knew you would never opt out from it under any circumstances.
For the rest of us, everything has a price. If I pay for goods at the Wal-mart teller in cash, I'm not paranoid that Wal-mart is going to commit fraud against me *because I happen to trust them more than I trust VISA to begin with*. If I have a problem, Wal-mart is probably going to pay attention and set things straight in fairly prompt order while VISA will make me jump through hoops and then ultimately make their decision based on tea leaves.
But, I cannot push cash through the monitor to Wal-mart when I order things online. I have to basically pay VISA 2-3.5% for a service I am honest to god never going to need out of them.
So, I just shop at Overstock/Newegg/Tiger Direct online instead.
@_date: 2014-03-25 19:47:50
I think when you're buying or selling coins on Coinbase then the Coinbase rate had ought to apply, for obvious reasons. ;3
It should be perfectly reasonable and consistent to quote Exchange A's rate when trading on Exchange A, and Exchange B's rate when trading on Exchange B.
It should not be reasonable or consistent to quote Exchange A's rate only because it always hews low when you sell, or Exchange B's rate because it always hews high when you buy.
@_date: 2014-02-04 00:50:42


Ah sweet. Maybe we should do that, instead. Just donate via paypal/cc and then charge back multiple times so that this payment system they're so in love with can really see it's full potential.
But in all seriousness, Why should I give them my money if my money is not good enough for them? I don't know about OP, but I am perfectly happy to answer a "fuck you" in kind.
@_date: 2014-09-03 00:48:57
Of course we would. Processor doesn't care how big the send amount is because at the $1 level you're already looking at 38.5% total fee due to that fixed term. In fact, once you're down *that* small the fixed term dominates the percentage and Google's rates wind up winning by a couple of pennies.
In fact, solving for the common price point between the two it looks like Google's lower per-transaction fixed fee (0.21 &lt; 0.35) makes their formula cheaper than our ameture CC running (again, only by pennies) up until inputs of $9.33.
On the other hand, compare with Coinbase at 1% conversion fee and if tipper chooses to dedicate a whole bank transfer to each tip (they certainly wouldn't have to) then a ~$0.15 banking fee. That's 10cents (or ten percent) more meat than Google's fee structure even at 1%, and linearly greater savings at larger tip amounts. For customers who use one bank transfer to purchase a small amount of BTC and then tip off of that, the $0.15 fixed term goes away and we're looking at a 25 cent gain (or 1/4 of all being offered) over Google at $1, and again explosively more savings at larger tip amounts.
EDIT: if you're wondering why I only credit Google's fee structure with "cents" of gain in this discussion instead of "percent" gain like I describe Coinbase/BTC, it's because the former only wins at super small payment amounts and thus *can* only ever be a few cents per transaction, even as the transactions get bigger and their win gets smaller. Coinbase/BTC beats Google's fee structure in such a way that the gain *increases* at larger payments, making the *per*cent a fairer comparison.
@_date: 2014-12-14 04:57:47
With this apparently throwaway account, you have literally never posted anywhere that doesn't begin with the word "Bitcoin". So who know where your real account posts?
@_date: 2014-09-27 10:25:27
Yeah, it gets tough when the colloquial term for usd is just "dollars" though. It skews the results by like, uh, fractions of a percent from [this]( :/
@_date: 2014-01-31 03:18:49
/me nods, okay they have a section about "barter income" which claims you've basically got to claim gains on every goods purchase.
I believe that is CYA more than anything else though, and do low enough volumes of purchases right now to bet that it won't hold up. We'll see. ;3
@_date: 2014-09-30 00:33:04
Actually it was not by a longshot. Primarily because some hapless poster posted the exact same thing during the Nov 2013 runup, and I replied with "ho ho, I have just started my own exchange, but I'm the only member! I am now depositing 1BTC on my own behalf. Now I am buying and selling it to myself one quadrillion times per second. All done. Now, if you measure average volume with strokes as broad as "per century" my degenerate exchange will still rate as having a higher trade volume than MtGox. The end."
@_date: 2014-12-09 02:16:48
Metamucil: we're going to regulate the shit out of you.
@_date: 2014-09-29 06:18:18
Perhaps, but it misleads people into making utterly false comparisons.
1. [people attributing meaning to the crossover point](
2. People attributing meaning to competing graph slopes (eg, final dip in Bitcoin graph looks shallower than final dip in USD graph when in fact it was monumentally steeper)
things like that.
@_date: 2014-09-22 20:20:41
Because of the expense and effort that would be required to rebuild all of the infrastructure already built around Bitcoin itself. From services like Coinbase to merchant adoption at dozens of large retailers, anybody who "just wants to create a brand new currency" has a hell of a lead to catch up with and whoever is powerful today has already invested in the dollar (or other currencies presently pegged to it) and would be too busy trying to escape that sinking ship to re-invest in *any* safe commodity to have the forsight to out-bitcoin bitcoin.
Bitcoin has been built as an *alternative* to centralized control over finance which makes the *software*, regardless of who has the early coins, the absolute polar opposite of today's financial elite. They got where they are by manipulating the assets of the masses and blockchain crypto-currency does not allow them to do that.
So, how would they *sell* an alt that they get to premine? What inducement could they use to convince merchants to adopt it but avoid Bitcoin at the same time, or to finance new Coinbase, Circle  et al replacement services while making *them* eschew Bitcoin?
Better yet, how do they convince people the new currency does something that Bitcoin wasn't already doing? You cannot just purchase the inception of this kind of innovation.
@_date: 2014-12-26 10:44:04
"Temporary", delineated by what?
The point of durably moving an asset through *time* is that it's not going to spoil on you. It will have some value when you want to sell it within the ballpark of what you bought it for whether you hold it for a day or a lifetime.
That, and minimizing maintenance costs. The $500/acre farmland output he quoted makes a ton of assumptions, among them: $500 *revenue* per acre with no expenses of any kind quoted, and the revenue includes government corn subsidies, etc.
I grew up on 11 acres of "American Cropland" and I guarantee my family didn't sit on any free $5,500/yr stipend because of it. In fact, adjusted for inflation they lost quite a chunk when they sold it: notably in 2012 instead of 2007 when it was worth 3 times as much on the market. 
For anybody requiring a visual aid, I was literally Courage the Cowardly Dog save that our house only had one story and my grandmother's accent was not Irish. :P
@_date: 2014-10-30 23:51:41


One year ago I had Bitcoinstore, bitcoinin, gyft and egifter with 200 retailers between them including Amazon, Burger King, Target and Whole foods, CVS and Walgreens. Since then we have gained very little aside from Dell, Overstock, Tiger direct and Newegg. While their confidence in us is very nice and all, almost everything they sell was already available through other retailers like Amazon or Bitcoinstore a year ago so that actual volume of merchandise available has not changed much in a year.


I've been buying bitcoin instantly via Coinbase since late 2012. At the time we also had Bitfloor, bitme, and LBC had just launched online exchanges which can also be instant. Over the past year the only change has been Coinbase making it *harder* to get instant BTC (need a credit card on file, longer waiting periods and more KYC filing) and the introduction of Circle last month [who's launch has been shaky at best](


Electrum has been HD since I first installed it in 2011, Multibit has been since I first heard about in 2012, and those have been the two most popular desktop wallet clients beyond QT, even before Bitcoin.org began advertising both of these options to the newbs [in April 2013](


Early 2013 was the period when Bitcoin.info first began offering multisig. Why they eventually shut it down I don't know, but it was there. While you are right that the more well known greenaddress.it didn't start business until Jan 2014, [Bitgo has apparently been doing it since Aug 2013](
I don't have to look into the history of Bitcoin, I've been here the whole time.
@_date: 2014-07-23 23:47:28
This is a very "if it's free, then you're the product" kind of crowd so I'm guessing that yes, he would pay for the service.
Better questions are "who would insure it". As a depositor, Coinbase already legally owes you the money you deposit in the terms agreed upon; insurance only has meaning as a backdrop to a mistake or insolvency of coinbase itself.
So, who would insure it that's even more trustworthy than Coinbase, and under what circumstances would they pay out? EG: if your coins got "stoled" what is the mechanism by which you could ever possibly prove that you didn't simply withdraw them covertly and file a false claim?
@_date: 2014-07-20 02:04:02
Citation needed.
Not because I don't believe you, but just because it's the sort of citation I might enjoy bludgeoning fiat apologists with down the road. :J
@_date: 2014-12-12 05:42:40
The problem is they are not entirely domestic. They are both international franchises, and the edges of those webs are bound to have a much harder (read: more expensive and labor intensive time) settling debts in USD both with the mothership and with their suppliers.
@_date: 2014-07-25 01:15:58
If all it took was to couch supposed commands in joke format to always get off the hook, we would get a lot of comedian cartels overnight.
@_date: 2014-08-01 20:42:32
I've had this discussion before, but building a protocol that does not require a certain type of organization (such as trust) for that layer of the protocol to work does not forbid anybody from building additional layers atop that which do dabble in that organizational type.
Instead, it *encourages* it by not forcing you into any specific organizational paradigm at the foundation.
For example, the legacy banking institution centralizes trust in such a way that in order to do business with person X, you basically have to trust the same payment fabric full of human beings and their own conflict of interest that person X does. They accept paypal? You *have* to trust Paypal to in order to get money to them. Skrill? Square? VISA? Western Union? check, check, check.
Bitcoin allows you to have two people do business without trusting anybody at all, but the real power there isn't "now nobody can ever trust anybody any more, take that meatbags!" it's that two people who want to do business *don't have to trust the same people*, or anybody at all *if they don't wish to*.
But even in the Bitcoin sphere, trust has it's benefits: low tx fees -&gt; 0 tx fees in-network, ~10min 1conf -&gt; instant clearance in-network, keeping bloat off the blockchain, balance kept at an exchange means that your orders can be fulfilled automatically without you having to manually sign off and miss the order, third parties may be better at infosec than the customer is, etc.
So now one customer using a Coinbase wallet can pay a vendor using Bitpay merchant gateway, even if Coinbase and Bitpay had never heard of one another before. It's an "out of network" transaction which means miner fees are levied, and Bitpay (depending on amount and merchant preferences) may require confs whereas coinbase-&gt;coinbase internal transactions would skip all of the above, but it is better than trying to pay a square terminal from your skrill balance or feed your paypal earnings into a merchant's echeck-only payment system.
@_date: 2014-01-26 20:03:45
Meh. We could also build a viable space program for just a few billion dollars, doesn't mean the threat against these guys' profits (all human life not withstanding) of inevitable asteroid annihilation is enough for them to put men on mars.
@_date: 2014-12-14 13:08:14
Yes, by all means stay in the game. Here's 15000 bits. hehe! +From a fellow miner who struck gold with Avalon x3
@_date: 2014-09-23 22:38:50
At this level of Paypal integration, Paypal "Braintree" or "Payments Hub" clients will be able to establish a merchant account with either Bitpay or Coinbase and then just check a box in the product they already have integrated into their potentially complicated web payment system, and additionally these merchants have the *endorsement* of Paypal to begin experimenting with the new currency.
Prior to this, same merchants would have had to:
* Trust the currency without endorsement from companies they already have a great relationship with. And how do you normally grow to trust technologies you personally lack the chops to vet? Based on endorsement from the people in your life whom you *do* trust.
* Not only make the merchant account linkage but work out how to embed Coinbase or Bitpay integration into their complicated web (or even client-side-application) payment systems with no help (or possibly just with coinbase/bitpay help). You know the adage that every thing you fix or add tends to break something else behind it? Yeah.
And the more merchants who accept payments in this fashion and statistically track how much revenue this draws (much of which might not come through in other payment types) the greater the network effect and pressure on whatever merchants are left to fall in line, leading to the next big tipping point of merchants *using* bitcoin to pay suppliers and thus short-cutting past two different conversions to/from fiat. :3
@_date: 2014-07-24 00:54:45
I know nothing about Circle's insurance: Who insures them and under what circumstances does this third party pay out?
Does it protect me from my credentials being hacked and assets stolen, and if it does then how can it tell if I covertly withdraw and then posted a fraudulent claim?
@_date: 2014-07-21 22:44:56
I love how the Home Depot preview image is basically just a coreldraw cloud filter over an empty canvas. :P
@_date: 2014-11-26 10:26:45
Alright, but how do arbiters *there* protect you against wrong item, empty box, broken item etc and how do consumers know which arbiters can? :P
@_date: 2014-01-13 15:44:27
Buy your scenario could not have impacted anyone but bitcoin shoppers, who at this time are more than savvy enough on average to give them benefit of the doubt, while every ordinary sale would continue unaffected. 
@_date: 2014-01-27 04:06:40
They're a broker.. just like robocoin ATM is, really.
On an exchange, you allow folks to offer trades at the price and volume they specify, and then you only satisfy orders against ads that are already out there. Also, you probably have stricter reg requirements than Coinbase does.
@_date: 2014-07-09 18:52:55
Quit moving the goalposts, this is what you just said:


Was that a careless remark? Because a majority of women in relationships *do* perform oral sex on their partners in an utterly voluntary fashion. This is because "most people enjoy sex" to one extent or another, and I think you have a hard time wrapping your noddle around that.
@_date: 2014-08-17 06:47:25
**** your password management policies xD
@_date: 2014-03-26 00:21:51
Sounds very close to how Coinbase works.
Imma email their support and see what their thoughts on supporting direct deposit conversion to BTC are. :J
@_date: 2014-11-29 22:29:36
For Bitcoin-qt over tor my first concern would be "what if the irc servers bitcoin uses to find other nodes were compromised over your Tor exit node". *shrugs*
@_date: 2014-01-26 19:38:34
Again, I disagree. The wealth really is yours, it's *context* (eg, it's price by way of other assets; how much you can sell it for) is a social construct.
If you want to look at it that way, then all you *own* at a bank is an IOU represented by an account balance in an agreement where you as an individual hold virtually no power against a multinational bank. Your getting cash — a different and much more widely accepted asset — out of the bank is a social construct and subject to bank policy, which includes "no I don't feel like you're justified to have that much cash, peon".


The oppression of the majority starts at creating one-size-fits-all rules limiting all people's capacity to fall in the lines of what appreciates the security of.
While I can appreciate that you do *choose* to store your money in a bank, short of the emerging Bitcoin economy there is currently no choice to exchange money with most entities over distance than yielding your wealth into that system.
@_date: 2014-07-24 00:46:55
The trouble is that there is no one standard for computer literacy. Does it mean breadth of knowledge, such as how to leverage social media so that your twitter followers fan the flames of your youtube revenue, or does it mean depth of knowledge such as the ability to code 3d gaming engines along with the UDP networking skills you'd need to add multiplayer?
This is further complicated by the fact that every different computing language and paradigm represents a different layer of contrived human invention. Your coding language has an inconsistent arguments API because Guido van Rossum thought it made sense at the time, and the operating system calls you rely on beneath that open a glaring user permission flaw that allows arbitrary root code execution because some Microsoft engineer thought it was a good idea at the time, and your ability to use files to even access the disk is limited by an artificial bottleneck because some drive controller engineer thought it was a good idea to loop data through the same congestion point in triplicate, etc.
literacy in any particular computing platform (learning to code language X, optimize for microcontroler Y or the ettiquette of social media platform Z) involves familiarizing yourself with lists of flaws and jagged edges that people have adapted their behavior to accept instead of resolving at the root. Being "literate" at reading or writing in English is just one (albiet, fairly complex) natural language in comparison to "being able to predict and appropriately react to any god damned thing that a bleeping box might see fit to do to you next". :P
@_date: 2014-03-20 18:32:33


If you enter into a contract or any terms of service with a bitcoin banking company, then the contract defines the jurisdiction. Multi-national banking institutions are no less borderless. 
Basically you're just saying that globalization frightens you. Powers are now evolving that don't answer to any one geographical political regime because they also do not rely upon any unique, localized resources any said regime could control.. so you immediately jump to the conclusion that individual purchasers can never be protected just because the buck doesn't always stop at My Local Government™.
@_date: 2014-02-12 23:31:11


That's kind of the point, though. If any protocol expert should know what to design workarounds for, then they should just as easily be able to enumerate the workarounds they have to design.
Everyone ragged on Gox for missing malleability. So if it's such a basic thing for them to have overlooked then what other potentially overlookable things are there?
@_date: 2014-09-18 20:17:46
But anybody wanting to offer it for cheaper still has to find some manner to get ahold of BTC to sell.
@_date: 2014-09-20 04:36:35




Your downvotes do a good job confirming the sort of crowd who is reading your post. My apologies. :(
@_date: 2014-10-17 19:25:21


What kind of communist scum would put any of the obviously terrorist amendments back in?
@_date: 2014-04-14 21:02:59
From [TFA](


@_date: 2014-11-17 20:06:44
Things that I am: One of these nerd guys whom you speak of who has submitted pull requests to the Bitcoin reference client.
Things that you appear to be: utterly out to lunch and mouth-foaming about the same things that Elliot Rodgers did before his coward implosion.
But let's add to this "set on ignore" because I'm not convinced you'll ever get around to stringing any more words into sentences that I (or probably anyone) will ever find value in trying to read.
@_date: 2014-09-03 00:18:38
Right, would you support them if they asked viewers to fold dollar bills into paper airplanes and then throw *really* hard, just hoping that the content creators receive it?
Everybody's point is that using Bitcoin, or even partnering with Coinbase or Bitpay so that the Bitcoin element was buried behind the scenes, they could have achieved the same with only 1% or less fees. Even if they had partnered with Square, Paypal, Skrill, etc the fees would have been 2.5-3.5% in the USA.
Hell, they could have Linden Labs or Virwox maintaining balances and issuing micropayments using Linden Dollars or OMC in the background for 3.5% commission and potentially 1$-per-withdrawal-to-Paypal on the receiver's side.
Subbable uses Amazon Payments which is payer's credit card to receiver's bank account at less than 4% too.
My company accepts credit card payments from customers at 3.5% + $0.35 fixed, which is about 42% cheaper than what Google is advertising.
I have literally never heard of anything this expensive since Western Union instant cash transfers to a different country.
@_date: 2014-08-05 01:28:42
I don't trust you, therefor Trezor must be legit. Is that how I'm meant to do it? ;3
Seriously though, the attack surface on open source Bitcoin software which facilitates cold storage (such as electrum, armory, etc) that has also not had any "high level audits", running on a netbook that costs more than $119, [and is already a target of NSA hardware interdiction]( it incomparably higher than the surface area on a relatively small piece of open hardware running a relatively small piece of open software that is quickly becoming the focus of everybody's attention.
The bitcoin protocol in general and Bitcoin-QT in particular have had a number of high level audits, but those audits mean nothing if your porous OS (let alone hardware) gets compromised.
This offering is both Transparent and Hardenned. Both you and the world can see every moving part and there are exponentially fewer moving parts even *capable* of betraying your trust.
Don't trust their RNG? Create your BIP0032 wallet seed via Diceware. Afraid they will transmit your key? Okay, but through what conduit? The device has no network connectivity and relies on your computer for all communication.
I am not trying to tell you that you have to have one or that you have to trust it, but if you want to assert that hand-rolled cold storage is in any sense safer I would like to hear the logic to back that up instead of inchoate FUD.
@_date: 2014-11-22 15:56:05
You used it as a point of contrast between email and bitcoin in order to illustrate how the phenomena of email adoption differs from that of bitcoin adoption.
So you either have to own up to (and explain) the initial alleged contrast, offer a different contrast, abandon your original point or perform some other action which telegraphs how much of a misleading pedant you are. Personally, I am chill with all of these permutations. ;3
@_date: 2014-09-22 23:17:30


Could easily *today*. But what are the conditions where they would actually try?
Condition  Dollar value slipping into the early stages of hyperinflation, and with it whithering the purchasing power of these entities.
Condition  Bitcoin value not being directly negatively impacted by the poor fortune of the dollar, and with it further investment, fame, price increases, and *growing* expense to be able to compete with it.
As the cost to offer what Bitcoin already offers freely (from adoption to buzz-in-this-climate to familiarity) increases past $1billion 2014 usd, the cash flows of credit card companies or banks who may seek such a project would be withering under the same sea change. And who says they would even fire such a wad in an intelligent direction at all? (ie: MintChip)


Read my question again: *supporting* the new coin would be meaningless unless you could also *force support for the old coin* to be dropped. Centralization *might* make this easier, but Coinbase is already many millions of USD invested in bitcoin and holding hundreds of thousands of BTC on behalf of their clients. I don't think that wololo'ing that player would be nearly as simple as just running them out of business, yet new entrants like Circle and Bitpay will seamlessly step in to fill the void before any upstart alt could do it.


Then that's a narrow perspective. It was mined by the people who built the ecosystem and who exposed themselves to the risk this technology would ever grow. Alt coins don't take the risk that *cryptocurrency* or *blockchain technology* will become popular, they do nothing but ride on coat tails in that arena. Instead they take no risk besides dethroning Bitcoin itself, which again they can only do by offering at least an additional order of magnitude of innovation to the code and/or an order of magnitude to merchant adoption.
The investment that makes the gamble deserves the returns when the gamble pays off. Card processing companies who can't even lay off of the "profiting from buyer fraud" bong for long enough to deploy chip and pin in the united states are in no position to both build and market a bitcoin-competing network prior to the tipping point where it would begin to matter to them: the same tipping point that marks the end of their window of opportunity to nip anything in the bud.
@_date: 2014-08-27 03:34:38
I think you (or others before you) might simply be confused because of the editorial disclaimer at the bottom of the article.
@_date: 2014-01-05 06:32:32
I pay for my internet access in bitcoin. Buy most of my hardware in bitcoin. My landlords are interested to begin accepting Bitcoin for the rent, they're just too lazy to sit down and sign up for the merchant processor so they get supremely inconvenient checks in the mail for the time being. Pay the electric bill in cash.
I personally have bank account, paypal, et al but choose to minimize my security surface area.
Still buy groceries on debit, but just waiting for Krogers or Walmart to support Bitcoin or Gyft and that will be done too. Dining out is half and half already thanks to Gyft.
@_date: 2014-03-03 22:20:50


I'm sorry, this is a terribly loosely defined basket of goods which still exists today and, I presume, no longer qualifies as a bubble, yes?
How about you point out a specific brand, well known enough to have some impact on the public consciousness as Bitcoin does today, that lost 50% of it's value *four full times* before *collapsing completely*, to illustrate that they had no core value beyond speculation.
If all you're going to do is draw parallels between Bitcoin and Internet Business, then you're only arguing my point for me. Individual Bitcoin *businesses*, like Gox, can easily crash and burn. However none of them take the overarching Bitcoin value down in flames with them, so whoever did not specifically tie their wealth to said businesses will do fine.
@_date: 2014-12-22 12:10:28


Bitcoin represents a shift in the problem domain. For normal currency, you have to trust a third party (your bank) who has to authenticate you (to know you are supposed to be in control over these funds). You fail if the third party cannot be trusted (Savings and Loan crisis, haircuts, fraud, etc) **and** you fail if the third party cannot uniquely identify you (identity theft).
Bitcoin uses the math described in this video to boil the entire problem down farther than it has ever been boiled before.
"Can you keep a secret?"
Maybe not just any secret, but at least something on the order of 160 bits of entropy. However any secret with at least that much entropy would do so long as you can remember it exactly, or securely store it, but not let anybody else know it.
Has a nude photo ever been taken of you, by an SO, or as a lark, that you do not want your co-workers to see? Well that photo has far more than 160 bits of entropy, so if you really can keep that secret then you really can keep a bitcoin address secret, too.
How about that time your friend did something stupid in cancun and swore you NEVER to tell anybody? Well, I'm certain you could arrange the details of that secret so that they have more than 160 bits of easy to memorize entropy, such as a pair of limricks including names and dates and stuff, or alternate lyrics to a couple of bars of your favorite song. While I am not actually asking you to formalize your mate's dirty laundry into binary, I am just proving that if you can keep that secret it's equally easy to keep this one.
So, loose lips sink ships. You would not show that photo or brag about that cancun trip at a Christmas party where you are likely to be overheard by a gossip bug, so you should not store bitcoin private keys on an easily pwnt computer either.
People are just really good at securing certain things, like always locking their home and car doors and not letting anyone near the wallet they keep their credit cards and cash in. They are not *yet* used to similar security instincts with digital information or online, but it is inevitable they will have to learn that instinct for any of a million reasons this generation.
Bitcoin is nothing short of a really good motivation to do so sooner rather than later.
@_date: 2014-07-28 08:48:35
I'm curious how/why this should affect a cash-only ATM? As long as you're not swiping a bank card, how is any bank even in the loop?
@_date: 2014-12-30 00:28:27
Through localbitcoins or mycelium? Like, if I was in Kenya and wanted to sell BTC, how would I find a buyer and who would perform the escrow?
@_date: 2014-12-22 13:49:07
R is handled by your Bitcoin software.
OP is offering one not-so-related bit of advice that can help prevent this from being an issue even if you do use poor wallet software, and it is definitely good to avoid address re-use for other reasons, but by far the most important point to keep in mind is to use wallet software that doesn't suck balls. R and K values are not the only way wallets can screw you over after all.
However proper handling of ECDSA signatures is pretty damned easy for wallet software makers so long as they pay attention. The potential R value mistake already has a dead simple solution so well documented [it has it's own RFC]( for example.
@_date: 2014-12-22 13:32:58
Or .. the kind of user who chooses what wallet software (and/or third party proxy) you're going to trust as competent enough to secure your funds?
Bitcoin is offering the world a crash course in personal infosec, which is timely as hell when you consider all the high profile fails in *and out* of bitcoin space these days. Hacked n00dz, Sony's leaked scripts, every week a new merchant gets their customer credit card database pwnt, government spying programs, etc.
Our computers are not secure. Our procedures are not secure. Our lives are quickly moving online, where *they are not going to be secure* until we start collectively shaping the hell up. :P
@_date: 2014-12-15 22:48:14
No, he offered his patch prior to any compensation negotiation and it was accepted. It can't be "black hat" unless he exploited the bug or leaked it to those who would, and it can't be "blackmail" unless he threatened to uncover the target doing something illegal and demanded compensation to keep quiet.
All he *did* do was announce to the public that bitpay will not compensate those who invest their time in securing bitpay's product, and that as a result it would be a poor choice to trust the security of bitpay's product in contrast to their competitors who actually financially incentivize the scrutiny of their security. That information is valuable for the public to know.
@_date: 2014-03-26 21:03:42
So.. No True Scotsman, is it?
I see no reason that any consumer should choose to eat vegan, or fail to sign up for the ESPN cable sports package, or listen to Nickelback, or enjoy Neopolitan ice cream.
Yet strangely, said people continue to exist and have money and demand services and commerce. And, I'll be damned but businesses who willfully turn away these customers lose revenue compared to the ones who prefer money to stereotyping.
Let's do the math. If 1% of people fit any of the points I mentioned off the top of my head before, and you're a merchant selling widgets, then you can either choose to sell to these people (1% greater revenue at no marginal expense and probable greater profit density due to lowered fees) or you can choose to turn your nose up to them (1% lost revenue opportunity with no marginal decrease in expense to justify it).
So, this is incentive for almost any *merchant* to accept Bitcoin. You will notice that I didn't list overwhelming reasons for *your spoiled self* to choose Bitcoin as a payment method. Because frankly, I don't care how you choose to pay. The only point I was addressing is that "I see no reason any consumer should pick Bitcoin over Paypal" rings about as hollow as "let them eat cake".
@_date: 2014-10-20 20:32:22


While a fine question it still fails to dodge the question of audience. Explain it to who? With what either educational or persuasive goal?
In the null sense; somebody who just hasn't heard of it and wants to know how to tell Bitcoin from a hole in the ground, I tell them it is "cash on the internet". From there I could clarify if they feel the itch of any further questions but I've literally met nobody in meatspace who has. *shrug*
@_date: 2014-01-27 04:35:17
That depends on the reason for the hold. When I recently received a $10k check, I know they held $5k for several weeks, so that wouldn't have mattered if I'd have warned them in advance.
@_date: 2014-08-18 00:06:00
[This address]( is different though. :o
@_date: 2014-01-26 18:38:35
Precisely. Fractional Reserve banking at it's finest.
In comparison to both this broken digital banking system and this limited physical paper notes system, Bitcoin allows it's holders the freedom and authority normally only granted by cash, and the instantaneous global reach normally only granted to .. er .. well nothing else really has that reach, does it?
Because perhaps not everybody *does* choose to participate in Bitcoin, yet absolutely any person with modest computing power and meager, even untrusted internet connectivity *can* participate, and then instantly receive $1bil USD worth of bitcoin (~1.21MBTC) from whomsoever should wish to pay them, which they can then respend in full or in part to any other recipients they choose.
The only real detractors to this power are the people who fear that individuals can never be responsible enough to control nontrivial quantities of wealth. Either that Joe Plumber could never use and yet keep secret a string of 32 bytes of digital information — even if that is true, it still allows service providers, middlemen, software and hardware producers to spring up from a level and open-source playing field to offer people security and convenience services which handily out-compete the olde guard — or that our economy would fail without monetary central planning.
@_date: 2014-08-05 01:40:04
But there have always been internationally used hard currencies. Gold never vanished, countries just stopped pegging their economies to it. Citizens have watched gold prices shoot up from &lt;$50/oz in 1970 to highs of $1,600/oz this decade, all the while not too concerned that their paycheck is lucky to increase by 2% per year.
Result, your parents could afford to pay their way through college working a few hours a week at the malt shop, and then pay for a house 2 cars and a family of 5 on a single, moderate wage thereafter. Today you put yourself so far in debt *along with a full time, above minimum job* to get a four year degree that working 40 years at the increased pay that guarantees you on average would still never pay it off.
Or you could skip the college and get turned down as janitor because you lack a masters degree.
Why would that change if Gold were joined by Bitcoin and if SomewhereElseIstan adopted *either* of them as it's national standard? If they couldn't tax their citizens enough to pay for the military everybody else has then they would get leg-sweeped and then forgotten about.
@_date: 2014-12-07 18:04:29


We wonder why they don't trust payment method A that *cannot* harm them when somebody threatens to helpfully live-demonstrate the harmfulness of payment method B?
Look, if you can chargeback at them using Bitcoin then by my guest and if you cannot then you prove our point too.
@_date: 2014-09-23 22:16:01


You have encountered OP's prosaic offering coincident with them committing *one* grammatical error. The flexibility that you advertise is not in evidence, here.
@_date: 2014-01-28 00:28:53
Just to clarify, A&gt; have you read the indictment, and B&gt; after actually reading it do you foresee any probability of Shrem not being convicted?
@_date: 2014-08-09 00:38:01
On the one hand, I completely began to boycott FA some time back after disagreement with site administration, while on the other I'm still friends with many artists there. I never had any luck converting anyone to BTC. Had a handful of people try, all negative reviews though. One artist tried Bitpay and ran into all kinds of drama relating to their $20 minimum to send ACH in the US. Another had no banking infrastructure so she tried VirWoX to convert to SLL on what must have been a poor volume day and wound up losing ~30% to fees and spread combined. All in all it wasn't fun. :o
A friend of mine *pays* for commissions in Bitcoin, has apparently done hundreds of Euro's worth but I forgot who she buys from.
What I can recall is [this group]( exists to help bring the Bitcoin-using folk togethers, though. :3
@_date: 2014-12-22 11:22:14
Are you suggesting that Bitcoin would be no more nor less secure to use 5 bit public addresses instead of 160 bit public addresses? Because so long as the latter is more secure than the former, it sounds like invulnerability to brute-force is quite an important ingredient to crypto security.
Nobody, not even the presenter is suggesting that is the only ingredient in the world, but it is one you need dialed in well and presenter described how it is the case here.
@_date: 2014-11-26 02:19:26


That's the difference between your neighbor punching you and your neighbor's dog biting you. Neither completely absolves the neighbor of wrong-doing, they are responsible for their dogs and their bots (and their  drones, and their self-driving cars! xD)
@_date: 2014-07-25 05:30:46
Ask a teacher how they feel about punishing a child selling bags of baking soda in class to troll the teachers into thinking they are dealing coke.
@_date: 2014-09-03 01:20:09
Not in the public perspective it's not. Even the word "safe" refers to a physical encasement device made popular by bank vaults.
This quotation basically reduces to "Bitcoin is safer than a safe", which is anything but a low bar.
@_date: 2014-12-31 23:15:39


Not to split hairs, but this last point over-reaches. They don't have to fear Bitcoin in order to troll us, they simply view us as easy targets to get a lot of irritation and luls out of. Especially since basically thinks that harassment is sacred and that it should venerated as a form of free speech. Strong moderation would keep them out of the sub at least as effectively as door locks keep thieves out of your auto. :(
@_date: 2014-07-14 20:58:56
Since you seem so fond of relativity, it's fallen several thousand percent compared to Bitcoin.
Relativity sucks because *every* fiat currency has been falling. USD has just fallen slower than others due to larger trade volume and broader global usage adding a modicum of friction to value change. In comparison, the Icelandic Krona is only paid as wage on that tiny island thus is more volatile to change.
In slightly more absolute ([though still a bit skewed in USD's favor]( CPI terms, [$100 today can only purchase as much goods and services as $87 in 2007 dollars](
@_date: 2014-06-19 00:32:43
OTOH I know of hundreds of places which accept Bitcoin donations, dozens that except Subbable, but I've only ever noticed one or two Flattr buttons on the entire internet.
You can't get group discounts on your donating if you aren't donating to more than one or two destinations per month. :/
@_date: 2014-09-06 23:23:05
Protip: on Reddit, try instead of  so that they get a notification when you talk about them. :3
@_date: 2014-08-06 22:17:47
That, or Bitlicence is about to be enacted into NYS law which will de jure outlaw all Bitcoin commerce in the United States.
@_date: 2014-01-28 02:42:21
Your mom's stupid advice, and would have to lose weight just to get un-stuck from the pacific ocean.
Or maybe we should try to be constructive instead of just name-calling. I mean, I'll just follow your lead. ;3
@_date: 2014-01-28 00:17:35


Yep, and that point will be initially judged and prosecuted by law enforcement and finally judged and sentenced or acquitted by a jury, just as virtually all crimes given that a vast majority of measurements in the entire world are messy instead of precise.
The same standard applies when you leave your baby in a carriage barely in your field of vision. The standard can easily be "in case you notice a problem, how quickly could you be expected to intervene to help your child" multiplied by "how likely are you to notice a problem given your level of distraction"? You will be judged by a jury of your peers, ideally other parents from the same community. Do they view your distraction as practical necessity or as recklessly careless?
@_date: 2014-02-08 01:30:41
Right, but how is the US going to enforce that law to somebody doing nothing more than running a webserver in Finland?
@_date: 2014-01-05 16:23:41


You *can* fight them with technological inventions of your own .. this represents an arms race. You know that the US government, particularly the NSA would love to outpace Bitcoin's security and privacy features. Well, if all we do is stand still then they will catch up and overtake one day. They are already picking apart the Tor network..
So we must remain ever-vigilant, and keep our weapons maintained and continuously up to date! :O
@_date: 2014-01-20 19:21:01
All that said is that deflation has a low-traction influence upon spending. That influence is that it encourages saving. Only a Keynesian Plusgooddoublethinker is against the idea of saving a portion of your income as a buffer against future entropy. :P
@_date: 2014-02-03 06:54:03


Hmm, if it's "pay before pump" then how would you fill your tank?
I'm accustomed to "ready to let you leave the lot". :J
@_date: 2014-02-08 01:48:53
All of which illegal activity, allowing people to non-violently trade in outlawed recreational chemicals? Or the "hire a hitman" [puppy kick]( that has yet to be substantiated?
It used to be that drugs *were* the puppy kick. "We found this guy violating some law nobody agrees with, that we're only prosecuting to profit directly from, and .. oh yeah he had several grams of stinkweed on his person". But now that the winds of public opinion are changing about drugs — *especially* a drug market with no gang violence or turf wars like this one — it's important to find something different to discredit the figure from public sympathy.
@_date: 2014-11-22 14:00:29


At a guess, because you are an asshole trollish pedant and nobody *has* to answer you any more than they *have* to answer twelve year olds on Xbox live who challenge the sexual reputation of their mothers.
In any event, [your fallacy is Bandwagon]( The fact that 90% of computer users choose to use operating systems that force them to be vulnerable to metric assloads of known exploits which never have been and never will be fixed does not negate the advice to avoid closed source software, especially from unknown authors.
Of course if you are going to avoid your own OS updates then you should take the initial step of avoiding the OS those updates aim to patch; namely by clearing your drive and installing linux or BSD in it's place.
@_date: 2014-08-05 10:30:35
If miners don't try to mine outside of the cosmographic center of operations (those who do try would get stupidly high orphan rates) then there's not a thing wrong with 10+ minute lag for your transaction to reach the mining swarm and then for proof of confirmations to stream back with the same delay again.
Additionally, whoever wanted to mine outside of the practical swarm would just start mining an alt, and you'd get a lot of trading Bitcoin with it's alts over a long distance. Perhaps Bitcoin on Earth trading with Marscoin?
Somebody might even invent an ultra slow (multi-hour conf) alt suitable for supporting mining cooperation over the entire solar system, and for settling large, slow debts. Alternately somebody might invent a block-fabric system where instead of tying to exactly one previous block you can tie to a dozen recent blocks you wish to endorse, and other tricks to reduce orphan rates in unthinkably high latency environments.
@_date: 2014-06-11 22:28:54
Unless something existed to *limit* the actual incidence of chargeback fraud, such as the ability to deter or capture fraudsters: easy to do when you have to ship them physical goods or they have to stay in your hotel room, impossible to do when they instantly get BTC they can then anonymously vanish with.
Otherwise, the volume of chargeback fraud will grow limitlessly while the volume of legitimate purchases would remain the same.
@_date: 2014-01-28 03:22:13
I would rebutt point 1. How are all citizens "the government"? I'm not even aware of any propaganda that claims any random individual is invested with all the legal powers that the federal government enjoys.
@_date: 2014-09-16 00:05:15
Especially vanity addresses like those that start with "1Bitcoinxyzpdq..."
@_date: 2014-02-04 00:26:23
If we want to play the apples and oranges game, then why not Reddit Tip Bot vs International Wire Transfer?
Or were you really under the impression you had to visit localbitcoins prior to every capuccino you buy at the corner coffee shop? õ_O
@_date: 2014-02-07 20:36:10


That's the trick of domain blindness. If you trust a general-purpose solution, such as "float" to behave the way you want it to, but you've never tortured it enough to see it's edge cases (such as iterated summation or rounding errors), then you will learn the hard way the limits of that general-purpose solution which you took for granted.
Additionally, just because a problem "has been known" and "has had one or more known, popular resolutions" for decades means nothing when you don't come *from* the domain in question where everyone is actually versed in these problems and solutions, and you put too much faith in the "can solve any problem" tools you brought with you from your domain.
**tl;dr** it's not that these people have been living under a rock, they just come from a domain where such problem/solution sets are not part of the public consciousness. Like Americans trying to figure out a Bidet. :P
@_date: 2014-09-04 21:58:37
Well I guess never, if you're going to run away as soon as they show up they'll be more than happy to eat your lunch.
You cannot defeat their economy by intentionally weakening ours out of spite. Just sayin.
@_date: 2014-08-04 23:10:46


They would not only have to stick to impossibly long to remember passwords but [*never re-use them*]( If you participate in PKI on the other hand, re-use is perfectly safe. :3
@_date: 2014-08-29 19:23:45
I agree this is a potential problem — Reddit has the same issue accepting BTC for Reddit Gold but not for Advertisement sales — but it's at least less justified than being country-specific given that sales in another country get satisfied out of that countries warehouse, and demand that BTC get sold into an account in that countries fiat, and I don't think Coinbase supports anything but USD while Bitpay can be a PITA for other currencies.
Personally I recommend BIPS for European merchant solutions where Bitpay may not be doing the trick. :3
@_date: 2014-08-24 10:12:43


Manly men!
@_date: 2014-09-03 01:04:20


That's a lot of words for saying "it is known". I've never heard anything similar (though I agree they may now have incentive to try), google searches on the subject turn up nothing, and ChangeTip is still proudly advertising that they work in Youtube.
@_date: 2014-02-25 07:30:44
Lol, this sounds like somebody's rationalization of stealing from the mentally handicapped.
@_date: 2014-01-23 01:24:59
Bitcoin does nothing to prevent wealth inequality in comparison to fiat currencies which are literally printed into existence by the wealthy at arbitrary rates for their own personal use.
Let's break this down.
Bob has 1 BTC, Alice has 2.
Bob has $1,000usd, Alice has $2,000usd and a money-printing machine.
Which case is going to see wealth inequality grow faster?
@_date: 2014-10-01 19:08:44
There is nothing elite about asking people to gain an operational understanding and a basic respect of any object or process before using it.
If you hand a teenager a laptop and they immediately fling it across the room screaming "[I'm too busy to learn how to press all these letters! &gt;:C]( then they are simply not ready for that responsibility.
An expensive resource like a high-end laptop (or a car or an investment or anything ever) is more productive in the hands of somebody who gives a damn about how to use or treat it.
@_date: 2014-07-06 16:46:04
So we're upgrading from mugging to kidnapping, now?
I do LBC trades in busy, public places specifically so that if a scene is made there are bystanders to help keep affairs grounded.
@_date: 2014-12-12 23:59:42
Beggars can't be choosers. If a ton of people holding Bitcoin would like to share that with you and you get to instantly convert that to fiat if you prefer, with lower overhead (0-1%) than any of your other payment methods to boot (Paypal charges ~3.5%, 8%+ if they're depositing USD and you wanted Euros, etc), how elitist do you have to be to say "I'm not sufficiently interested in money to accept yours"?
@_date: 2014-04-21 09:57:58
Of course, but the salt is part of the password hash.
Think of it this way: the *server*'s job is to accept the password from the user, hash it with the same salt, and compare it with the hash in the table. So that operation *has* to be possible in this topology.
Slow as sin of course (Thank you, key strengthening! xD) but when you're only matching one or a handful of passwords to each account, it's not so bad. :3
@_date: 2014-10-09 07:56:40
Next up: Terrorists breath oxygen, and the state department considers altering all of Earth's entire atmosphere in an attempt to suffocate terrorists.
@_date: 2014-02-04 00:45:37


Sounds infantile to me. "Mooo-ooom, Tommy took my orange juice. Make him give it back!" Of course Moo-oom can't tell whether Tommy or Billy took it because they are twins, but she'll reduce Tommy's orange juice ration nonetheless.
When somebody fraudulently uses your credit card at store X, those funds are not yanked back from the abuser and they are not eaten by insurance: Store X simply has it's account debited along with additional "sux to be you" fees.
@_date: 2014-08-05 09:32:35


Right, a fair hunk of existing bitcoin users may be able to appreciate the difference between a URL and a hex string. But is your average user going to notice when they get 
    010000000125d6681b797691aebba34b9d8e50f769ab1e8807e78405ae50
    5c218cf8e1e9e16d0000006b483045022100a217844f0552097976720397
    62f889ed8039f270e24640b7fe6df7130611fd6c0220219fa6f053099592c1
    3051d9e06a322b0142b48d26693114edef06f2da22cf830121029fa8e8d8e
    3fd61183ab52f98d65500fd028a5d0a899c6bcd4ecaf1eda9eac284ffffffff0
    110270000000000001976a914299567077f41bc20059dc21a1eb1ef5a6a4
    3b9c088ac00000000
instead? (btw, [that is a dead real transaction I yanked from out of the mempool](
*Keep in mind there is no friendly green address bar or padlock icon to help you here*, unless of course client wallet software starts being programmed to make semantic decisions to second guess what you arbitrarily attempt to sign.
Next question: What about when MITM bad actor site A, such as "win big at bitcoisino!" makes you register to use BitID for them, but then tries your bitcoin login address at a *different* service, like Bitstamp, and hands you *bitstamp's* login challenge pretending it is only their's?
Bad actor can tell if the challenge succeeded, and let you log in, but in the backend *they* have logged into your bitstamp account which they can then either empty and/or screw up the settings of to capture future funds.
And in that case, even hardcore bitcoin users might be fooled if the challenge is still an opaque looking bitid.bitcoin.blue address. You might gain some protection by being careful not to use the same signing address at each login service, but that's straying back into the territory of standard password management gotchas.
@_date: 2014-01-05 06:05:46
Good questions.
[This article]( basically clarifies two things.
1&gt; the epoch does still appear to be Jan 1 1970 midnight UTC. My guess is that artificially selecting a later epoch (such as Jan 1 2009 or something) may have traded too much ease of use out for a 39 year pass on the timestamp wrapping issue.
2&gt; 


EG, 2106
I am intensely hoping that Bitcoin Protocol v1 upgrades to something even better in the coming century, but I would call that can kicked far enough down the road that it will be okay. ;3
@_date: 2014-07-26 10:52:37
Well the gist is that the initial user interface interference was the bug, the support reply was the mistake.
But we'll see how it all boils down. :3
@_date: 2014-12-12 13:40:43




Just to clarify, I meant "as a form of payment through third party merchant gateways". In case that's something you feel needs to be sourced, I've got [Dell]( and [M$]( PR links directly from each of their primary websites.
If you and your buttcoin colleague have some alien different meaning for "Accept" than "allow payment by way of", then perhaps you ought to clarify that. In the meantime, both organizations enjoy supremely inexpensive *access* to all of the bitcoin that they might need without any requirement to, as Hamblam put it, "go out and buy" any at all.
@_date: 2014-01-15 16:59:20
I'll do you one better.. when some mysterious japanese pseudoymn discovers that tulips are the *only* objects in the universe you can teleport across continents, and furthermore that they'll only grow in an exponentially decreasing global output distributed among those who pour effort into trying.
Then try to tell me that the interest in obtaining one of these magic objects would be unsustainable, or might be a fad that everyone grows bored with when they're done feeling ironic.
@_date: 2014-03-05 23:31:47


They are vaguely necessary, they do all carry a certain risk, and thanks to Bitcoin's transaction liquidity that risk can be most effectively mitigated by getting money into the exchange, exchanging it, and then withdrawing that money ASAP. I *have* used Mt Gox before myself, but it was always either large amounts over a very narrow window of time or small amounts (toying with the idea of day trading) for longer periods (~100 USD worth for up to three weeks).
Now that said, what percentage of the money lost on this exchange do you expect was people just getting their money in, exchanging to/from fiat, and withdrawing again vs high volume day trading? 
ESPECIALLY since we've been nearly a year since Fiat withdrawals have functioned *at all*?!
When people get their wallets stolen, or their counterparties falter, or anything happens I feel for them. Even if it was a poor decision on their part *cough*pirateat40*hack*, I would prefer that they saw better fortune, of course. My only issue is when those same people try to drum up support for regulation, centralization, and call for safety nets to be strung up along the backs of everyone who come to Bitcoin for an experience that involves a minimum number of counterparties; just because *those* people want to profit from the "bitcoin fad" while exposing themselves to no risk.
@_date: 2014-09-06 22:56:51
No, that doesn't matter because what was being discussed was the 12/24 month performance metrics in particular. 1929 stock market was a fine example of never faltering in the 12/24 range for 5+ years followed by a drop that lasted much longer than 24 months.
Markets can always remain irrational (or at least just turbulent) for longer than you can hold, which is why we echo the refrain "invest only what you can afford to lose".
@_date: 2014-05-03 22:32:12
Yup, and the bitcoin trollzor's answer is "let's use an entirely different currency, *and* move to a different country while we're at it!"
@_date: 2014-01-26 18:10:41
He's right, you have to protect people from their own bad security practices by denying them ownership over their own possessions.
Responsibility is dangerous, and we can't let people just *have* it.
@_date: 2014-01-28 00:21:57
I don't disagree with you in principal but ... company? õ_O
@_date: 2014-04-11 23:03:50
You seem to be getting really emotional about this, all I see is bolding and curse words in your posts.


Please read my post, I already said that the gold futures would be bought or sold at a local broker. The trouble is the ecosystem to transfer the ownership of said futures from the citizen of one country to another (or between two heterogeneous brokers, again depending on the business service model in question) still requires a pan-nationally present counterparty.


No I do not, but they are one of the few who meddle at the Jonny paying Jim ~$100usd level. For example, when I travel to British Columbia I can buy/sell bitcoins at the ATM at that volume without disclosing my identity at all. Yes regulations exist, no they will not apply to the most common person to person remittance patterns in most countries.
@_date: 2014-03-20 18:43:59
eleven .. I'm sorry .. *thousand* coins?
That's not a whale, that's barely even a salmon.
@_date: 2014-09-29 05:50:31
*slow clap*
@_date: 2014-07-26 10:36:18
Settings &gt; Options &gt; Wallet.
To me this looks orders of magnitude less complicated than configuring Windows Live Mail to connect to a server, so I think that anybody who can't handle this level of complexity has no business skimping on $0.06 usd per utterly sovereign transaction and $0.00 on off-chain transactions made using third party services like Coinbase.
Because, let's face it, they would immediately set it to zero and then jam every bitcent they own into some kind of an emergency transaction that "just has to clear right away!!1"
@_date: 2014-12-15 23:38:51
Right, do you see any bug bounty information on Bitpay's page then, that would cover their ordinary products? You know, like most other companies in this industry have? Or, do you know any pen testers who have actually found bugs in mainline Bitpay products and been compensated? If so, then publish that rebuttal to OP and if not then substantiated unpleasant news (Bitpay is not interested in compensating bug finders, and thus should be found less trustworthy in the eyes of the public) is superior to unsubstantiated conjecture about what's "a terrible smear".
@_date: 2014-12-19 01:23:12
Collateral is basically always only a portion of the loan principal. Put up your $3,000usd car as security on a loan? Well you can borrow a lot more than $3,000usd with that. Put simply your lien becomes leverage.
And so what if the risk of default is calculated and factored into the price by way of higher interest rates? That just means that everybody else has to pay for the people who die or default. For every person who has to pay more in interest rates, they have to introduce a commensurate additional value to the system to make up for the value you're skipping out on when you die.
Compare it with a game of musical chairs. If *everybody* produces less than they consume, then there are fewer chairs than people. Now everybody sit down, and whoever doesn't have a chair to sit in doesn't even get to consume as much as they *have* produced: they are bankrupt and impoverished.
So let's put this simply: *there cannot be more sitting than there are chairs* and when when your culture tries to pull that off we wind up whistling and trying to ignore the butts that hit the floor: the unfortunate losers of financial Russian Roulette from whom we unrighteously absconded with productivity that they will never get to consume.
@_date: 2014-07-30 22:26:18


Alternately, nanosecond trades could be sacrificed in a distributed exchange in return for turn-based trading. There is no macroscopic benefit to nanosecond precision, after all. The only things of macroscopic importance are depth, liquidity and ease of deposit and withdrawal.
To me the real challenge of a distributed exchange is who guarantees the fiat tokens? If I have fiat tokens/balance in the system, how can I really guarantee that there exists *anywhere* a reliable way to sell that for fiat again?
@_date: 2014-03-07 10:09:19
Well, then somebody less lazy than I simply needs to root up your real life identity, home address, make of car, location and names of all of your family members etc, and then figure out some infamous figure you could easily be conflated with (perhaps a drug lord or a rapist? I dunno, something spicy!) so that anybody who either hates, wishes to stalk, or even extort the person you get confused with can focus all of their efforts as efficiently as possible onto you.
Basically, magnifying glass meets anthill. You know, sort of like what happened when the Reddit Witchhunt mis-identified the Boston Bombers, and innocent people were caught in the crossfire?
@_date: 2014-07-18 21:57:34


Congratulations for failing to even read the comment you replied to. x3
@_date: 2014-12-13 00:02:52
But remember to take a shower so that we don't have to smell your cyberphunk.
@_date: 2014-11-28 17:06:45
The same way they work out how much cell phone minutes are when they trade prepaid cards as if they were cash.
You're asking how to price the BTC, well how do you price the apple? Perhaps there was an apple catastrophe and the one you are selling off of the stand right now is now worth 10 times as much to people who were aware of the shortage. So, you're losing out.
But that's just life.
In any event, it's easy for one of Coinapult's commands to be an exchange rate inquiry, too. ;3
@_date: 2014-12-13 00:11:19
Yep, as people have mentioned already there is a list of both pros and cons as long as my arm when you consider "my money is currently in USD in my bank, how does *buying* Bitcoin and then paying with that compare to just paying with credit card" so that Bitcoin does not clearly come out in front.
But this is on par with asking in 1990 why you should type a letter into a word processor and then email it, and the receiver has to print it out instead of just mailing or faxing your original, hardcopy letter.
By today, your original letter would not start out in hard copy format because nobody uses typewriters and few people scribble out that much handwritten material, you would have written it on the computer to start with.. and the recipient will not be that hard up to have a hard copy, they will get the most use out of the digital variant of the file. EG: email makes fax and snail mail look like *ridiculously* inefficient ideas.
Fast forward to 2002. Paypal is just starting to pick up steam, and you hit a website that says "pay by CC or pay with Paypal?" If you hit "Pay with paypal" it asks if you have an account, well no. Then it offers to take your CC for you. So you ask "What good is paypal?"
Well, it takes a few more years before your friends start paying *you* for stuff with Paypal (maybe art, freelance work, paying you back for lunch, whatever..) and now you have a paypal balance. *Now* that little "pay through paypal" link is way more handy.
With Bitcoin it is quite similar, though we have even more advantages than paypal for those well prepared enough to handle it. You will get the greatest advantage paying for things with Bitcoin after you have *earned* Bitcoin from other people (or from day trading, if that's your thing) so you already have a balance to tap and get to skip that whole "buy a bunch" step from the beginning. ;3
@_date: 2014-03-08 15:44:50
I kind of just assume that the IMF and the NSA covertly developed bitcoin, and somebody just chose a "japanese sounding name" for the pseudonym that coincided with one of the contractors they once worked with.
For example, whitepaper called for use of secp256k1 years before it was publicly known that the far more popular, NIST-approved secp256r1 actually contained an NSA backdoor in the supposedly random curve constants. Koblitz constants chosen for secp256k1 instead have precisely the entropy one would expect to get the job done; no room for hidden traps.
While it's conceivable that a *very* careful independent developer could have avoided that pitfall, it's much more likely that the people who put that pitfall there would know how to steer around it in a technology they did not wish exposed to it.
Even so, absolutely the very best crypt-analysts both inside and outside the NSA have been glaring at this incredibly public system for years now. So long as it can be demonstrated to work as advertised on the tin, it wouldn't matter if Satan himself developed it. Mal-intent cannot survive this level of transparency.
@_date: 2014-11-16 04:11:23


Because tabloid journalism is now evolving onto the internet. *shrugs*
@_date: 2014-12-08 23:39:36
Yep, the only intersection between Mobile/Andoid and Desktop (non-mac) is GreenAddress, which is another crypto-JS wallet.
@_date: 2014-07-27 17:12:42
Really? What was that I was actually advocating again:


So Godwin's law aside, if Naziism is spreading across Europe should you directly fight back, like I am suggesting, or flee the country but then simply "ignore it" as OP suggests, as though you have no family or bretheren to fret over? Or perhaps just stay and blindly assume you'll never be caught like suggests?
Or else you could concern troll and put words in other people's mouths because reading is hard.
@_date: 2014-07-24 00:33:51
GP did not offer a dichotomy, he endorsed a solution as (in his mind) the only one that was going to be practical.
Do you feel that configuring multi-sig wallets, researching and subscribing to oracles, and vetting the bare metal implementation of these things is more palatable to wean people off of credit cards and savings accounts than Coinbase's Vault feature is?
@_date: 2014-10-01 18:57:23
What do my preferences have to do with [empirically poor market circumstances](
I view the value of a class of private contracts (such as the coercive, monopolistic class we are discussing) in light of the value to society of protecting or upholding those contracts. If society is harmed more for honoring the contract than they would be to interfere, then it is society's duty to interfere.
@_date: 2014-12-30 22:02:53
But they are talking about "replace by *higher* fees". You cannot know precisely how high a fee the scamster is willing to pay, but it's likely to be more than you since failure costs him nothing and success nets him illicit gain while failure loses you the amount of a transaction and success *costs* you at least some percentage of that.
@_date: 2014-10-21 20:05:45


Audience response: ZZZzzz...
Just because a subject is potentially important to a person's safety or autonomy doesn't mean that they have the attention span or inherent interest to wrap their heads around the content. How many laypeople are going to understand Differential Gear theory, [even after you explain it to them in an amazing way like this]( Not many. Most of us love that video because we are analytically minded enough to adore clockwork gear arrangements and the amazing feats that they can accomplish. To most other people, this might as well be telling them that a train leaving Poughkeepsie at 3:15pm is traveling at 45 kph.
But of course they are still going to put their own and their families lives on the line multiple times daily under the assumption that this and a thousand more protocols they've never even *heard* of are functioning properly underneath their hood and in the traffic control systems that surround them.


Consider for a moment what would happen if Ebay bought up Paypal and endorsed it as the primary payment mechanism for their auction business. Do you really think people would blindly hook Paypal into their own bank accounts in such a way that Paypal can debit any money they choose out of said bank accounts at a moment's notice without even a cursory idea of who this "Paypal" is or without first taking pro-active steps to defend their account against unauthorized drafts?
Laypeople almost never care about things like this *until* they get bit, and until then they just blithely assume that somebody else in the chain is in charge and keeping them magically safe.
A car does a thousand things none of us understand (save the very savvy auto experts in the audience) yet we never wait to understand before climbing on board. A bank does a thousand things none of us understand (save the intrabanking experts in the audience) yer we open up accounts and get our entire paychecks deposited there and spend money off of credit and debit cards, hardly ever touching cash anymore without a second thought.
Fortune-willing, Bitcoin will reach this stage but it will *never* reach the stage where more than a few percent of the population has any clean idea about *why* it works so well, just as no more than a few percent understand TCP/IP.
@_date: 2014-11-28 17:28:48
Wear a sandwich board, look for people wearing a sandwich board. Check the bulletin board at the post office. Talk to people with your mouth. Hell, some of these towns even have the yellow pages.
I don't mean to be indelicate, it's just that human's have had a propensity for simple tasks such as "finding one another" dating back millennia before there was ever an Internet.
@_date: 2014-01-28 01:18:45


Guh. I'd prefer they just write a paper where the unobtanium is just "solve every problem forever", because then once you're past the unobtanium there's less serpentine effort to getting what you want.
@_date: 2014-03-03 22:07:37
Sits patiently waiting to hear about some good counterexamples.
@_date: 2014-05-13 07:54:07


I'm not sure I agree on that count, either. It is perfectly rational not to die of starvation just because you ran out of fiat but not out of the need to eat solid food. So it's not really a question of "will he ever let the Bitcoin go", it will always eventually lead to letting that or the mortal coil go and the rational choice is clear. The *real* question is, when that time to tap the keg comes, do you prefer spending Bitcoin directly or going through the pains to convert it into an intermediate form? And I feel that answer is pretty clear.
Besides which, to anybody who believes Bitcoin will rise in value, the cost of converting fiat to Bitcoin to top the balance back off after a purchase is easily offset by encouraging merchants into the ecosystem. Alternately, to those not entirely attached to holding it long term, any they get they'll be glad to spend in the most straightforward manners possible instead of conversion taking some of it's value right off the top.


This distrust of zero conf is disingenuous when you consider that double spending is utterly indistinguishable from counterfeiting and buyer-fraud. Try attaching a monetary value to the labor of the deception for a moment. What does it cost you, as a would-be conman, to fake a bitcoin payment? Especially a fake payment which would fool a gateway such as Coinbase, Bitpay or BIPS which keep an eye out for spend conflicts and nil miner fees? How much value can you get out of that payment which either just gets confirmed or doesn't minutes after you leave?
Compare that with ringing up six months of credit card tab and then calling the company to report that you don't recognize these charges on your bill, somebody must have a copy of your card.. or just feeding xeroxed cash to the merchant? To me, Bitcoin is *a lot* less practical to milk a merchant with, which is great from the perspective that buyer fraud is unavoidable and it can never be zero, but it still sure is nice to lower how much it happens to you.
@_date: 2014-03-25 03:33:08
While that's useful information in some contexts, I don't think it is in ours. If you get a giftcard through either Gyft or Walmart.com, then you simply have a giftcard account number and a barcode.. no plastic card with magstripe on it.
@_date: 2014-11-16 04:10:51
But it is for sale. Sold out perhaps, but that's a diffr'ent complaint. x3
@_date: 2014-09-19 00:45:09


You are missing the point.
When a newbie is cashing out of Bitcoin on LBC, LBC wants you to use their escrow. LBC offers you escrow, tells you how to use the escrow, and warns you not to send bitcoin directly to the other party because then LBC could not protect you in case the other party fails to deliver on their end of the bargain.
But LBC also offers you unmoderated messaging to the other party.
Guess what the other (dishonest) party is going to ask newbie to do with their Bitcoins?
Guess who the newbie is going to listen to? Are they going to deposit bitcoin at the LBC address, or where the bad actor urges the stumped rube to do instead? "No, you don't understand, this way we don't have to pay their fees / It won't be truly anonymous unless you send it here! / Look, it's got to go to this address or my automated system won't register it, okay? / Look, it's a bug with LBC. If you send it there it will get tied up for weeks, so just send it here instead. / You'll get used to it after awhile, everybody does."
Now is that how it'd "supposed" to work? A scam is by definition *never* how it's supposed to work.
@_date: 2014-12-22 13:26:26
Alice says "China is more powerful than Russia because it has larger land area!"
Bob refutes Alice by posting an image not only comparing Russia and China's land area to demonstrate that Russia is larger, but also putting "how much larger" into easily digestible perspective by talking about football fields and such so that Alice will be more easily convinced of this narrow fact.
Vuce comes into the conversation and blast's Bob's infographic — especially the part describing that Russia has more land area than China — as being untrue because China has a stronger economy and a more organized labor force.
Perhaps you are upset because this graphic focuses on "resistance to blind brute force attacks" and may lead morons in a hurry to believe there exists no superior attack channel. Sure, I will even agree this graphic offers a disservice due to that. However this graphic was created to rapidly educate morons in a hurry *who honestly believed blind brute force would be all it takes to hack bitcoin*, and to that end all of the information you decry as false is in fact 100% true: *you cannot count to 2^256*. You just can't, okay? As a result you cannot blind brute force that keyspace either.
You *can* attack Bitcoin, and it's encryption suites, through other means. But that does not make "invulnerable to blind brute force" in particular any less true.
@_date: 2014-12-19 21:12:21


Just out of curiosity, what good would KeePass be were your computer *not* connected to the internet? My local machine only has two or three login passwords I need to memorize prior to being online, the entire point of a password manager is to organize the hundreds of passwords you need for *online services*.
@_date: 2014-03-09 16:43:50
[Reddit Enhancement Suite]( has it. Sexy, sexy stuff, that. ;3
@_date: 2014-07-18 19:31:27


NewEgg and Dell are presently offering more like 10%, and given that buyer fraud hikes prices up almost that much as it is I can see that becoming a lot more common.
Would one instance of vendor fraud really wipe out years of 10% discount? On average it would have to happen to you *10% of the time* for that to qualify. Do you use credit card chargebacks on 10% of your purchases? Or even 3% of them?
@_date: 2014-12-31 22:16:48
Yeah, harassers and [stalkers](don't make a lot of friends regardless of the venue. They're too busy getting their rocks off by irritating whomever they consider to be an easy target.
@_date: 2014-07-27 09:20:39
How is offering yourself up as a perfect scapegoat, BitInstant style, any kind of challenge to the regulations?
@_date: 2014-12-19 03:21:41
I wonder how you would even know, throwaway troll account who was created for the sole purpose of posting this single insult. x3
@_date: 2014-05-21 22:18:36


That may be huge news only for you, given that they've always supported non-conversion (and percentage conversion), but [welcome to today's lucky 10,000]( just the same. :D
@_date: 2014-02-09 04:11:53
The "www" version works: 
@_date: 2014-08-05 10:16:55
Hey, [£1000]( doesn't sound half bad at all. :D
OTOH, I wouldn't want anyone Metsu Shoryukening each other in my pub, either. x3
@_date: 2014-10-08 04:44:45
Are you afraid you cannot sell them for a penny on the dollar or something? I guarantee you can, I and hundreds of thousands of other people would be more than happy to help you unload this terrible burden.
Do you prefer paypal, skrill or bank wire? For real now, let's set this up.
@_date: 2014-03-07 10:33:53
defamation, libel? You know, just off the top of my head.
@_date: 2014-05-22 07:08:58
In other news, $200k is not enough to retire on.
@_date: 2014-01-28 20:37:19
I agree, you don't believe what you believe any less strongly, so I guess we're done here. :3
@_date: 2014-03-20 19:03:17
Right, there are a ton of traditional banks you don't live on the same continent as either.
My bank, I deposit my paycheck and they give me a debit card that can be used on the 5 overlapping payment networks who's logos are listed on the back of my card. 
But you're the one who wants to do business with a bank, so why don't you clarify what business you are looking to do?
@_date: 2014-03-14 19:19:02
Bitcoin has never sold as low as $300 (on any exchange with functioning withdrawal) after selling as high as $900. It's never dropped as low after one bubble as the peak of the previous bubble.
Besides, this isn't a sob story it's an entrepreneur opining about the difference between a currency centrally controlled by a government that premeditatedly abuses that money system to drain wealth from it's populace and another that is not controlled by any single actor. 
They may both include risk and volatility, but so long as the playing field is level those are both variables that businesses can compensate for in order to generate wealth and provide services to the masses.
@_date: 2014-07-26 10:20:51
What is so challenging to remember about a passphrase for chrissakes? Can you remember the lyrics to your favorite song? I'm certain there are a lot more than 12 words in your favorite song lyrics.
Use a tool like Electrum to randomly generate your 12 word seed. Then memorize it. Use the same tactics anyone in school uses to memorize a dozen of any kind of important names. These are nonsense words so imagine a goofy-ass story out of them. Turn them into anagrams, break them up into blocks and use strategies to memorize the blocks. 
My favorite is the story method. Prior to working with Bitcoin, I built passphrases that I forced myself to memorize that were 256 bits (23 words out of my [favorite custom dict]( long. All I do is make up an absurd story with tons of unneeded detail (this Pizza has to Slope down a Runway? Well damn, Pizza had better have some back story and hair color and I should picture the movement that he uses to "slope", and make sure there's a jet and some angry people on the runway waiting for him to get out of the way, etc..)
All I know is that the lynchpin of all infosec is the capacity to retain and maintain the secrecy of at minimum a small nugget of entropy. Currently the best method for a human being to accomplish this unaided is [utilizing mneomonic passphrases]( generated by absolutely random processes, such as a well built RNG on a secure PC or [Diceware]( Either you *can* handle this — be it through skilled memory or alternate physical security tactics like writing your entropy down and storing it in a vault or a bunker or trusting a third party to secure you and remaining vulnerable to them in the process — or you lack security of information on a grander scale, full stop.
@_date: 2014-01-31 02:39:00
You mean compared to their Bitcoin sales prior to implementing Coinbase?
@_date: 2014-07-16 23:41:43
Colored coins cannot trace funds specifically unless every node both acknowledges and reliably divies out the colors. 
For example, if you use colored coins to represent stock transactions then of course you will only trade them using wallet software that carefully make sure that each colored unit gets dispersed to the specific output it's meant to go to.
A lesser wallet would just dump the colors out among the change or mix them into a balance and would neither know nor care what was what, rendering the result just as meaningless as taint measurements.
But tell me what good stigmatizing currency notes an evil person once held does? Unless it reveals a paper trail leading back to the evil doer (who are no more likely to be dumb enough to reveal their identity to a scmoe than they would be dumb enough to just trade instantly on an exchange) it does nothing but invade the privacy of an entire ecosystem and catalyze authoritative abuse (such as extorting companies or else you'll get their funds somehow illegitimately tainted..)
Let's draw a parallel and make it illegal to breathe air molecules once breathed by a criminal. That is a great way to suffocate innocent people, and pretty much completely useless for either disincentivizing or tracking actual crime.
@_date: 2014-03-25 23:52:59


Just checking out their user interface:






So without the advanced option, bitrated is in a conflict of interest where they could steal funds by colluding with the arbitrator (arbitrator could be a shell company for them, for all we know). With the advanced options, you have to input an ECSDA public key, which is not the same as a bitcoin address. 
I am actually interested to test some of this 2-of-3 escrow goodness, so if you happen to know the easiest way Joe Plumber might arrive at a public key for an ECSDA keypair (either glean the public key from a standard bitcoin address in his wallet, or generate a whole new ECDSA keypair in some other tool that helps you manage and secure the keyset) I am all ears so that I might continue to audit the end-user experience of this place? :3
@_date: 2014-01-26 18:11:57


The oppression of the majority starts at creating one-size-fits-all rules limiting all people's capacity to fall in the lines of what "most" people might need.
At the end of the day, this wealth is not really yours if you still have to ask permission from your betters just to access or to use it.
@_date: 2014-08-05 00:34:33
I wouldn't doubt it. If you could also catch their hand in the cookie jar driving the votes up, like SRS often does to stir shit, then we could have their asses carted out of here for vote manip.
In the meantime, I read comments and I call out the bullshit. Dunno what else to do. :P
@_date: 2014-12-04 14:56:55


Unless they were fronting your accounts for you (because how is managing balances in 46 accounts at 46 different banks any easier than setting them up in the first place?) and now you no longer have the keys to any of the kingdoms. Or quite know where any of the kingdoms are.
But I'm not certain it matters what I say here, now that your [ass-brigading bretheren]( have focused their collective coprophilic frustrations upon the thread.
@_date: 2014-12-19 03:28:37


I know it's cold, but turning on the heater is an overreaction. After all, my legs will frostbite all the way through before my heart stops. ;3
@_date: 2014-03-06 20:40:57
I would guess that some information in the leak might lead to potentially identifying individuals, and that the **[arduous work of scanning and redacting PII]( might have missed a few spots.
But.. there's a far cry from undergoing due diligence to protect names unrelated to the cover-ups you're trying to blow to unapologetic, paparazzi colonoscopies *as the primary story*. ಠ_ಠ
@_date: 2014-09-17 23:17:16


I'm saying that maybe credit card companies should use security a little bit newer than magstripe. Chip and pin is utterly ubiquitous everywhere *outside* of the united states, because no other government will sit back and allow credit card companies to fleece both their citizens and their businesses so that *they* can be the ones profiting off of fraud.
Put simply: Merchants can do very little to control fraud and Customers can do next to nothing. The responsibility rests with the Card Company / Payment processor, who *should* eat their lapses in security, yes. They should make it impossible *for* any corrupt merchant or consumer to profit off of fraud either from malice or from laziness..
.. but they aren't going to because our government allows them to encourage and then profit from fraud that nobody else is in a position to mitigate, full stop.
@_date: 2014-07-30 21:41:28
Oil isn't the best example because any energy business that does long term planning knows that is their primary bread and butter. A better example might be the real estate ruined by the oil drilling process, the environment getting polluted, rain forests being burned down for more farmland, etc.
Any resource that enough players can view as "optional" instead of mandatory to their way of life, they can also view as "expendable" instead of a valuable asset to re-invest in. Especially if they are not guaranteed that anybody else will re-invest.
Let's say that resource X has $1bil worth of assets that anybody can pull out. Furthermore, refilling the pool to $1bil worth of mature asset only costs $750mil input and some time to stew.
If you were the only player who had access to this pool, then that's roughly a 25% discount on the resource: put in input, let it stew, get a 4/3 return on investment. You would keep that pool full all of the time.
However once two players have access, player B could choose to take without giving back and see a *100%* discount. If player A is left holding the bag, they would have to input $750mil into a pool they may only get $500mil out of if they are lucky. So if the resource is not *vital* to player A then they will stop re-investing also, emptying the pool that nobody ever refills. If it is vital to A then player B gets a free ride of snacks off of player A's 3/2 expense.
@_date: 2014-04-16 22:16:25
Has anybody vetted [bitbet]( :O
@_date: 2014-12-09 02:41:53


I don't know if I agree. The true cost of trust is not only the expense in building a reputation, but also the losses incurred socially when someone fails to live up to their trust. What was the cost of the 2009 bank bailout, and how could a bunch of mining machines ever compete with expenses like *that*?
@_date: 2014-10-14 08:00:22
I'm sure it would also require them to licence and bond in all applicable states as Money Transmitters, to boot.
@_date: 2014-09-01 09:32:02


What if the donation target uses a well established merchant gateway such as Coinbase or Bitpay? If anybody can both be trusted to secure an account on behalf of a charity in such a way as to prevent gaming of a system it should be that level of industry, yes?
@_date: 2014-09-17 22:18:05
What are some better options, so that those of us in the peanut gallery not getting DDoS'ed today but who might be tomorrow know where to try?
All I've ever heard of before is Cloudfare. :3
Also, does anybody know if the DDoS *protection* market is driving any of the DDoS traffic to drum up their own business? D:
@_date: 2014-02-25 07:43:21


Works great for open source software. Works great for the Stock Market actually, as well. You see, there's not a lot of duplication of effort if one or two big names do the auditing work for you the masses, but the transparency is there so that whoever is especially paranoid gets to doublecheck all of that footwork manually and throw their endorsement into the ring as well.
After all, [given enough eyes, all bugs are shallow](
@_date: 2014-03-05 17:35:58
Regulation? "insurances"?
You walk down the street, somebody mugs you and takes your cash. You walk into a shop, pay in cash, they say the product will be delivered but it never arrives.
Please, by all means tell me how either of those situations are one iota different when it's your USD bank notes or your Bitcoin that has been pilfered?
You call the cops. You file a police report. They catch the bad guy (or not). You take the bad guy to court and either get recompense (or not).
That's no regulation of currency, that's regulation of theft and generic commerce. That's no insurance *at all*.
@_date: 2014-12-20 01:26:23
No, they save money from the bitcoin payment channel (1: lower fees 2: no buyer fraud risk 3: same benefits again paying their supplier, M$) which requires the whole purchase in BTC.
What you could do, if you only have some BTC, is just buy up the remaining BTC you need at Circle or Coinbase and use that to nab the deal. :3
@_date: 2014-11-16 04:23:42
So this is "taste of your own medicine" feminism then?
Give me a call when two wrongs magically start forming rights, I'll just be over here doing my job and waiting for somebody to bitch that a woman didn't get paid for it instead.
@_date: 2014-06-26 00:32:15
The price was $600 a few days ago and today it's $560. Heavy front-line merchant adoption is having precisely the effect I would expect it to have, turning holders into spenders at merchants that hold nothing themselves and thus driving the price down.
Now the price isn't going to go back *up* again unless there's another hype bubble (yes, it would reset the floor like the last ones too due to expectation inertia and a new wave of holders) or more lastingly once this wide network of merchants accepting BTC start to actually use those incoming BTC streams to pay one another and form more closed loops. Then increased value to use BTC internally (faster clearing, internationally, at cheaper transaction fees) leads them to increased discounts for customers to pay in BTC and keep their balances high, and they stop converting nearly as much to fiat and customers gain legitimate financial incentive to convert to BTC themselves to start paying into this network.
Today, merchant saves ~2-3% when you pay with BTC instead of credit card. Tomorrow, merchant saves even more when they directly respend BTC to settle their own dues instead of waiting 3-5 days for that cash flow to hit their bank first. Today BTC represents a small sliver of their revenue so they're incentivized to pass these procedural savings to the consumer to grow that revenue type. As more people buy in to get a cut of these procedural savings then the price begins to gain digits.
@_date: 2014-04-03 01:02:13
Hmm.. no hits on that bitcoin address 17hmBnFUTJyA5hwuBGv4WuChCcFf4qq72p. :(
@_date: 2014-03-26 00:47:46
But the already-existing solutions have to be both sufficiently usable and secure for their adoption to mean anything.. usability and security in the same product being an admirable challenge. That is what I am auditing.
Browser-generated keys are a step in the right direction, however it's not by itself enough to satisfy either the very paranoid, or those working with bigger transaction amounts. EG, the crowd that doesn't like trusting too much (or any?) money in blockchain.info wallets for relying on a similar security method.
Specifically, if bitrated were to become a bad actor (hacked, hostile take-over, etc) then in the same stroke as they could MITM the arbitration firm you choose they could also feed your browser subtly altered code that allows them to know the generated private key on your side. That's them with two keys, and any money you'd feed into the generated address would basically be forfeit.
It is less effort for end-users to use (and potentially audit, or at least compare md5 with published audits) a desktop client not directly affiliated with bitrated that manages ECDSA keys for them than it is to ask the end-user to personally diff and audit the delivered javascript every time they visit the site in order to arrive at the same security profile.
So that's the method I'd most like to audit. Do you know any good third party tools to wrangle said keys?
Do they recommend any? :3
@_date: 2014-08-28 23:12:59
They would not have implemented bitcoin unless their expectations also exceeded their deployment costs.
So no interpretation short of "Bitcoin *profit* has exceeded expectations" is possible.
They get free profit and you whinge about "yeah, but probably not a whole lot of it" just because they didn't offer a number.
But that's okay, I'll be happy to take your share of free profit if you're not going to have any. Don't let the door hit your ass on the way out, now. :3
@_date: 2014-02-11 23:03:28
Can you offer some links to this? Sounds like news to me.
EDIT: Was pointed to [this discussion of the matter on Reddit](
@_date: 2014-07-25 00:12:54


I am arguing with somebody who sees the words "privilege" and "murder" in the same phrase and decides the least of two evils is the murder part.


Just off the top of my head, because toddlers drinking and smoking and operating heavy machinery and spraying bullets into the crowd with an uzi might be counterproductive.
Because every person has different skills and capabilities and needs and strengths and weaknesses. Some of us passed a drivers test, some haven't. Some have passed food handlers training, some haven't. The results of licencing procedures like this help drastically minimize the amount of harm that untrained people are causing to other people, but since harm is even milder than murder it seems fairly certain this doesn't even hit the radar of your priorities. You don't mind being murdered as long as you get to maximize the size of the population of people encouraged to do that to you.


Make up your mind, I was basically convinced that the above quote was the condition which you were *advocating* outside of the context of royalty. At the very least, I would certainly rate "murder" as having a pretty high expense to the victim of it.


Voluntary by definition means that you can elect not to do it. Principle of non-aggression? It might as well be the Principle of listening to coldplay, so long as nothing stops whoever doesn't feel like following that principle from doing however they would please at the expense of other people instead.
Besides, why is it important that law comes at the barrel of a gun if "the freedom to point the barrel of a gun at somebody" is what you are fundamentally arguing in favor of? All you would do is throw out one state and invite whoever is the most violent and efficient at killing and/or cowing their rivals to rise up in it's place as a new and by definition much more brutal state.
You cannot magically make people not be violent, some people will do it just for sport. You cannot magically make people stop feeling coerced and thus doing the bidding of those who threaten violence to them, people are self interested and enjoy continuing to breathe and evade suffering. This in turn just creates basically infinite motive for violence beyond sport: because it guarantees whoever practices it control over others.


I made no such presumption, but you seem to have argued that none would be required.
@_date: 2014-02-18 22:47:00


Why is it arrogant to be more interested in the opening of a service you can actually travel to and patronize than the 15th instance of a service opening up somewhere you'll never have a chance to visit? õ_O
@_date: 2014-02-13 20:59:20
Then where is the protocol specification? The whitepaper does not offer the technical details, neither does it evolve as the actual protocol evolves. 
@_date: 2014-02-28 15:15:59
in a nutshell : people seeking news about bitcoin, and then asking for clarification on terms they don't understand. 
@_date: 2014-12-19 23:33:12
Well it doesn't surprise me any more than non-vegans spending 99.99% of their time not dwelling on the inhumane treatment of the livestock they scarf down, or Americans not dwelling on the horrific things our country has done and apparently continues to do which have at least helped shape our place in the world today.
We stand on the shoulders of giants, some of them ogres. But there is little we can personally do but use what we do have available (wherever it was sourced) and not be the source of new acts of aggression or shortsightedness in our own dealings.
Thus if I run a coffee shop, and I accept Bitcoin and pay one of my employees and one of my suppliers in it, then "darknet markets" really are not that relevant to my participation regardless of arguments like "without darknet PR adoption wouldn't be where it is today". That's just drama unfolding under the otherwise interchangeable waves I sail my boat over.
@_date: 2014-07-25 01:52:17
What if somebody forces you to fulfill your contract (social or not) at gunpoint?
What if somebody forces you to stop pointing guns at people at gunpoint?
I am continually impressed at how solipsistic people are when they think "if violence is used or threatened against me under any circumstances whatsoever, then that is the sum of all possible evil in the world". 
@_date: 2014-02-09 04:17:25


Bitcoin is a replacement for currency. It is the most low level base of this new economy. We do not yet have "banks" to hold our Bitcoin in an insured location. These will come in the future.
@_date: 2014-05-22 19:42:04
Powerball can return $300 million usd for a $2 usd lottery ticket, just off the top of my head that's higher returns.
If the *only* positive aspect you choose to focus on is "look, high returns with no effort!" my job is to remind you that non-negative returns on no effort mandates commensurate risk by mathematical definition (or manipulatively unequal payout..). Put another way, you *cannot* earn $1 usd from Bitcoin speculation that somebody else doesn't lose to the same charnel house.
The only way for this equation to work out is if *you* are generating roughly $1usd of *value* for each successive investor on average to justify your $1usd revenue.
Everybody has basically heard about Bitcoin, what it needs for genuine appreciation today is more unique services, killer apps, and technology like trezor that reduces the dichotomy between security and convenience to the end user. Financial services which help to smooth out the volatility couldn't hurt either.
What could kill it, undermining your investment, would include a breach in the underlying technology or compromise of core developers and miners (which grows more centralized every day), or the rise of a new cryptocurrency which offers a preponderance of the advantages from the previous paragraph with the additional incentive of even *higher* returns because they'd be catching fire from a humbler beginning, and climbing through the pilot holes drilled by Bitcoin.
So invest in Bitcoin if you believe in it, but on average your returns will reflect the value you've pumped directly into the ecosystem: through core development, accessory development, marketing, etc. Nobody can profit without divesting, and every growth cycle will be accompanied by divestment (whether into USD or into goods and services) so that the people who don't hold make short term profit on the backs of those who do (you).
**TL;DR** gains are realized from enriching the ecosystem, gains are not reliably realized from sitting on commodity.
@_date: 2014-02-24 11:12:52
Regardless of what they are working on, if your only method of interacting with the enthusiastic puppy dogs is to hit them with a rolled up newspaper then they will leave.
No one QA volunteer is *ever* going to look back and say "the first blockchain attempt crashed and burned specifically because I was insufficiently masochistic to get humiliated by the same people who would have claimed credit if I stayed every time I filed a crash report".
@_date: 2014-10-25 21:01:30


Right, so is the compound bow used by Olympic archers "broken" if it has to be assembled, waxed, rosinned, otherwise calibrated by an expert and then drawn by an abnormally strong person before it can shoot an arrow? Or do we have to force athletes to compete with the same "my li'l injun cheif" bows that Toys'ᴙ'US sells for Thanksgiving?
It's not my problem that normal people stuff their face with Wheaties or fill the seats at the Olympic auditoriums or even pay most of the taxes for the host nation to build the damn places. They still have no business using adult tools and then expecting to be infantilized while using them.


I guess that depends on the product, doesn't it? Bitcoin does not benefit from the adoption of people who are abstracted from it's use, and of course neither would the users be. If you were Huffy, would you sell bikes on the promise that you don't have to learn to keep your balance or expose yourself to the elements, just strap a Huffy to the top of your car and drive where you want to go? You'll waste more gas than usual and you certainly won't get any more fit that way, but bully you for not having to learn a new thing, right?
The benefits of a bicycle *require* you to learn a different way of interacting with your vehicle than a car does to get any gain from it. You can lose your balance, fall down, and if you hit a tree there's no "crumple zone" to protect you short of what you strap to your own body.
Bitcoin is like that also. Any two people with access to any moderate communications infrastructure can transfer value across the planet to one another without a Nanny-state (or any sort of Nanny at all) second guessing them. The cost of this freedom, as always, is *responsibility*. You can't benefit from lack of a Nanny if you can't take care of yourself to begin with, and that means if you make a mess nobody is going to wipe your bum for you.
You can take a read at Neal Stephenson's opinions on the [Hole Hawg]( if you'd like, but replace the intended machismo of "I can responsibly handle this tool that's too powerful for you" instead with the concerns of a person wishing to use such a tool *only* as a component to build bigger tools. From this view, all of the ergonomic considerations of *any* human being directly operating the tool are misplaced, because this tool will be driven by still more tools. This will be one cog in many larger machines that we create, including payment and remittance networks and user friendly wallet and contract systems, and services offered by *companies* who can both benefit from Bitcoin's potential and live up to it's requirements of personal responsibility. Eventually those will have soft, rubbery side parts for squishy human beings to interact with.
But until then, Bitcoin has a huge warrantee-voiding sign across it. 
@_date: 2014-12-08 23:45:21
It changes with the winds of whatever people upset with the bitcoin community wish to claim. It all boils down to "the upvotes do not agree with me personally therefor y'all need jesus".
@_date: 2014-02-28 15:25:30
This debacle is the fault of MtGox, not *either* of the currencies they held for customers. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 09:32:34


I agree that this would be awesome, and in many other countries with more lax financial regulations it is presently possible.


Yep, totally.


And.. you lost me again. "People should be able to X, so since they can't then they should not be able to Y" is pretty childish from where I sit. You're trying to tell me I shouldn't be able to buy or sell bitcoin *at all* without breaking the law.


Okay, I'll say this once. Here is the reason that you always tumble your coins. Because, Anybody. *Anybody*. That you transact bitcoins with, buy or sell can attempt blockchain analysis on the address you use. That said, tumbling your coins to obfuscate any such attempt is a ton simpler than getting a PO box or trying to obfuscate who you really are when you try to order products through the mail, wearing anti-camera hats when you try to spend Bitcoin at brick and mortar, etc.
Make it irrelevant that entity X and all of their friends know you have used address Y in your transaction with them, or else you're not going to get very far in your attempts at private Bitcoining. :P


Nope, whatever personal offence you feel from me is just that you are apparently trying to demonize all legal use of Bitcoin, and to be fair you did launch the discussion by saying that you don't care if people go to jail just to please you. I can accept if that was said in haste, although you haven't yet clarified as much. Until then it's not that cool. :/


90%+ of exchanges which trade USD *from outside of the united states* do comply with United States laws. While it hasn't happened yet, one could imagine that those that don't may get KimDotcommed, and of course those who can't even be caught are the untrustworthy form of anonymous you rightly vilified in the last post (I'm looking at you, BTC-e :P) Those laws do not pertain to trading non-USD, and as such do not impact the privacy of non-USD traders.
I will grant that it is easier to start a non-USD exchange when that means that you do not have to comply with relatively strict US laws, so there will be more of them. None of this acts as a good measurement of how anonymity-paranoid internationally trading end-users are however, since most exchanges still require ID even for their non-USD currency offerings. Hell, as far as I can tell even BTC-e requires it, at least they did when I peeked at them last year!


Anonymous exchange in the US is already an illegal activity, and given that you don't hew to lawbooks I'm guessing illicit is just in the eye of the beholder to boot. I would also love alternatives to giving the government ammo to abusing financial paper trails in lieu of honest detective work, but the law prescribes zero such alternatives and Robocoin cannot change that. I don't think that your call to ban all legal trade of Bitcoin to USD makes sense either. People want to legally use Bitcoin, people can legally tumble their coins and maintain quite a lot of privacy to boot. I think we should be allowed to do this. :P
And finally, there is no "centralizing Bitcoin" or threatening it's decentral nature just because the US wants to track how *it's* fiat currency gets exchanged for other monetary instruments. Mine coin. Spend coin for goods instead of selling it to USD. Earn coin for labor or sell items for coin. That activity I have a hard time believing even our warped government could ever hope to reign in, and if they even tried it would literally be enough for me to emigrate over.
But until then, let us trade and let new users watch their damned step. Breaking the law is hard work and anybody naive enough to think otherwise doesn't deserve my liberties being curtailed to benefit them.
@_date: 2014-09-30 23:19:46
In the United States, the market has no say in how payment related costs are billed. The credit card oligopoly forces you to include them in your advertised prices or else they cut your contract: end of story.
So the best you can do is represent this as a "discount" for everybody who does *not* incur the costs.
@_date: 2014-11-26 10:53:26
@_date: 2014-07-23 23:37:58
Pepper sprays you in the face.
Damn, yo kinky!
@_date: 2014-12-09 23:56:55
I don't see how concepts like "building trust *with others*" and "the losses incurred *socially* when someone fails to live up to their trust" can relate to whether or not an isolated individual spends a lot of money to secure the remainder of his money.
What I am talking about is the difference between the costs of doing business and the proceeds from doing business which are normally small over short time frames in contrast to the potential of loss of the *principal* upon which said proceeds are earned, which is normally large over short time frames.
@_date: 2014-01-26 19:27:16
Historically yes, but that's a waning reason these days as the younger generation has less experience with theft and a greater appetite for convenience (as seen by the decline in popularity of personal checks). These days the primary reasons are:
1. That's where my wages get deposited to by default
2. I use plastic so much I forgot how paper notes even work
@_date: 2014-07-16 20:59:55


I wasn't aware anybody was against those things? õ_O
@_date: 2014-03-08 15:24:05
Oh, would you stop picturing everybody as phallic for just one moment? ;3
@_date: 2014-01-16 22:34:39
You can't shoot an intruder when you're not home. Home invasions, carjacking, muggings, these things all still happen and it would be delusional, or at least ill-advised to ever say "Yeah, I just don't fear that. That's a 'future-me' problem". But, that's the standard you're trying to set for Bitcoin.


Which software? Today's primary bitcoin desktop clients have never been a vector to allow malware onto a machine, wallet theft is always related to running the wallet on a machine that gets compromised through another vector. Asking whether the bitcoin software is secure on your potentially infected machine is on par with asking whether a leather wallet is secure against an attacker who's just busted through your front door. The leather wallet is not, the Bitcoin wallet at least holds it's own and still makes the attacker's job a lot tougher through wallet.dat encryption. :P
So keep your PC secure. Bitcoin isn't making that job any harder for you aside from simply allowing you to store more high-profile value than your PC has ever directly hosted before. Hiding a diamond in your jewelry box does not make your jewelry box easier to break in to, only more appetizing.
To that end, [Hardware Wallets]( are probably the solution you are looking for; to offer physical security over your digital asset without the added effort of paper wallets, cold storage or the like.
But in the meantime? Seriously? Don't get malware. Stealing your BTC may be marginally easier than perpetrating full-on identity theft, but I guarantee a lot more was stolen through the latter method than the former over the past 12 months, and one primary attack vector is still keylogging malware.
@_date: 2014-07-10 23:03:01


They were notes backed by the promise of an organization that was incapable of complying with federal law in order to remain in operation. One might argue that federal law on this matter is *impossible* for any single organization to abide by, and that this is a huge problem and I would agree with that. But that doesn't prevent Nothaus from having made promises he was ultimately unable to keep.
@_date: 2014-07-23 23:39:07
Make sure post is selected, press "z" on your keyboard.
@_date: 2014-07-01 18:34:21
More than fiat payroll services? I don't know either bitwage's fees nor the common fees for standard payroll services, but hopefully the former is quite competitive.
Alternately, this gives Employers an accounts payable stream for any bitcoin revenues they may be generating, to reduce the amount they have to convert to fiat.
If you're Overstock.com and accepting BTC via Coinbase, then converting that revenue into fiat carries a 1% conversion fee plus a 3-5 day freeze on cashflow while you wait for the ACH to your bank to complete.
If you pay employees (and one day hopefully wholesale suppliers, too) in BTC directly then your cashflow stays liquid and you skip one more conversion fee.
The primary negative factor for holding BTC balances to realize these benefits is of course the currency volatility, but most mature enterprises hold pools of assets besides USD already (if not foreign currencies or PM then physical inventory and real estate) and any non-USD asset on the books is going to be volatile so it's not really that alien of a risk to them.
@_date: 2014-11-26 02:22:44
And Escrow is nice and all, but damn if it isn't difficult to run an escrow that can effectively arbitrate between third parties where the receiver can say they received a wrong item, empty box, broken item, etc etc. :P
@_date: 2014-07-21 03:17:13


YMMV from location to location as people perfect the infrastructure and deal with the headaches of local government regulation and the buyer fraud inherent with local fiat pay-in mechanisms, but in the US you can buy BTC via Coinbase for 1%, when Circle finishes their invite period they are supposed to be *zero* percent *to a credit card*, and  I have literally never seen a localbitcoins location .. uh .. anywhere in the world where you can't get better than a 5% premium.
Most places in Europe, thanks to SEPA being such an easy and reliable buy-in mechanism, also have multiple places where bitcoin costs less than 2%.
This all assumes that you have the fiat to begin with. If you're just receiving Bitcoin from your own ventures then you can spend that directly obviously with no purchase "cost". In fact, it's 2-3%+ less to receive Bitcoin from another person than using Paypal, Skrill or Square.. assuming they even use the same fiat you do (~8% if conversion is involved). For my friends in the art community, this is *kind of* a big deal. :P
Holding Bitcoin does expose you to currency volatility. It might go up, it might go down. Sure it's better for you if it goes up, and you might lose relative to fiat if it goes down.
But historically it's spent a lot more time going up than down (which should continue to be true over the long term unless the core protocol breaks) which means on average the volatility will favor you, combined with the discounts you've got some mild risk of loss and significantly greater probabilities of gain.
But the volatility means nothing to you when you buy with fiat immediately before spending it again, which is always an option too. :3
I agree that we can always use faster, safer, and more convenient buy in / sell out options everywhere in the world. But, this is a fertile field where anybody who feels up to it can fill that roll so I've every confidence that, as it has over the past 5 years, this particular service garden will continue to bloom and become more impressive all the time. For now, it is perfectly viable for most first world people which I think is a fine start.
@_date: 2014-10-21 19:30:33


Laypeople are going to imagine pulling out their carkeys and scratching onto a receipt with those because they lost their pen, at this step.
People have to first learn enough about information theory to appreciate that any knowledge made available to somebody can be infinitely copied, and the ramifications this leads to trying to build a decentralized unique-token system. If they don't know this much then Bitcoin will not sound revolutionary and the problem should have been easily solved by any "magic computer" network in the late 20th century. Once they appreciate that *challenge* then they have to understand enough about much more complex topics *including* public key cryptography and self-organizing proof of work before they will *believe* that bitcoin actually solves the problem instead of being a smoke and mirrors or "mechanical turk"-style scam.
So you really are left with no middle ground between "it's the best because you say so" and the capacity to fit the entire incentivized infosec balancing act in one's head simultaneously to grok how every wigwam pole rests upon every other one so that they all stand tall together.
@_date: 2014-12-19 23:49:27


Why be so hard on yourself? At any rate, my categorization rules do not work that way. I focus on finding people who have a hard time communicating in anything but personal insults. 95% of the ones that I call out are people who are nearly incapable of posting without trying to humiliate others for any defense whatever of bitcoin .. in and turn out to always either be throwaway accounts with no link posts and no comment posts outside of pro bitcoin subs, or more general redditors who spend just as much time masturbating in as they do harassing people here. The former I label "throwaway trolls" and the latter "Buttpicker trolls". 


As I initially mentioned, his first few paragraphs sound like good analysis to me. It surprised me since I already had him tagged, but then he signs off with the same kind of insults and ad hominem that initially earned him the tag. Now are insults and ad hominem correct? Well, let's just say only when they are a dose of one's own medicine and leave it at that.
@_date: 2014-12-19 20:22:30
Because everyone needs to use Email so that I have to stop maintaining this POS fax machine and paying for a land line, you mean.
@_date: 2014-09-25 09:38:00
A&gt; very few countries besides the US Federal government in general and it's 48 out of 50 most financially litigious states in particular give people very much hassle about running money service or transmitting businesses, and most that do (China, Thailand, UAE, Russia) are small potatoes enough to ignore, at least so far as the USD market goes. England? India? South Africa? Canada? Most of Europe? Like they give a damn what money services you offer. :P
However, as recent activity in the Isle of Mann has shown us, even if the government doesn't make you jump through regulatory hoops the Banks might just cancel all of your accounts for doing any business with Bitcoin for no good reason at all, which still makes it very difficult to transmit Fiat to/from people in exchange for their BTC.
@_date: 2014-02-10 06:39:19
Yeah, probably by one of our resident forum trolls. Wouldn't surprise me one bit, can't have a pool without them pissing in it for laughs.
@_date: 2014-04-21 19:54:59
And we're sure he doesn't also employ simple analysis like scanning for other users who have logged in through the same IP block, perhaps hash-checking their passwords first?
Better yet, how do we know that "same password" was even a factor in whatever block bans were done? Perhaps he was just k-lining IPs. Perhaps he just blacklists the password, so that the account gets auto-banned when it tries to log in and offers the blacklisted password. You can't know you're banned until you try to log in, after all.
@_date: 2014-12-03 20:30:18
Right, so setting up bank accounts with 46 different banks and/or through 46 different shell identities (because FDIC is not going to cover more than one account *holder* per bank) is less elbow grease than securing and responsibly using your wallet PC, using a paper wallet, multisig wallet like greenaddress, or simply getting a hardware wallet like Trezor?
And in any event, I did not invent the apparently "unlikely" circumstance of somebody trying to secure 11.4 million USD worth of cash, the person I was arguing with was bitching that you cannot secure 30kBTC as easily as you can use Paypal and that's an equal amount of cash only in a different denomination. All I did was shoot down his entire hypothetical as ridiculous and *still* in Bitcoin's favor.
@_date: 2014-07-27 18:02:46


This depends on whether the fork is a Hard Fork or not. You cannot just "automatically follow the fork with the most mining power" if said mining power disobeys the rules that your nodes are programmed to follow..
@_date: 2014-09-08 23:37:55
@_date: 2014-02-13 21:04:31
False. Transaction malleability allows third parties a probability to fabricate your wallet balance in the bitcoin qt reference client. What good is any accounts system where you cannot trust the balance it displays? 
@_date: 2014-02-02 00:04:03
Meh, "there will be bubbles" doesn't affect the realistic floor, though. Overbuying can't lead to crashes below a growing floor due to unrelated mechanisms.
Whatever segment of the buying public is rational (let's call them, "strong hands") won't collectively allow the value to drop below what they view as a floor (for example, defined by the value they are reliably able to derive from the system) because they will view any such drop as "cheap coins" and compete to obtain them.
Anyone who's a broker, a remitter, a trader who requires exchange buffers, their business *volume* is partly limited by the volume of coins they can keep on hand, and the volume of USD those coins represent. Those hands can never be frightened away by simple swings in popularity. Cheap coins are their opportunity to grow volume and marketshare, expensive coins are their opportunity to reap dividends.
But granted, I am saying these things not to force other people to believe as I believe, only to ensure that my vision is not misapprehended. I welcome all debate and criticism; who knows if I've missed seeing something important? I just don't want to frighten  any readers into thinking I want to bully others into my bullishness. ;3
@_date: 2014-08-04 23:01:07
My favorite bit is when the salt they ask you to sign is actually a transaction to empty your address, and if the address in question *is* empty then they do a little investigative footwork (change-searching the address you paid your membership dues with, for example) and then ask you to sign for an address in your wallet without you noticing it's not the address you initially asked them to use for login. ;3
@_date: 2014-12-08 23:25:09
Roll your own dice, but then you still have to input those values into a software application on a hardware platform that has every opportunity to cancel out all of the entropy you feed it and furnish you with an HD key that *looks* perfectly arbitrary, but may turn out to be only one of 65 thousand possible outputs all of which an attacker could easily compute.
This is why as much as I do love the unquestionable entropy of dicerolls I cannot advise that anybody actually prefer that over /dev/urandom on the machine that's ultimately going to process your entropy anyhow. 
@_date: 2014-10-20 23:18:25
Then what does a layman *need* to understand at all? They will probably invest trust in some third party wallet software such as Coinbase or BCI or Circle, like they do with their bank or Paypal, and like they do when they install FOSS from either a repo or update process or official download site or "computer guru" friend installing it for them.
Source code available does *not* mean that laypeople are going to personally audit the source code, so they're not going to care that you can or even know what source code is.
In that case, what do they *need* to understand about Paypal aside from "can send to friends or to any business that accepts it"? What do they need to understand about FOSS aside from "Nerds prefer it and hiss at M$ products which always seem to mysteriously fail"?
I can try to sell people on TCP/IP and HTTP all day long if I'd like, but at the end of the day they're going to log into Facebook just because that's where their friends are. Now they *are* using both of these protocols, but they certainly neither chose them nor even know they exist, let alone what their relative benefits are.
@_date: 2014-11-22 14:38:23
You're telling me that if Gold supply exploded, that plating monster HDMI cables would still drive $150/oz demand for this material?
Really? :/
@_date: 2014-02-25 07:47:49
Lots of people do lots of things. I take it you're implying that this is an excuse to limit everybody's ability to do things that have any probability of turning out badly for them, because some narrow subset may always wind up choosing poorly?
@_date: 2014-01-27 23:59:34


I'm not clear what you would have preferred though. Shrem not being caught or all humans with the freedom to aid and abet in crime unrealistically deciding not to?
I say that this is good news for Bitcoin, under the assumption the evidence held against Shrem is actually valid. It highlights the freedom you have to perform legal activities in good faith using Bitcoin while also highlighting that LEO still has the capacity to protect the public from lawbreakers.
Hell, even here on reddit it spawns a discussion and an entire thread where people learn that anonymity is in fact *not* tantamount to money laundering, instead that money laundering is when you aid and abet people in obscuring the proceeds that you actually and directly know were criminally obtained. Failing on AML/KYC paperwork is not by itself money laundering, though that is a separate problem for which one might get fined as HBSC was. Shrem is being convicted on greater evidence than that.
This may confuse the black-and-white low IQ crowd, but honestly nobody has the PR power to prevent them getting confused every other Friday to begin with.
@_date: 2014-12-22 13:42:59
I'unno, why get a job and move out from your parents' house when you can just mooch off of them for the rest of your short life? Why start your own business when you can work 9-5 for somebody else? Why buy a home when you can rent and trust your landlords to maintain the place for you? Why run for office when you can just make fun of anybody with political aspiration?
Taking responsibility for some aspect of your life exposes you to risk, and it requires planning and education, and it is less convenient than shoving your problems onto somebody else. But it also puts your ultimate fate into your own control, so that you can prosper by your own hard work and care or suffer the negative ramifications of your mistakes instead of just waiting for whoever you trusted your fate to to screw you over when *they* make mistakes you cannot prevent.
@_date: 2014-09-18 20:03:21




Not a mainstreamer. Also really poorly worded, factually inaccurate in points and vitriolic. 
@_date: 2014-07-20 22:03:15


If one person creates new things while another devotes their entire identity to how stupid other people are, I wonder which one is the real idiot. :J
@_date: 2014-12-09 06:03:18
Who's forgetting about MtGox? The new economic environment gets it's hazing where the masses slowly learn how the trust model works and to stop putting their hands on the hot stove top, and then we build better and better tools until that's no longer a concern. Digital piracy had that evolution from Napster to Gnutella to Bittorrent to DHT, too.
Were you expecting that Bitcoin would become a major currency, and then that depositors would lose 1.5 trillion uninsured dollars in MtGox 2.0 (aka Savings and Loans scandal 3.0)? No. The consumers wise up to the tools and then since there also exist no central planners to place endless martingale bets on the asset supply we see *no* losses commensurate with the 2009 financial crash.
@_date: 2014-12-12 23:48:01
My credit card got frozen for two weeks because I used it to buy Minecraft from Mojang, which VISA described as "A computer store in Sweden". Apparently buying christmas gifts at a Walmart in the USA and then showing up in sweden at some kind of computer store fifteen minutes later looks suspicious so "shut. down. everything."
Now if Mojang simply accepted BTC, not only would there have been no drama but I would have had to fill in about 16 fewer fields ordering the blasted key to start with.
Can it be achieved with a credit card? Can it be achieved with Paypal? I think the point with Bitcoin is demonstrating that it can be achieved *without* either party .. or necessarily any party save the merchant absolutely *having* to be involved.
@_date: 2014-02-04 00:29:43


Right. Who'll know what now?
I just spent 0.01BTC on porn. Just to make it easier for you, I used my bitcointip account so that it's all concentrated onto a single address.
Here's a donation. Now please tell me my fetishes, oh mystic palm reader.
@_date: 2014-02-07 03:08:26
@_date: 2014-08-06 21:26:59


In my understanding it's a risk coping strategy. To whit, if the devaluating currency devaluates slowly and consistently enough then you might have less tomorrow, but you can at least count on *predicting* what you will have tomorrow.
A Volatile savings instrument, even if you can somehow either guarantee or just have faith it will consistently grow in value over *very long* time frames, is still capable of remaining bearish over longer time periods than you are capable of remaining solvent.
For example: anyone who earned or bought Bitcoin in December 2013 has shown a 30-50% loss consistently for nearly a year now. If you choose when to buy in you *might* be able to predict which slopes are the heights of a bubble, but when you gain revenue in bitcoin those timing decisions are made for you by other parties.
@_date: 2014-08-04 22:46:47
And direct access to bitcoin private keys or associated addresses *is not* easy enough for dummies to take it seriously any more than direct access to SATA API calls would be. Most people will run a wallet and let the wallet handle all of the magic "address" bullshit, relying on BIP0070 to do all of the heavy lifting for them, or use an online wallet like Coinbase or Greenaddress or BCI.
@_date: 2014-02-06 01:46:47
True, but same "become the establishment you once hated and fought against" sentiment.
@_date: 2014-09-18 21:15:54
1. Anyone can post an ad with no background check
2. Anyone can create an army of shill accounts who do bogus trades with one another in order to pump all of their reputation scores
3. Meeting other people in person to trade potentially large dollar amounts covertly invites mugging, or very new traders could easily be deceived by experienced con artists. This latter I can tell *you* because I've had at least 5 trades where, even though my ad description clearly instructs never to share your buyers code and my negotiation messages with the buyer clearly instruct never to share your buyers code, the first thing the buyer does upon seeing me and before cash ever changes hands is to blurt buyer codes at me.
4. Two Florida traders who were arrested for advertising on and completing trades via LBC *at all* without money service business licences. (Yes, swat rubbed salt in the wound by claiming to use the money for illegal purposes and still securing the trade. No, that melodrama was not a legally required ingredient, but great for headlines and PR value.)
So at a guess, all of these points lead into this perception of "scam-city". 
@_date: 2014-12-09 03:39:33
What suggestion have I made and what analogy have I drawn? I have done nothing but openly illustrate the inevitable consequence of *your* suggestion of "durr, make everybody wait 12-24 hours for payment to complete before they get to pick up any goods".
@_date: 2014-12-08 23:42:47
*Some* consumers wouldn't be on the hook for a penny.
Plenty would be unable to prove that their info was stolen, or even know they were involved in the initial breach and for quite a lot of customers this influx of personally identifiable information would be enough to allow attackers to commit escalating cases of identity theft.
See? The incumbent world doesn't look too pretty when you remove the rose colored glasses, either. We're just trying to work out an alternate way to secure wealth: one with orthogonal attack surfaces to yours, I might add.
@_date: 2014-07-26 08:53:31
You can try, but I don't see the point since Changetip is not being held to AML/KYC regulations and thus not closely monitoring and fretting over every syllable posted in their notes like Coinbase has to.
@_date: 2014-08-28 23:13:13
That sounds dirty. :o
@_date: 2014-10-23 20:43:30
Right, and as far as I know that is the majority opinion.
So who doesn't want to admit that? That's like saying car people don't want it to leak out that the selling point of an automobile is to go a long distance in a short amount of time in safety and comfort at the driver's discretion.
@_date: 2014-09-17 22:49:13
Apparently they used to ensure other people's banking operations operating in Secondlife^[[1]]( , but SecondLife eventually banned all banking operations on their platform which dried up that market. I used to trade SLL &lt;-&gt; BTC on both The Rock and Virwox back before the banking (and selling SLL through any channel besides Lindex) ban, so it really put a crimp in my ability to sell my SLL incomes for BTC, as well. :/
@_date: 2014-05-21 21:47:23


We could rephrase that to "[Oral contracts]( are legally enforceable in most jurisdictions".
Or, alternately, that a person who publicly goes against their word sabotages their public credibility? People in general are going to do business with individuals who abide by their spoken agreements in preference to those who do not, as the former is much more likely to remain co-operative and the latter is more likely to antagonistically attempt to defraud you so long as they can get away with it.
@_date: 2014-02-25 06:55:53
I'm not attacking anybody, I'm just accurately classifying what you have said. You don't like Robocoin's ATM, and have expressed you do not wish to use them. So be it. But then you go on to say that ATM's cannot be viable unless they personally make you happy, and thus suggest that Robocoin should not operate them for anybody else's benefit either.
Sure that remains just an opinion, but I stand by my opinion that your's happens to be self-important. And now we can add to that my observation that you interpret critical analysis of your opinion as personal attack, possibly as an extension of said self-importance.


It's not my responsibility to show you why they are viable, neither can I force your eyes open. People will either patronize them or not, and if Robocoin generates an honest profit then that's what "viable" means in my book.
As far as your perspective in particular, I do *not* have the opportunity to show you that they will suit your needs because you've already abundantly clarified that they do not. They suit the law's needs which you have clarified are incompatible with yours. That's not a value judgement, as I do happen to agree that anonymous currency exchange ought to be perfectly legal and that government tracking of money ought not.
However I disagree with you that Robocoin or their customers ought to be vilified due to laws none of us have the leverage to change within the timeframe that operating an non-anonymous ATM may still prove profitable or valuable to the public.
So far your statements to that end can be summarized as [they should run the ATM anonymously since there's no way they could conceivably get caught]( and [if they get caught anyway, then it's no skin off my nose that they do hard time for my benefit]( That's when I entered the thread to ask you to step into the same shoes you prescribed for Robocoin, instead of just demanding that others hurl themselves upon their swords for you.
@_date: 2014-06-12 20:17:24
194 bits assumes a perfectly uniform choice of 49 digits, 3 case insensitive letters, and then the decision of where within the 49 to put the three. I chose that characterization in favor of "52 uniform mixed letters and numbers" because there is nothing uniform about choosing 49/52 numbers when they only comprise 10/36 of the available symbol space.
So, as long as there's some artificial force (or data-specific prejudice) keeping the number of letters in the field low, it's going to be very close to 194 bits and exhausting the field I described first (then, perhaps adding a fourth letter, etc..) would be the best approach given the information available to us. See [Kerckhoffs's principle](
@_date: 2014-12-05 09:52:02
subscribers (EG: "butters"): 3,304
Are you .. trying to claim that there are fewer than 3,304 (after accounting for butters who can't spell of course, and sockpuppets. And stale accounts) individuals and businesses who transact bitcoins? LBC alone has personal trade advertisements in over 6,300 *cities*. Coinmap.org lists 5,882 *physical* locations that accept bitcoin, before even starting to list online merchants.
Personally, I pay my rent, get groceries and gas with bitcoins so I don't need thousands of locations to close financial loops. :P
@_date: 2014-07-20 02:43:15
On the one hand, I love how "+/- 16%" is considered not so volatile. On the other hand, that's about how volatile PM is too.. I guess lol x3
@_date: 2014-11-23 12:28:34
Since WU is a monolithic entity, and both parties are depositing and then withdrawing local fiat (probably different local fiat, but still..) then what purpose would Bitcoin serve in this conversion to begin with? Depositor pays WU X local fiat, WU waits for withdrawer to arrive to pay them Y of their local fiat. This is basically already their business model.
Now WU might be threatened by a federation of local traders who work together to time trades to allow remittance from here to there powered by BTC in the middle, but I do not see a way that Bitcoin will make a difference to WU as part of their own toolkit since they are already a monolith and have no need to "pay themselves".
@_date: 2014-02-11 22:52:15
That link doesn't clarify how bitstamp is incompetent, it just discusses the philosophy behind how it's easy for arbitrary humans including Gox to build what they turn out not to fully understand. Bitstamp is never mentioned at all.
Edit: [You probably meant this press release](
@_date: 2014-11-22 13:45:59
Wat about you print them off, maybe page fit multiples per page, then apply the rubber cement / wallpaper paste / watever and then apply wax paper to the back of that?
Take scissors or exacto knife and cut around the edges of each ad, clean cutting tool, repeat, and you have a ton of DIY adhesive stickers read to have the wax backing peeled off and deployed rapidly in the field. :3
@_date: 2014-07-10 22:52:28
Coinbase holds most of deposited coin in cold storage. That means, when there is a sudden spike in withdrawal / payment activity, their hot wallet can run dry. At that point, further withdrawal or payment requests *cannot be honored* until they access their physically secure (read: practically inconvenient) cold wallet to release more funds for liquid use.
@_date: 2014-07-21 03:02:52
That or because you're a ridiculous, irrelevant nonsense troll account. S'okay, I've gotcha tagged now. Thanks!
@_date: 2014-02-24 12:16:07
[Here is ebay]( [here is craigslist]( zero relevant results and lots of noise from unrelated bullshit.
So no, nobody is going to buy your facebook points.
@_date: 2014-01-15 17:21:54
This is less impactful on "having your coins there" and more impactful on trying to rapidly buy and then use a large number of coins via ACH purchase.
@_date: 2014-02-13 21:06:37
So "if you are trying to learn something, then you have no right knowing" basically? 
@_date: 2014-09-18 10:23:35
I think so. The other thing to keep in mind is that advertisers almost exclusively list their prices in a formula such as "bitstamp_usd + 5%", so they are always a premium above the market price (or below if they are advertising to buy).
Thus, the only time you will see advertised prices crossing one another (person A wants to sell at $500 while person B wants to buy at $490) is if one or more of the traders screwed up their formula or just punched in a hard price and then flaked out on keeping the ad up to date. Or sometimes people in very different geographical areas where plain arbitrage can't reach so neither can their fiat payments to one another.
Finally, most advertisers back up their trades with lump-sum access to a central exchange. They sell bitstamp_usd + 5% because 5% represents their commission and when their hot balances run dry they just buy another large chunk on bitstamp at normal rates to resell at 5% commission again.
@_date: 2014-02-07 03:18:10
Remember, it's a lot easier to forgive a hardware wallet producer like this for delays than a mining rig company like BFL, since with the latter you can only mine profitably during a short window that their delay cuts into and thus horrendously guts the consumable value of the product, possibly evaporating it entirely.
@_date: 2014-06-13 15:53:20


Entropy is the measurement of unpredictability. Your description of his selection process could only map to 1 bit of entropy if an attacker had access to 1&gt; the fact that this is the selection method and 2&gt; the material content of both password choices.
Since we only have available to us the bare fact of the content of *this* password, and inferences made from that such as my estimation on character density and your supposition of a pattern in the digits, everything else about the password has to be classified as "unpredictable".
@_date: 2014-11-21 01:39:03
Yes, but my point is that were this a very clever ruse (just view this through the skeptic's lens for a moment: my goal is to put your claim beyond all *possible* doubt) then an attacker could easily create a site with a name beginning in rmhc, and could put all of the correct physical information such as address and map links and logos and images and such onto that site.
By the same token, anybody on reddit can claim that they have had meetings with executive directors or that money you tender directly to them will make it to the correct destination.
So, the missing link is corroborating all of this through an official channel somewhere that an imposter would be strictly *incapable* of doing. Then all rational doubt can be dispensed with. :3
Please forgive me, I do have a strong infosec background so proofing against attack is literally just the fashion in which my mind functions. ;3
@_date: 2014-02-05 23:00:45
Right. You could put the interstitial there, picking up with whatever entropy they've already accidentally generated.
If anything, it keeps the interstitial completely away from those who don't need it? Then "skip" could be "Browse other features" or something.
@_date: 2014-07-27 08:06:37
Fecal matter is contraband, regardless of position relative to a "board" of any description.
Also if your body has any feces-producing orifices those will need to be registered and/or surgically closed up before the cutoff date in order to avoid our exponentially mounting fine schedule and potentially 10-35 years in prison.
@_date: 2014-02-09 04:40:37
So far, [in another part of this thread]( the only sourcing I am getting is an anonymous self.post on hackernews illustrated by two screenshots from the app itself with no further context but the claims in the post.
I'd sooner believe this sub downvotes unsubstantiated rumor than that they downvote unpopular but solid evidence.
@_date: 2014-02-24 12:25:56
Because cash exchange of Bitcoin in the United States without following the regulations is illegal, [and if you get caught you will go to jail]( It's equally possible to exchange cash for crack cocaine of course, again, the trick is in not getting caught. Also, I'm sorry for having to offer that link twice in a row but it's quite clear you ignored it the first time, or else you really just believe that "your experience" is a much better legal guide.


People who want to trade bitcoin without having to use a bank or coordinate schedules with a human can do so and Robocoin earns commissions on the volume. That is the gain, and that pattern is patently impossible in most American states ([including Texas]( without the operators risking prison time (good to meet you Mr. Shrem, I just wish it was under better circumstances..) unless they make customer identities so airtightly certain that a law enforcement sting operation with nothing better to do could not fool the system.
@_date: 2014-04-22 22:14:10
Three spaces *inside* of the period.
Hollow delimiters unite!
@_date: 2014-01-22 23:37:18


No, what he said was that he feels bad for the category of escorts here who are being classified as "budget". You can have 3 superlative categories without the cheapest being a diminutive. thinks that's a bullshit practice for food service ("medium is our smallest size" concept) but that it would be a good fit here.
@_date: 2014-02-09 02:43:56
Well, I guess Bank's artificially assign states to personal and business accounts. So even if you bank with Wells Fargo and travel to Florida, if you started in New York then it's a New York account. Wire does nothing but transfer value from one account to another.
Bitcoin addresses don't have any geographic meaning however. If I launch an eWallet on a service hosted in Zimbabwe, they don't assign a geographic presence to the account. I could conceivably do all of my coining from that account. If you send coin to me, did it go to Zimbabwe? If I live in California but I have my shipments sent to my office in Nevada and all of my spends come from an AOL IP address that geolocates to Georgia.. then which state or nation's laws apply?
@_date: 2014-07-20 02:23:54


For which revenues would have to increase to match, but it would make no sense to saddle the perfectly safe Bitcoin revenue stream with those increases so CC prices would go up until you reach equilibrium.
So you're pushing the fraud risk off onto vendors who still offer lower prices to CC payments, while encouraging end users to adopt Bitcoin to take advantage of your continually lowering prices which easily continue to undercut the CC-only competition.
Yeah, I'm happy to indulge in that self-widening gap. :B
@_date: 2014-01-16 21:12:16
To be fair, Betteridge's law is not meant to claim what the true answer is, just what the author's point is going to be. Author could still just be wrong. :P
@_date: 2014-11-26 04:32:41
Mens rea is only enough to temper murder into manslaughter or vandalism into negligence. There's nothing redeeming about it, especially not after over a decade of history of bots filing DMCA takedowns at Youtube and the like which "conveniently" work to intimidate competition and fair use, benefiting the megacorporations short term prejudices.
But that's the thing. Mens rea can't be *proven*, but circumstances favoring the defense can do a lot to support ulterior motive or "[turning a blind eye](
@_date: 2014-02-07 22:43:23
But the form was filled out stating "I will not use this account to perform X, Y, Z actions" and after the guidance was passed that what he was doing was X, Y, and Z he did not work to bring his operations back into compliance prior to the investigation, many months following.
@_date: 2014-01-31 00:12:59
Who is referring to what? [Original post]( by says "*they* have made an exchange that charges .5%".. "they" being the company robocoin, who made [cointrader.net]( who charges 0.5% but requires you to submit documents.
I've never heard of bitcon.de before, so I can't endorse whether that is a reliable exchange facility or not.
@_date: 2014-02-06 01:06:56
Hmm. I can't find it now, but frontpage yesterday was the same article with the same thumbnail and basically the same title, that had tons of discussions about epaper tags and debates about this vs wifi handheld scanners and such.
@_date: 2014-03-03 17:43:58
[Oh really?](
@_date: 2014-09-30 23:01:28
Please check out [GreenAddress]( They are a 2-of-2 multisig provider with a dead simple ui. Client generates 1 key that is kept on-hand for everyday transactions but never entrusted to the server in unencrypted form, while GreenAddress servers keep second key safe and accessible to you via 2-factor auth. In case GreenAddress' key becomes unavailable for any reason, the funds are time-locked so that when not refreshed at specified intervals they revert to only being protected by your key.
Malware attacking your computer cannot co-opt your funds thanks to 2-factor auth to defeat keyloggers and second key requirement. GreenAddress servers cannot co-opt your funds thanks to your key being required for transactions, and time lock in case the server gets taken offline or rendered uncooperative. Ill fate would have to cooperate taking down both targets at once just to obtain your funds.
@_date: 2014-06-11 23:18:41
Yet no matter how registered I am with Coinbase (name, address, utility bill, drivers licence, test deposits to account, credit card on file, etc etc), and no matter how much business I have done with them through my one bank account over 2 years, once every 5 times or so they cancel my *bank ACH transfer* as "high risk".
Merchant registers name, drivers licence, all kinds of crud with Gateway, then *cough cough* "Customer" (may or may not be a sockpuppet) runs stolen credit cards through them. Merchant receives the BTC, packs up and evades gateway long before real credit card owners notice or complain.
@_date: 2014-12-05 09:39:17
Then why wouldn't they offer credit? Bitcoin doesn't make that impossible, it just makes the interest rates more challenging. :3
@_date: 2014-03-26 01:23:22


Oh, I think it's a great utility to provide and the right application for when your purchase isn't large enough to warrant the extra effort. I'm just curious about the best way to gain basically absolute assurance. ;3
@_date: 2014-04-03 01:14:03
Back doored? I am curious what attack avenue are you concerned about?
It helps that Trezor device has no capacity to initiate communication to the internet, so it can't pro-actively leak a key even if the chip somehow had malware installed by the chip-maker.
Are you concerned about weak RNG (already heavily scrutinized in software and unit tests), or malware on-chip cooperating with prepared malware that has infected a host system? What's the angle that could even be exploited in this scenario?
@_date: 2014-07-21 23:02:47
I would rather it only apply to Bitcoin businesses physically operating in Shangri-La.
@_date: 2014-01-31 00:18:22
Except that Gold's market is already saturated. Every business who may want to buy or sell gold, already does. Also, gold can't reach parts of the world you cannot physically transport it to without a counterparty.
Bitcoin is still in the Early Adopter phase. 99.99% of businesses and individuals who could benefit from Bitcoin if they fully understood it (and/or if they fully understood all the use-cases available; which even the early adopters haven't noodled out all of yet!) are *not* making use of that option, and each one that does enriches the market cap with their investment. Bitcoin can reach all geographic and political parts of the world that already have even a weak, (high latency, low bandwidth) satellite connection to the internet, no physical transport or counterparties required. 
Thus, I see nothing but strong indications that, short of the obstacles above, each of the next coming years is going to see further surges for Bitcoin that Gold and other PM's don't get to share in.
@_date: 2014-12-10 22:39:58
Then yell at Paypal for forcing users to sign up for paypal before they can receive your payment. Yell at your bank for forcing people to have a bank account before they can receive a wire. Your *government* requires PII on both sender and receiver of every MSB transaction, so stop blaming companies just because they are obeying the damned law.
@_date: 2014-09-24 21:30:32
And then they can tell Paypal that their card was stolen and get a chargeback. Boom, instant buyer fraud since nobody can claw back the bitcoin they have already received. ;3
@_date: 2014-07-16 20:48:19


That scarcely matters. If the US Dollar and SomewhereElse Peso are not changing relative to one another, but BTC/USD changes compared to BTC/Peso, then all it takes is any *one* person who likes to arbitrage and has both a US bank account and a Peso bank account linked to the local exchanges to equilibrate these prices.. *and earn money doing it*.
BTC falls against Peso? And either rises against USD or holds steady?
Our trader simply buys up all the cheap BTC at the BTC/Peso exchange, sells the BTC on the BTC/USD exchange, lazily converts this USD back to Peso at the best rates he can find through traditional channels, then pumps those Peso back into the BTC/Peso exchange to lap up more cheap BTC.
Let's give examples with hard numbers.
Today, 1 USD = 559.63 Chilean Peso and 1 BTC = 618 USD.
Let's make up a wonky rate we're trying to repair then, like 300kpeso per Bitcoin. With the above rates, that really should be closer to 345kpeso per BTC, which is the scenario you are describing (BTC falling against peso) and the exact situation that would make all kinds of currency symbols flash through any arbitrager's eyes like some kind of a cartoon slot machine.
So trader has 300kpeso in the BTC/peso exchange (bitcoinschile.cl or similar, I've never traded there before myself). He buys .98 BTC (commission loss). Then he withdraws that and deposits 0.9798 BTC (after miners fees, etc) into Bitstamp and trades for $600 USD (after exchange commission, etc). The worst USD/peso exchange rate I am aware of is Paypal at 8%, so lets say our trader is savy enough to get away with only 5% conversion loss somewhere. That nets him 319kpeso.
Even after all of those losses, he gets to pocket 19kpeso (worth $34usd, he also could have siphoned $34 usd or 0.055btc at either of those steps if he preferred) and put the same 300kpeso into the front of that cycle that he started with. He can do this for as long as the rates are out of balance, and his profitable action helps to drag them back into balance.
So as long as remitters are putting pressure on the markets he gets to profit by relieving that pressure, buying up the excess BTC's and reselling them at a high rate in the US. :)
@_date: 2014-07-26 09:52:43
Why in hell would government pressure somebody so bad to get their bitcoins unless they already *have* so many that they could retire on it? xD
@_date: 2014-01-30 02:01:13
On the plus side, ignorant people showing genuine concern for what the perceive may be a bad loss for you is tons better than ignorant people trying to remain perpetually superior to those who's decisions pay off.
I rate behaviors like care and empathy as even more valuable than knowledge, because at the end of the day no matter how amazing a technology like Bitcoin is humans still have more value and it doesn't take a math degree to make and then cash in on that investment. ;3
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:55:54
That graphic is tres pretty. :3
@_date: 2014-12-18 19:45:38
Well, first of all the state can lean on any large Bitcoin business. Once everyone agrees to trade on a certain illicit network like the Silk Road, then the government can either shut that down or co-opt it (and I guarantee that had they had co-opted it instead of shutting it down they would have profited quite a lot more).
Aside from obfuscation (eg: "hiding behind seven proxies", tor, etc) or seeking out alternate governments who will protect you from the big bads (MegaUpload resisting extradition from NZ, Pirate Bay hopping from country to country, Wikileaks in a secret bunker in Sweden, etc), the only defense against the state pressuring whichever business is largest is preventing consumers from aggregating to any one business so that no one business gets large enough to be worth targeting.
But that strategy also fails because you can no longer leverage economies of scale. Imagine a "Local Bitcoins" style market (though perhaps OpenBazaar style decentralized, at that) which employed checks preventing any one trader from doing too much volume to keep everybody uniformly below the radar. While interesting to think about, the 5%+ exchange fees LBC traders currently require would permeate every transaction and may even get worse as greater and greater security measures have to be taken to keep the targets unsavory to the state.
It would be on par with eliminating water utility companies and forcing people back into the "walk ten miles to a well with buckets balanced on a stick" procedure.
Therefor I think that the best strategies involve two prongs. A&gt; resolving the issues our US government has with infosec. If we cannot alter their laws and their checks and balances to both legally enshrine and practically defend real privacy and wipe out their espionage against their own citizens then hopefully they will fail under their own weight soon, anyway. and B&gt; growing the Bitcoin ecosystem as fast and as hard as we can, so that by the time our relatively slow government tries to focus it's pressure on us we've got some teeth of our own, and the first few big organizations that fail or fall to co-option can be dismissed as the guerrilla capacities of the tech begin to be seamlessly tapped.
Point B requires that we suffer some big, regulated businesses to spring up today and to accelerate things, even though they may later fall (and a lot of their careless customers may suffer) as cannon fodder.
@_date: 2014-01-05 06:24:32
is a professional lulzminer, and he takes his job very seriously (for some reason..)
@_date: 2014-02-23 16:32:42
1&gt; Robocoin does not own bitcoin, and thus has no say in "the direction it's going to take". Whoever cannot tell whether that is the case or not has no business trying to use Bitcoin to begin with, since they would be in no position whatsoever to secure their wallets or to defend themselves from the simplest scams. 
If this were 100 years ago and we were talking about the adoption of automobiles, I would heartily recommend that any person "run away from the industry" if they understand the machine so poorly that they are liable to crash it and get themselves or others killed in the process, and I feel no differently here. 
2&gt; Biometric identification is ABSOLUTELY required by law. Every (legal) financial institution you have ever done business with requires photo ID, and a photograph is a very low tech example of biometrics: one that normally requires human intervention to verify.
Palm vein scan is nothing but a proxy allowing people to enjoy automatic authentication after the initial (slow) photo ID authentication. If you prefer running through the Photo ID gauntlet every single time to avoid the scary palm scanner, then I'd wager that's also possible.
@_date: 2014-09-11 08:37:07
Or they'll move to one of the ten states that protects them from paying what they owe society by way of a surcharge, or they'll steal somebody else's credit card so that they don't have to pay a dime of the fees. I am not following your point.
Bear in mind that debit cards do not charge the merchants any less nor do they do very much to protect them from buyer fraud. If the customer files that their debit card was stolen, bank still claws the funds back from the merchant in a very similar fashion to a credit card, just with different rules and timelines. Thus "lol, don't have to pay fees" fails to represent the costs involved actually going away and instead represents the law forcing one person's costs onto every other to the tune of VISA raking in billions from identity theft disputes.
[Pay heed to what is said by credit card users outside of the US](




@_date: 2014-08-09 06:56:53
Yep, I've seen people do commissions as low as $5. In the case of the lady I was trying to set up with Bitpay, we knew of the minimum so we tried a $20 test commission, but failed to account for the fees leaving the balance under $20: $19.88 or something. So I threw another $1.50 at it and waited a few days, *still* no transfer (I forget why at that point). Had to contact support and they pushed it through finally.
All in all her mild interest pretty much fell apart over the sour experience and that was that. :&lt;
@_date: 2014-02-07 02:46:28
I was disappointed that the linked image offered no advice.
It was like cracking open an empty fortune cookie. *schniffle*
@_date: 2014-10-09 21:38:46
"Regulatory nightmare" to the backbone of the international banking system is like "the headache of re-installing your OS" to Linus Torvalds.
@_date: 2014-07-19 03:26:32
Because it tends toward 10% in the winter and toward 15% in the summer.
@_date: 2014-02-05 22:00:33
Agreed, the millions USD worth of sales via Bitcoin reported by Overstock and Tigerdirect were obviously falsifications by the lizard people.
@_date: 2014-01-15 17:20:11
Just to clarify strategies; if Coinbase had too few btc onhand to withdraw that would prevent you being able to quickly purchase BTC from USD and then transfer those to anywhere outside of coinbase too.
@_date: 2014-02-01 06:05:05
/me shrugs, I did qualify with "I feel", and with "given the sorts of negative events I've listed don't louse it up".
I have a hard time envisioning that if nothing is harming the currency, a greater number of people learning about it and becoming comfortable extracting it's value, that it could somehow find a way to avoid raising in value due to raising demand over stagnant supply.
It's on par with watching a kettle of water with a strong flame beneath it and saying, "If this log of fuel is not removed, and nobody tips over the kettle, then in a few minutes it will begin to boil". It's less a matter of predicting the future and more a matter of enumerating a limited number of potential permutations.
@_date: 2014-07-18 21:51:34


Both businesses and consumers use other electronic, irreversable payment types all of the time such as International Wire Transfer. The only catch is that people will only do this when they either 1&gt; trust the recipient of the money at least as much as you'd trust a bank or payment processor such as paypal, or alternately 2&gt; trust the web of consequence keeping them honest, such as "they won't screw with me,  the consequences of losing my business / bad pr / getting sued would be too difficult for them to bear".
But with Bitcoin you send direct, irreversible control over the amount of a single transaction where with Credit Cards you irreversibly disclose a lion's share of all of the personal information any criminal would require to perpetrate identity theft against you and steal *all* of your money and/or ruin your credit to steal money you haven't even made yet.
Yes, it is important to establish nodes: be they banks, visa, paypal, escrow, and/or vendors trusted on a case by case basis that can be sufficiently trusted by the sender that you can put your payment in their hands and know they will protect your interests as the transaction proceeds. The problem with banks, visa, and paypal is that the entire payment network is limited to the escrow available. If you want Paypal in particular to safeguard your funds, the vendor has to participate in the Paypal payment network, etc.
Bitcoin allows the payment network to decouple from the Escrow. You can use Escrow X with vendor Y even if vendor Y never linked their bank account to Escrow X, the final payout is simply tendered in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-31 04:40:30


I'm not defending the person but I felt the post deserved a better answer than "lol you fail to be euphoric and are therefor a slimy troll". The forecast he offers will be accurate if we cannot start *using* bitcoin, in the real world, to solve real world problems better than other payment systems or currencies are doing.
Bitcoin allows you direct control over your finances. Alright, so how well is that serving those who have been goxed or had their brainwallet cracked or malware on their PC siphon their funds? Even if that's only a vocal minority of actual users or actual funds lost, and even if frankly they should have been more careful (which even most of *them* will admit) it still looks like a huge risk to any future holders compared to the evils of inflation or fractional reserve that we complain about, but few people seem to get bitten by.
Bitcoin is supposed to make retail payments cheaper for the merchant by several percent, but the user takes on at least 1% of that cost just to buy the bitcoin (give or take slippage) and most of the new big box merchants aren't even refunding us what they save yet. Tell a normal person about egifter/gyft's 3% points back and they tell you about their chase mastercard's 5-6% points back.
Until some business somewhere can say "Ha, I put you, competitor, out of business due to my internal use of Bitcoin!" we're not going to see the theoretical / drawing board promise of bitcoin translate into real world (and thus market) value.
@_date: 2014-01-31 05:00:53
There are lots of exchanges that only charge .5%, including cointrader.net, which is not at all a guess in context. "They" didn't make bitcoin.de, nor would it make sense for canadians to trade on a european exchange.
EDIT: Also, check TFA pullquote:


@_date: 2014-08-28 20:17:24
Translation for those who don't like large words: "guesses and pattern matching based on where words sound like they belong is liable to mislead you about what caused what".
@_date: 2014-03-25 23:44:37
Did they receive notice of the chargeback?
Mojang is capable of *ignoring* notices, if the mood strikes them. They are only human after all.
@_date: 2014-03-19 20:32:05


Do you mean "does not allow" as in it's impossible to build said protections and then just pay for them in Bitcoin? Bitcoin is cash which happens to be digital. I am fairly certain you can run an insurance business both accepting payments and offering distributions using it, and just like our country did for 200 years prior to the invention of electronic banking you can account for and pay taxes in cash as well. In fact digital cash is a ton easier than greenbacks.
Or, were you simply stating that the Bitcoin currency didn't cook insurances and US tax witholdings directly into the core protocol?
No, the only structural financial difference between Bitcoin and USD is that the former cannot be counterfeited, and as such a government cannot expand the money supply on demand to bail out fractional reserve banks that would otherwise prove insolvent.. as has quite noisily taken place in a dozen countries including the US over the past ten years.
@_date: 2014-07-20 22:37:23
His 30% example [was here](
What's the cost of buying bitcoins? I link my bank account to Coinbase the same way I do to Paypal, I pay 1% plus a $0.15 bank surcharge. Once Circle is done with their invite walled garden they're advertising just the surcharge.
@_date: 2014-02-13 00:37:12
"a lot" compared to what? You can't own $Xusd worth of bitcoin without first having the wherewithall to earn and then hold onto $Xusd worth of wealth in some form.
"a lot" compared to his other holdings is possible, but "a lot" as in more BTC units than anyone would care to sit down and count is unlikely.
@_date: 2014-07-27 17:24:01
There are literally no two words in order in your post (aside from the bits you quoted from my post) that make sense juxtaposed. õ_O
@_date: 2014-12-09 01:25:50
Sounds great for point of sale systems. I buy merchandise from the NateSamsung store, walk out of the building with my goods, go home and reverse my payment so that my entire shopping spree is free at your expense. x3
@_date: 2014-01-27 23:09:09
To help solidify this idea; of course child endangerment is a crime even if you are neglecting them in favor of something trivial. I think your point is that trivial things ought not be blanketly criminalized just because people could be doing those instead of tending their children.
@_date: 2014-09-16 22:01:26
Nah, Scottland will adopt the Euro just prior to Germany pegging the Euro to Bitcoin, of course. :P
@_date: 2014-11-25 21:12:04
is his truebitcoin. He cannot enjoy any new currencies which do not fit pleasingly within his rectum.
@_date: 2014-02-07 20:41:57
It's regulated by public scrutiny and pressure.
We're just doing our job, ma'am.
@_date: 2014-10-06 08:48:25


As the unit price lowers so does the market cap.
The more companies there are who need to use bitcoin for more real world applications, the larger the market cap needs to grow to accommodate them all. To help to resist volatility by ensuring that every transaction does not upset the price, to keep the miners compensated to secure the ledger since they are explicitly paid in bitcoin to cover costs currently metered in fiat, and to support individual transactions which might otherwise outweigh the market cap.
International banks currently settle their debts in Gold. Tomorrow perhaps they will use the much easier to transport Bitcoin, but that would require a market cap rivaling that of gold.
The exchange rate of bitcoin represents the confidence that the market has in Bitcoin in comparison to fiat currencies such as the USD. It answers the question "Which has more utility to you: 1BTC or 1USD, and by how much?"
So long as the market dictates that [all bitcoin in existence combined]( is worth less to them than the private holdings of some white dude who enjoys golf and brandy, then it cannot offer the *utility* that it could offer if it were instead evaluated as being worth something comparable to any one industry's needs.
@_date: 2014-04-14 21:05:10
From [TFA](


Now I don't know anything about Ubuntu PPA's, but this phrase suggests to me that PPA does not statically link OpenSSL but instead links to the one already available on your system. If that interpretation is correct, then the PPA would not require an update, just your system environment (eg, update OpenSSL package)
Can you confirm that this lay-person's interpretation is correct? :o
@_date: 2014-12-24 14:31:28
Or drop all the way to 1e-6 and call them "ver"s. :D
@_date: 2014-02-23 16:09:42
I'm going to guess he misspoke a bit when he said "There are no searchable databases of palm vein scans" and probably meant to say "There's no known way to *abuse* knowledge of a person's vein pattern".
@_date: 2014-08-16 12:42:19
Gets more useful to the retail customer, yes: because the retail vendor dumps every satoshi they get right away.
Gets more useful to the wholesale vendor, whoever wasn't strapped in tight as fuq at that exact moment gets flung into unpredictable heliocentric trajectories.
@_date: 2014-12-07 01:22:47
They are just people who don't care about any long term persuits whatever, and simply feel gratified to know how to poke other people in just the right ways to force emotion out of *them*. EG, they are trolls and "lul minerz".
@_date: 2014-12-17 21:30:09
No, the reason that monetary transaction can sour interpersonal relationships in the real world is because those relationships are sticky. The person trying to force money into your palm will see you tomorrow and the day after, and money forced into your palm today sets the stage for pressuring you to perform in some impersonal fashion tomorrow.
But in most social media contexts — even on facebook but especially on twitter, youtube and reddit — the interactions are not so sticky. 99% of the people that you interact with are one-offs, and they do not expect to see you tomorrow or worry about maintaining a kinship relationship with you. You are just "part of the internet" and if part of the internet starts raining money on them, then that is virtually always a welcome event that leads them to wonder what they've done right and how to replicate that success.
@_date: 2014-12-18 01:26:42


Yep, I agree with this phenomena. My primary concern in the debate is just the placement of blame. ;3
@_date: 2014-12-21 08:13:34
Alright, let me get this straight. Inane, insane, kooky, thinks highly of himself. OK, while I can appreciate that qualities like these might come off as irritating I don't see how it rises to the level of disingenuous trolling (posting insults, red herrings and emotional baiting in a context where discussion or goodwill are expected).
I *have* witnessed him posting knee-jerk nastiness in threads where he was already being baited, but those are areas where you've left behind any expectation of goodwill and he got just as much downvoting as his antagonists once drug down to their level.
So AP does not concern me. I perceive no primary goal to hurt other people in order to make himself feel better, though he does both fight back and try to warn others when he gets harassed.
And besides, what he does in *other* subreddits isn't precisely my bailiwick. If he breaks their rules, their mods should deal with him. Our sub is cursed by Theymos deciding there should be zero behavioral oversight, so we have to judge using our own tools and keep one another informed.
@_date: 2014-12-14 09:23:40
And during that time it's purchasing power has deflated. I believe that GP is a long bull, and means to indicate that the present year of history will appear as an abberation. :J
@_date: 2014-01-23 01:21:04


[Citation needed]
@_date: 2014-01-16 23:04:14
I'm .. yeah I'm still quite confused what you mean.
What *I* am saying, is that remittance *can* be a killer app for bitcoin because relative amateurs, like localbitcoin traders, can offer *fiat* remittance services to locals in their area just by coordinating with similar traders at the remote destination.
In that case, it only takes a minimum of 1 self-interested bitcoin trader per geographic area to offer the service of coordinating remittance trades with whatever remote trader serves the required target area. Say Alice in New York approaches Bob with $1,000 USD. Wants to send that money to Diego in Mexico City. Bob uses a service like LBC to locate Carlos who trades BTC in Mexico City. Alice gives Bob USD, Bob gives Carlos BTC, Carlos gives Diego pesos. Transaction complete with no one entity owning offices in two different geographical locations, and with no end user having to even have the foggiest clue what is a bitcoin.
What you were saying sounded like "remittance cannot be a killer app for Bitcoin" because "the only reason Bitcoin can do that job better than WU is because WU has some trivial sorts of organizational problem to work out". My point was that either having to own offices in 170 countries, and/or having to trust the remote office are  in no way trivial, even if they can be described as organizational. :3
@_date: 2014-09-11 19:31:33
Yeah, they were right. You cannot reason with the troll who finds the most obtuse and incorrect method to change the framing of every point in every post. I say "does not protect from buyer fraud" and you reply "of course they protect buyers from fraud". I offer two different links illustrating what a *tiny, tiny corner* of costs associated with running credit *or debit* cards are covered by the new rules allowing no more than 3% surcharge, not covering debit cards (which cost merchants 90% as much as credit cards do to accept), and only in 4/5 of states and then you claim there is no cost if there is no surcharge.
I list costs to the merchant and you say "boo hoo, the merchant's not the consumer" as if this is all coming out of the merchant's retirement fund or child's college fund. You seem to lack the common sense that every dime the merchant is gauged by credit card processors is re-billed to the consumer, in some form or another, given that *the merchant has no other revenue source* and they're certainly not sacrificing themselves for your happy ass. When they pay 10% more to accept credit cards, all the prices go up 10% and competitors who do not have to put up with these fees such as [bitcoinstore]( have room to enter the market at 1000x less volume and still undercut your prices.
Perhaps the equation is too complex for you, but how does it benefit the consumer to do business at an honest dry cleaners instead of one that's in the pocket of the mafia and charges $0.50 less per load? How does it benefit the consumer to purchase a shirt made in the USA or Canada instead of one $0.50 cheaper made in Honduras by an army of exploited seven year olds?
As I have mentioned before if you're only concern is the cheapest price available without giving a damn who is paying the real cost, then you would be best suited to shop with *stolen* credit cards. I am not being hyperbolic, the system is honestly designed to accommodate those players and VISA makes up to 200% as much off of every fraudulent transaction as they do off of any legitimate one.
@_date: 2014-04-15 22:42:21
I had this problem back at 0.9.0 to begin with. The easiest way for me to get it running on newest glibc was just to upgrade to Jessie (testing), but be warned that  on irc will chastise you if you ever ask them for security support on anything newer than stable.
Also, make sure your openssl and libssl packages are at least 1.0.1g-1 for Jessie so that they are past heartbleed as well. :3
NOTE: my debian vps running bitcoin doesn't *do* anything else, so I'm not complicating my life much by bringing that whole platform into testing. If you're doing this on your production rig with websites and active servers and medical equipment or something, ... just don't run bitcoind on the same machine as all that to start with. ;D
NOTE2: Xenserver 6.2 won't support Debian Jessie hosts yet, 6.2.5 will once it's out though.
@_date: 2014-04-03 01:15:04
So'z low effort troll-posts, brah.
@_date: 2014-03-14 22:19:17
Really? On [this graph]( I can see btc-e's price getting as low as perhaps $430 on Feb 25. 
What event or timescale are you looking at? I don't really track BTC-e myself.
@_date: 2014-09-01 21:35:57
If not Khan Academy, then [I'll bet it was this one]( :3
@_date: 2014-02-12 23:42:46


No, you might as well be asking "are we expected to be surgeons to live a healthy life as a human adult". OP is not gathering information to perform surgery, he is gathering information about potential gotchas for people trying to participate in the Bitcoin network.
@_date: 2014-08-18 13:50:50
Verification of what?
It took my bank 3 *weeks* to "verify" (EG, allow me to spend or withdraw) the last time I received a 4 digit funds transfer.
Pay by Paypal or Credit Card, and it takes *months* for the funds to verify (EG, rate as safe for the recipient from chargeback or buyer fraud). Any time during that period the sender of funds can whinge to the bank about identity theft and you get your funds clawed back plus a nuisance fee.
You can respend the BTC you receive the instant you see funds in the mempool, you are safe from all but the most expensive chargeback attacks after 1 confirmation (~10 minutes) and safe from all known chargeback attacks after 6 (~60 minutes). Aside from altchains, walled gardens or physical trade I am not aware of any other financial network with either faster or more financially significant "verifications".
@_date: 2014-09-03 05:06:38
You didn't answer my question. If her bank details and nudes had both been released then what would make it okay for people to view or "utilize" one set of information meant to remain discreet but not the other?
@_date: 2014-02-14 06:24:11
Here, let me make it simple for you then. If OP had asked basically this question in Dec 2013 how many people would have pointed him to the Transaction Malleability page on the wiki? That *is* a bite-sized example of a flaw that most wallet implementations share, even the reference client. Instead, even then I'm sure everyone would have just RTFM'ed because they weren't aware of that specific gotcha either.
If we can't point to the wiki page when the question "what potholes should I be aware of" comes up, then how do we have the right to tell MtGox they should have known on the strength of "This wiki page has been sitting here for two years"?
We are trying to clarify whether or not the people who are blindly defending the protocol are doing so *tautologically*. As in, "The protocol *can* have no flaws, therefor any flaw you point out proves nothing but your own frailty as a person".
At present it looks like the protocol is a mine-field (given Gavin's comment that today's upheaval isn't even in his top ten list of worries), and instead of banding together to help locate the mines everyone is pretending there aren't any and anyone who asks for assistance working out the dangers is told "is the ground too hard for you to understand the nature of, man? Here's a magnifying glass, now start inspecting one grain of sand at  time like a real man".
@_date: 2014-01-23 00:17:10
I .. don't understand. You disapprove of coordinated protests designed to prevent network abuse? Or, you disapprove of any individual choosing not to optimize to their own personal profit?
@_date: 2014-07-28 08:45:22


Right, and the Dutch bought Manhatten Island from the aboriginal North Americans for a bunch of jewels. But what is buying something? It is exchanging wealth as part of a mutually agreed upon contract. With no courts how will said contract be either enforced or arbitrated when the parties can no longer agree on each other's obligations?
Violence. Violence is the ultimate court, when two or more parties can agree on no higher authority then whoever can most successfully subdue the other(s) get to dictate the terms.
It doesn't matter if you believe in democracy, anarchy, anarcho-capitalism, communism, satanism. Your beliefs literally mean nothing beside the empirically easy to demonstrate fact that "might makes right  .. at least until agreement and organization can achieve still greater might collectively".
Today, that Israeli nation pays the price for the rule of law it seeks to exercise with constant vigilance against dozens of other states who literally view the Israeli nation as "having no right to exist". Not in Tel Aviv, not anywhere. Assuming their armies find sufficient right to march in, *they are under no obligation to honor the Israel contract with the Bedouins*, nor is there any indication they would brook their enemy such an arbitrary boon.


I don't see how, given that the aforementioned might between these two parties is so asymmetrical. Military hardware aside, the government is organized and prepared to wield its might while the people are disorganized and shiftless. When/if they rise up their first challenge is to stop fighting among themselves in order to better apply pressure against government to enact the changes they desire. Then their next step is to avoid falling into the trap of the majority of coups and wind up leaving the system more corrupt or vulnerable to corruption than it began.


In what way would a student government wield might over the remainder of the student body? How about we compare them with the staff of the school and the school board. *They* actually wield military might. They have a cop on campus, they can call in for more if students begin attempting to either violently or obstructively (sit ins, physically blocking access, etc) alter school procedures or curriculum.
Of course even *they* cannot easily "do anything they want to students", which is just as creepy as it implies, *because the land is owned by the military that enforces its laws and defends against outside influence*. This government and military enforces laws which include protecting all human beings from inappropriate sexual advance, from chattel slavery, etc. *That* is the ultimate will done upon this property.
State sublets property, adds their rules. City and county sublet and add theirs. School board by so called ownership deed over building and property sublet and add theirs. Staff by way of direct, physical stewardship sublet and add theirs.
So called "Student Government" can only be granted a further sublet from there, to make whatever decisions are left for them that do not conflict with the fundamental decisions handed down from higher in the chain.


Your brand of "Freedom" can be about anything you'd like it to be, sweety. But until you mobilize a military prepared to defend the physical land you claim from outside intervention and to enforce law and prevent interference from it within your borders, then you're not going to have this "freedom" that you desire. This is primarily because the world contains a multitude of militaries and I guarantee that whatever land you seek to work your magic on will be contested by others *who zealously believe they could better utilize that resource*. In the name of God, the name of Progress, of their superiority over you (such as scarcely believing that you would try to run a portion of the world without a military presence. lol!)


[Here is a very incomplete list of *several thousand* female heads of state]( covering pretty much all of written history. 


So, just to be clear, billions of people (including you, ya hippocrit!) are currently committing heinous crimes in your view against the backdrop of a supposedly superior governmental paradigm that is .. to be gentle .. "In the works".
While you're at it, perhaps we can accuse every doctor who has ever lost a patient of murder just because thousand of years from now somebody will have invented an infallible treatment for whatever ailed the patient? Would this lead to the superior outcome that every ill person is sent home because if they cannot have demonstrably unavailable perfect care it is better for them *all* to suffer and die to suit some redditer's perverse sense of honor?
@_date: 2014-12-11 02:54:42


Right, so use Coinapult or something else then. But a large percentage of the demand for invoicing service also want to convert to and from fiat which is illegal unless you are an MSB. So, coinbase is not in the wrong to provide a service that people want, especially if they are not bothered by the PII requirement which they've already been trained to be accustomed to by Paypal and by absolutely everybody else that deals in moving fiat.
I am not arguing that OP should not share what he has experienced, by all means he should. I will however argue that titles like "Coinbase is greedily blocking bitcoin freedom" are sensationalist clickbait bullshit. They are offering a service and the service has a requirement and even after learning this requirement the hard way nothing would prevent you taking your money back and going elsewhere.. **so nothing is blocked for anybody**.
Additionally, you are wrong about "the whole fucking point of bitcoin as a decentralized payment network". The point of the network is to provide a platform that anybody can build on and innovate with minimal friction and restriction. If they want to build systems to exchange with fiat, then out of band concerns will force them into strict MSB compliance. If they want to build services that dodge MSB compliance (whether legal or illegal in the larger scheme and thus dangerous to use or not) then they can do that too **and the former cannot stop them**. But by the same token, the former represent no danger, either.
Complaining that Coinbase "should not offer a service", now that is a draconian call to block the freedoms of others and *that* I will oppose.
@_date: 2014-02-25 07:35:16
Bitcoin exists because of the 2008 housing bubble and credit fiasco where American Taxpayers had to bail out "entities like gox" for over a trillion dollars.
Regulation did jack to prevent those bozos from screwing up. You cannot legislate away either crime or incompetence, but you can legislate away innovation. So, let's not.
@_date: 2014-02-23 15:34:09
Alright, let's assume Robocoin gets their database copied by the NSA through any means at all. (legal threat, hack, eavesdropping, whatever)
Now what can the NSA do with it?
When your face is in a database, people can tell you are walking past any camera they have access to.
When your fingerprints or palmprints are in a database, they can tell who in the database has touched physical objects because you leave prints behind.
Vein patterns cannot be seen from a distance, are not left after you touch things. They can only be read again and compared when you explicitly hold your hand against a scanner again.
@_date: 2014-12-01 23:56:56
If transactions averaged $350 then they would get $3.50 per txn, which is on par with the highest flat fee bank ATM's ever charge. So why would that be so terrible?
@_date: 2014-12-20 09:25:57
1\. Read what I said again:


2\. OP never asked about "bitcoin core" he asked about "core bitcoin network". and added the proviso "I define "hacked" primarily as money being stolen from someone who had complete private control of their personal keys." that I was replying to. BCI's software generated weak keys *on the client's computer, that the client controlled* and due to the keys being weak and insufficiently unique their funds got stolen which perfectly fits OPs description.
But, *as I said* that was a failure of an implementation and not really a failure in the protocol.
@_date: 2014-09-17 21:44:00
Page 41 onward is Section 3: **Card-Absent Transactions**. You might as well be telling me to hold the brochure upsidedown and try reading it that way.
@_date: 2015-05-19 01:34:56
Is that why you do it?
^(brought to you by Carl's Jr.)
@_date: 2014-08-06 21:18:03
Sorry, I think you just typed a bunch of random words. Maybe you should either go get a dictionary or actually defend your position instead of relying on thought terminating cliches.
@_date: 2014-02-03 00:18:18
[I want the one with the bigger GB's](
@_date: 2014-01-22 23:32:30
If the pool doesn't have fees, then they aren't making any money to start with and they have no bottom line to hit.. save perhaps their reputation.
If the miners lose money due to BigPoolCo underpaying them from your block shenanigans, then yeah they have obvious incentive to follow you in abandoning the pool. But in no cases does this make PPLNSG "immune" from the attack, it only prevents pool operators from operating at a deficit.
@_date: 2014-01-22 21:44:52
How is that any better than just saying the answer and being on your way? It's still a message to the user.
@_date: 2014-07-25 01:21:21
Email providers and ISPs are covered by safe harbor laws, so they *cannot* be held directly liable for pre-emptively policing what illegal activity might flow through their pipes. Furthermore, NSA notwithstanding, Google would wind up in hot water if they went with any pre-emptive vigilante investigations of this nature.
Coinbase (and it's entire industry) is nowhere near the same beast, however. They *are* legally required to police all information related to any money that they move on behalf of another party: period. If another party is doing something illegal, and they have *any suspicion whatsoever* their ass is on the line if they do not instantly react and report.
You just suggested to them in clear text that you were financing illegal activities, they're hands are quite literally tied unless they want to be charged for *precisely* what Charlie Shrem is being charged with.
@_date: 2014-01-01 02:16:19
Yes, those are the components article mentioned taking away in an effort to evaluate the currency.
"If you ignore that it has any benefits, then it doesn't have any benefits". It's like asking everyone to be ashamed that they are nude under their clothes.
@_date: 2014-10-23 18:29:37
How is that different? Coinbase starts an ACH, bank holds the funds on customer side, then tells Coinbase either "We can't give you these funds because it looks too much like fraud. We're sending them back to the initial institution now, have a nice life" or even better still "Well, here's the money but I don't know anybody that would touch it with a ten foot pole. You've got maybe 24 hours to send it right back where it came from or there's a 99% chance the real account owner is going to sue you into the Precambrian era."
@_date: 2014-07-10 22:47:09
What's insecure about sending a signed payment authorization? The only thing a middle-node could do is either not pass it along (and bluetooth interference is just as good at that) or *maybe* try to screw with the transaction hash (which everyone has learned from and hardened against since MtGox finally fell).
@_date: 2014-04-04 23:16:38


I guess it's up to the operator, but [this post]( by a robocoin tech clarifies that the machine *is* designed to be able to buy or sell up to $10kusd per person per day.
These security measures are most likely in force in order to support that potential, and removing the security measures may not by an option unless they limited themselves to the same paltry global volume limitations that most shops are going to have selling $500 visa cards.. namely, having a dozen on hand at the same time which translates to ATM being limited to $6usd total transaction volume per stocking period (which is, what, every week or every two weeks?)
@_date: 2014-01-26 20:18:35
I can appreciate that, however the way it was said can certainly be read as a policy endorsement on par with "640kb ought to be enough for anybody". ;3
I think a lot of (other) people don't realize how "good enough for the average person" is not particularly helpful policy for setting *limits*. :/
@_date: 2014-11-22 14:02:03
I guess this means that Linux is the privileged race or something, and that OS is hereditary and not a choice? xD
@_date: 2014-06-11 23:23:25
The rate is "as often as you allow it to happen".
Can you purchase BTC with a credit card today? No, not really. VirWoX has a thing, but you're really purchasing SLL and then converting that to fiat and paying 12% at $50 or 40-50% at $500. Fraudsters have probably simply never *discovered* them, yet because they're so small.  has single merchants who will do it, but you have to build up reputation with them first and scams happen all of the time but the amounts are so small and unrepeatable that it's not worth any criminal effort.
If somebody uses the internet to purchase BTC from you with a stolen credit card, who are you going to prosecute? Are you going to take the RIAA route and start filing John Doe suits against IP addresses? Or are you going to bring the person who's card (and identity) were stolen to court?
@_date: 2014-01-05 15:42:50
1&gt; how did you get the dollars? Normally you don't have to describe how to *earn* money simply to justify the convenience of a *payment* network.
2&gt; Sign up for Coinbase.com. The actual signup process is no more challenging than Paypal. They front you up to 1BTC instant buy per day until your 30 day verification step is complete. Hell, this even works if you want to pay in bitcoin but have it taken out of your Bank account as USD via ACH and avoid 100% of currency volatility risk. Coinbase's smartphone app lets you buy the bitcoin via ACH and spend it in a QR code transaction all in one step!
3&gt; Of course Coinbase is US only. Anywhere else in the world, I'd look at the local offerings or failing that check localbitcoins.com for their inexpensive escrow online transaction listings. Usually, you just deposit cash into somebody else's account and save the receipt, LBC sends you Bitcoins. Done and dusted.
4&gt; But this is all well polished convenience over the same method anybody anywhere uses to convert one type of money to another or earn money. Step 1: Find somebody with the money or commodity you want. Step 2: Offer them something they want in exchange. Some of your type of money, goods, services, labor. This is how I earn my USD and a lot of my Bitcoin already: I just get my wages paid that way.
Also keep in mind that you can get a large amount of bitcoin in one action, even if the action you choose is somewhat convenient, and then make a thousand payments off of that balance. Compare this with your USD, you get one paycheck per time interval and then use your debit card hundreds of times before the next paycheck.
Using Bitcoin only looks inconvenient when you are used to the world revolving around the almighty greenback. I'm sure automobiles looked impractical to early 20th century horse-lovers, too. They probably thought horses were cheaper just because they compared the cost of a single horse to the cost of a high powered automobile towing a horse trailer. "what is the cheapest way to get me *and my horse* across the country?"
I don't know, imagine getting there without the horse and then see what happens? ;P
@_date: 2014-01-05 05:43:43
Which ones? MyBitcoin?
Who knows, there have been tons of times a wannabe service acts as a wallet and then loses funds. A good number of those times they are lost to hacking, sometimes to error, and a lot of the time to embezzlement that they try to make it look like was hacking or error. :P
@_date: 2014-08-06 22:21:36
This is funny because they're not going to politely list what you need to tell them, they will ignore individual people and small businesses until the moment it is convenient for them to be ~~culled~~ selectively prosecuted [as a chilling example to their peers](
@_date: 2014-07-24 09:49:43
Perhaps. I think if anything some magnitude questions should help there.
Additionally, what is "loss"? *Would gambling losses qualify*?
@_date: 2014-12-15 07:39:13
So basically it's like blockchain.info?
@_date: 2014-07-24 08:43:29




So, what's the difference between a law and a principle?


What kind of person murders somebody to begin with? Somebody enraged enough, and/or motivated by greed, and/or who simply doesn't respect another person's well being to the point that the other person expiring is no more consequential to them than squashing a bug.
So when a specific other person's life is not important to them, what is? Well people blinded by rage may not care about anything, including legal consequences. People who think they are clever enough might think they can go without getting caught. But aside from those classes, any criminal who can still think clearly enough will lose their motivation when they consider the force of law bearing down on them as a result of their actions.
Is that enough people? Well, look at literally any warzone ever. When the threat of societal retribution is basically nil, violent gangs of thugs rise to power. This is primarily because *violence is the ultimate arbiter*.


While colorful, I am going to agree that this is 100% accurate. However this has no direct moral meaning. The real question is: by shifting "who is allowed" to commit violence from one foot to another, are we left with more murder or less?
Well let's check. I'm not dead. Are you dead? Nobody in my family has lost their lives at the hands of another person, costumed or not. Yours?  Though I am fairly certain that if anybody could perform as much murder as pleased them, some small percentage of our population would be perfectly happy to end the lives of a much larger percentage of it for no reason other than it amusing them. 


I would prefer that as few people as possible were in a position to end the lives of another person without consequence, but you seem upset that this is a licence denied to you. Why?
And especially why, in light of the very first statement in your post? 
@_date: 2014-10-23 19:10:13
To be fair, whiny end-users who expect instant gratification and profit with no risk (in particular) are not to be confused with the engines of change. It doesn't matter if they are the last people to adopt bitcoin or not because they are the last people who *need* to.
People who are willing to trade either money or skill multiplied by elbow grease to see their ends met, and who are no strangers to risk or the research one needs to understand the consequences of one's decisions, are the kind of people it actually makes any difference to have on board. Those people will not spew vitriol at an open source community just because we did not physically break into their home and prevent them from pressing a ruinous combination of keys on their personal keyboards.
@_date: 2014-02-12 01:36:43
Makes claims, doesn't cite sources, acts like a douche when somebody else does the footwork. I'm just glad I'm not you.
@_date: 2014-01-30 02:02:18
Sounds like Stembolts, when you explain it that way. Boring, but apparently lucrative for reasons nobody cares to work out.
@_date: 2014-10-21 20:12:43
Wait.. "Basically", "simplify" .. "jargon"?
Let's just cut through all the buzz-words and tell me what you're really trying to convey. 
@_date: 2014-02-12 01:46:24
[I had to hunt too when the implications first began to be discussed](
TL;DR bitcoind *does* use txid as the inputs of a spend, and it allows unconfirmed spends. This is becoming very obvious today due to spam from unknown sources on the network which reads for every transaction that they can, an then malforms the transactions to create dupes.
Anyone (including exchanges) who spend from an address with 0-conf are liable to get their transactions duped because of the spammers. bitcoind sees the dupe and begins viewing both tx as legitimate and thus incorrectly calculating the balance of the change address (usually calculating that it received the change twice).
No coins are lost, and re-examining the blockchain after only one of the txn's get added to a block will allow bitcoind to see the correct balances again, but in the meantime the capacity to confuse a balance at any service that allows withdraws meas that the attackers probably hope to pump up their balances calculated at exchanges and then withdraw off of that, or something.
[Update from Gavin](
@_date: 2014-02-07 02:55:18
Their wallet wouldn't be made any more secure, no. But ACH takes 3 days to move a balance out of my Paypal wallet into my bank account, I assume Gwallet is the same. That acts as friction incentivizing people to just keep money in the wallet where it remains more vulnerable.
If somebody sent me Bitcoins with Gwallet, I would be able to withdraw those into a place with a different security profile almost instantly (cold storage, for example), and thus would also be incentivized to keep that balance low. Alternately, Gwallet could choose to implement watch-only wallets for you so that people can send money *directly* into volunteering users' cold storage, with all of their layers of convenience, accounting and currency calculation features built in. :3
@_date: 2014-07-06 17:19:49
It does if the future is bound and determined to be dystopian. ;P
@_date: 2014-02-25 09:39:05
In other news, the block size itself is liable to increase at some point to boot. Today's block size limits are pretty anemic, only supporting 1-2 transactions per ~~minute~~ second at any price. ;P
EDIT: fixed my faulty time unit
@_date: 2014-10-01 17:56:35


I didn't miss the point, I just misunderstood what you meant by it. I've run into a lot of people who use "not a panacea" as a hyperbolic way of saying "completely futile, it adds no value at all".
There do exist other wallets similar to GreenAddress.it which offer a third key in 2-3 multisig, where you generate two keys and stow one away for emergencies but can still use your hot key and their server key  to conveniently and securely make payments on the go. I was shown three such wallets all at once but the brand recognition of GreenAddress stuck with me and now I forget what the others were. ;3
@_date: 2014-01-22 22:50:51
I feel like I did not get a direct answer *from the party I submitted the question to*. This bot is basically offering answers to questions addressed to "whomever it may concern".
@_date: 2014-09-23 22:28:21
FYI: "the purpose of Bitcoin" is not low fees.
At the protocol level, Bitcoin requires only the bare minimum of fees to endorse network security. This is one of it's dozens of dominant selling points of the currency and of the payment network, because then you can build applications with bitcoin that do not inherit mandatory fees from the payment protocol the way that Credit Card or Bank Wire do.
However Bitcoin ATMs are not beholden to the protocol level, they *are* one of the applications that anybody may build on top of the network. These ATMs offer a service to you and they charge for the convenience of said service. It may be cheaper to arrange to meet somebody in person on LocalBitcoins, but said trader will not stand in one easily accessible location waiting for you 24 hours a day in case of emergency need to cash in or out.
Bitcoin has a thousand uses beyond the single chestnut of "sending fiat payment to a merchant cheaper than credit cards". It shines brightest when you do not have to exchange it for fiat at all. But there will exist times when you simply have to cash out (rich in bitcoin and poor in fiat when an emergency comes up which you cannot pay to solve in BTC) or cash in (emergencies during bank holidays either locally or abroad where the *only* way to pay to resolve the issue is in Bitcoin) or just so that new users can test with small play-amounts, unconcerned about the percentage fee.
Being expensive limits this "convenience" to edge cases only, because nobody wants to spend high fees. But those *are* important edge cases to serve and the automated, physical exchange presence has a great psychological impact on the reality and the value of the currency in general, even if you never use it in particular.
@_date: 2014-01-10 23:55:45


Apparently, [it is known]( :P
@_date: 2014-12-08 22:42:48


Changetip was created partly in response to complaints of the original Bitcointip reddit bot that *did* give users direct access to the keys, but as a result every tip spammed the blockchain and drained TX fees that hampered microtransactions.
As with all good single-administrator Bitcoin gateways (I won't say "centralized" because nothing prevents Changetip2 under completely different administration from offering a competing service) such as Changetip, exchanges, brokers, merchant gateways, microtx facilitators and *anybody* capable of making fast trades on their privately-maintained ledger off-chain: you get to withdraw your coin into a wallet that is *really* yours any time you'd like, and you're welcome not to call the txn complete until 6-conf after the withdrawal.
@_date: 2014-01-29 02:46:58
You had an "I think" and a lot of opining in [this comment]( to which I directly replied with my "strongly believe".
You told me your predictions and beliefs, I shared mine. We don't agree. I'm sorry that you don't want to discuss it more but that means you also have to resist the urge to 1up with last post.
@_date: 2014-03-25 23:05:19


Its not an unfair comparison so long as you select the field of comparison and then consistently stick to it.
I can say "it's easier to get a palatable meal for a buck at a McDonalds than at an onion stand", the statement is perfectly valid even though the onion stand's core business model is not offering you ready-to-eat meals.
You can buy the onion, and then combine it with other ingredients — that you purchased separately and that you then combine on your own time or expense. You can then compare the homemade meal with McDonalds, and say things like "it cost less money" or "it's healthier for you". However that comparison would become disingenuous if you tried to sweep under the rug the time, effort, or expense of shopping for *all* the ingredients, visiting multiple locations to source said ingredients, and combining/cooking them into the finished product at additional time/money expense and using kitchen real estate, utensils, cleanup, etc.
was not making a statment of Bitcoin being an inferior currency to fiat, he was making the statement of Today's options for paying in Bitcoin being inferior to today's options for paying in Fiat (namely Paypal/CC/eCheck) in light of no easy answers for buyer protection, which is a perfectly fair and accurate assessment. If, today, you wish to transact BTC and have buyer protection in the transaction there are virtually no reliable solutions available besides adding additional single-point-of-failure companies to temporarily yield your funds to.
@_date: 2014-09-18 19:38:30
BTC-holder puts btc into escrow. Both traders meet at a location where they have no computers available, and either such poor cell signal or such an old telephone that a minimum of only one of the two is able to even send a text message.
Buyer brings along a secret buyer's code with them and seller brings along a secret seller's code.
When the fiat is exchanged, the seller either gives the seller code to the buyer to send to LBC as an SMS, or better still is where the seller sends the SMS themselves. LBC confirms that escrow has been released into the buyer's LBC wallet for later safe withdrawal, and it does so by disclosing the *buyer* code back to whoever sent the SMS. Since only the buyer knows the buyer code, for them that is iron clad evidence that LBC has put the BTC safely under their control.
Trade complete :3
@_date: 2014-10-17 19:42:44
It's still helpful to inform other readers who may not have understood the txn cost relationship. :3
It's easy for trolls to come in and complain about radioactive plants polluting our air and ground water with [DHMO]( but somebody has to stop by and explain that DHMO *is* water. :/
@_date: 2014-07-27 17:54:50
What you have read has been trolling you then, because this is the literal definition of "trolling".
You would be better off joining @_date: 2014-08-05 00:19:03


The United States of America imprisons 1% of it's adult population.
Since getting *into* jail is easy (for example: evading your taxes), 99% of the US population demonstrably prefers paying taxes to sitting in jail.
Elsewhere in the fist world, where incarceration rates are much lower, the popularity of your Jail option is also much lower.
@_date: 2014-07-11 20:48:50
The first step is for a procedure to be possible in principal. Once it is, you are left with a single, well defined software engineering challenge for the industry (or one forward-thinking player within it) to write the additional software grease to make that same procedure more user friendly.
When you store your Bitcoins with BCI, it is possible *in principal* to send your coins even if BCI's main servers fall offline, regardless of how many BCI wallet users are trying to send coins at the exact same moment. While I concur that this process requires a mild amount of effort and IQ to do manually (on par with restoring an app or OS from data backups), it is still topologically Terribly Important™ that this is possible in principal.
When you store your bitcoins with Coinbase, it *is not possible*, even in principal, no matter how much effort you expend to either withdraw or send those coins during a period where A&gt; Coinbase falls offline, or B&gt; a sudden spike in withdrawal demand empties their hot wallet .. at least not until their staff can physically access their secure and inconvenient cold wallet to liquidate more funds for the users.
This is the meat behind our collective pushback of your open-ended statement "[Blockchain.info has the same problem](
@_date: 2014-08-28 22:45:34
Snail mail -&gt; Email. Difference: digital, electronic, instantaneous.
Credit Cards -&gt; Bitcoin. Difference: decentralized, both censorship and confiscation resistant, relies on cryptography instead of administration for security, push instead of pull, chargeback proof, buyer-fraud proof, both cheaper transaction and currency conversion fees, funds clear in minutes instead of months.
Nobody said that Bitcoin's difference to Credit Cards was that it was "electronic", that is a strawman that you made up.
@_date: 2014-01-16 21:28:57
You can get bitcoins easier than cash. For example, here's a dollar of Bitcoins:
Now how in hell would I have to get you $1 in cash? Put a washington into an envelope, pay half it's value in postage, figure out your mailing address.. how many days for it to arrive again?
And on your point "without being afraid of malware stealing them" .. malware is an intruder. Plain and simple. If you get malware on your PC, that simply means you allowed an intruder into your property. 
That is no more nor less meaningful than somebody smashing in your window while you are away and making off with whatever washingtons they could find.
So do you fear a burglar invading your home to steal your leather wallet? Do you fear malware infecting your PC to steal your PC wallet? The answer is always going to be "yes" and the solution is always going to be perfecting your own security. EG: "keep intruders from getting in". "make it hard for them to identify or reach your valuables if they do get in". etc.
Your post makes it sound as though said problem is unique to bitcoin, when it is not. Instead, you're just accustomed to not giving a damn about your PC's security when you always should have been.
@_date: 2014-09-17 22:40:10
Does not support Paypal, thus is not relevant to conversation. Spam.
@_date: 2014-08-30 13:51:51
Made illegal *where*? Russia has outlawed it.
@_date: 2014-01-15 16:52:58
It's the Ebert Matrix Review, basically. Make your claim tongue-in-cheek enough, and if you're prima facie statement bears out as correct then you are viewed as correct. If it bears out as wrong, then you can point to how you were only being ironic the whole time and still try to salvage a position of having known the truth all along.
Contrast with: actually knowing what's up and speaking confidently about it. I mean seriously, Lisa's rhetorical questions don't even sound rhetorical. It's like she's begging for the reader to vindicate her incapacity to understand the topic. ;P
@_date: 2014-09-29 05:11:23
Woohoo! Steampunk crypto ftw :D
@_date: 2014-02-18 22:40:04


However flapping your jaws to form certain words, and injecting words that mean things into media *is* an action.
What has made everybody upset today is the *words* Mark said in an interview to the wall street journal. As well as *words* he and his company have said in the past, and printed on their website, that lead people to feel safe giving them money to perform trades on their exchange platform.
Mark, and all of us who expect to be taken seriously should be careful not to make promises we cannot keep. We should be careful not to offend people we expect to do business with unless we just enjoy upsetting the audience we're trying to establish a rapport with.
We should choose our words more responsibly and demonstrate some maturity. It is only with restraint and discipline that we can effectively focus our influence to see the changes we wish to make in the world take root.
@_date: 2014-09-29 03:56:48
Wull then tell where your South African ATMs are so that he might patronize dem. ;3
@_date: 2014-07-21 23:06:17
User already tagged "Sockpuppet Troll", nothing to see here.
@_date: 2014-02-23 14:48:52


So long as exchange knows what addresses they spent *from* (which is kind of their responsibility no matter what) and has timestamp log of customer's withdrawls (also unavoidable responsibility) then being able to follow the payment on the blockchain will never not be trivial.
Furthermore, the problem stated isn't privacy from the exchange at all, it's privacy from third parties who may learn your withdrawl address. For example, you spend to third party through that address, and then party knows it's yours and watches how much money you stack and spend off from it. Watches every other address joining that one in a spend and creates a graph of your wallet, etc.
Your salted hash idea would do zilch to prevent *third parties* who never agreed to said memory-hole discipline from watching your deposits and spends.
@_date: 2014-01-02 03:09:00
Explaining it once nets you less downvote surface area than your dozens of useless, unfalsifiable quips. 
I think you just adore the irritated attention. So precious! *sqwee!*
@_date: 2014-08-06 19:22:26
õ_O are you suggesting that Political Pressure does not work by distorting due process? To me that sounds like a helluva broad claim which would be punctured by a single counter-example, yet I could drown you in counter-examples just by turning a spigot.
@_date: 2014-04-04 20:06:43
I'unno, it's changed so often I can't keep track any more. What *is* standard as of 0.9, anyway? ;3
@_date: 2014-07-24 00:47:18
@_date: 2014-12-19 20:12:03
Trouble of implementing and running "accepting Bitcoin payments through Bitpay" is basically nil.
1. Whatever payments get tendered in Bitcoin instead of CC save them 3.5% in fees and all risk of chargeback. For payments they were going to receive anyway, this is saved fees. For payments from customers that might have gone elsewhere (ahem.. KEEPASS) this is 100% captured revenue.
2. It gets dumped into the same bank account and Bitpay will furnish them with the same itemized spreadsheet for accounting and periodical tax reports that paypal, skrill, and their CC clearing house already give them.
3. Just disclaim that you will only tender refunds for Bitcoin payments through Paypal (which they already support and thus already have refund infrastructure for), and only denominated in USD. Refund problem solved.
Since the gains are not nil (3.5% gains on all existing business that switches to this payment channel, 100% gains on new business) gains outweigh costs.
That also resolves the chicken and egg problem. Since virtually all digital service providers and most ordinary goods providers can accept Bitcoin at a profit, you only have to resist ignorance and prejudice to open up the full cornucopia of services and wholesalers. Anybody upstream (or down the labor stream) from Lastpass who begins accepting Bitcoin will allow that other shoe to drop, but the first shoe was profitable enough to start the process.
@_date: 2014-03-07 02:41:19
I'unno, I've an example in my clipboard if that helps.
@_date: 2014-12-09 21:47:51
Lol, complains about errors other people make, complains when people point out the errors he makes.
Yeah, we're done here. xD
@_date: 2014-02-25 07:39:40
To clarify, it is irresponsible but it's owning up to that irresponsibility instead of casting about for somebody else to blame, which in turn is another example of responsibility.
Irresponsibly losing your coins and then following that up with a fit that everybody should be forced to play by rules that benefit your own poor decision making skills would be the broadest example of irresponsibility being discussed here, though. :3
@_date: 2015-05-27 03:21:36
No, it is exactly what it sounds like. You submit your transaction, and throw an arbitrary, to be honest nearly irrelevant transaction in as tribute, and forces entirely outside of either your control or your capacity to predict draw lots on whether or not [you go to space today](
Feel free to look over all of the transactions about to go into the next block if you'd like. You will after all be required to pick a transaction fee higher than the 1,000th lowest in the mempool or you are a *guaranteed* loser. In so doing, at best you mark one of those transactions as a guaranteed loser, so congratulations on being a cannibal.
But until the block comes, whoever posts transactions after you will be *forced* to eject you from the block in turn, and any new transactions you try to post with higher fees will be rejected by virtually all nodes as a double-spend so you get to wait up to 24 hours for your first spend to timeout, now.
But the Fun Doesn't Stop There! Oh no. You thought you knew who you were competing against to begin with? You didn't know shit, son! Smart money has been posting their transactions directly to mining pools with the agreement not to rebroadcast (easily enforced by publishing a lowball transaction first, every non-mining node would block the rebroadcast) to effectively act like completely secret bids.
Can you outbid them? No way to tell but to compete on making up numbers you're willing to throw meaninglessly away if you win (no matter by how huge of a margin you accidentally overbid, either. Too late, sucker!) and be punished for being too meek by delaying your money ever getting *anywhere* by several more days.
At some point it just gets cheaper to sell your private key to somebody else who has the time to put up with this bullshit and look into cashing into an alt that didn't decide to commit suicide.


Oh, it is obvious. The people with supply *tell you how much something costs*. You pay that and then you take the item.
Seller changes price if supply or circumstance changes. They know how much is on hand and know how much of it they think will sell, so they divide their costs by that to arrive at a minimum price they have to get and anything beyond that is profit.
In the third world or in the nastier parts of eBay or at government auctions you might either haggle down the seller, or take orderly turns outbidding other buyers. Since Ebay bids have all devolved into sniping, everybody serious about buying a product just uses "buy it now" and cuts out the nonsense.
But at no point in history have we ever distributed guns or milk or gasoline by forcing thousands of buyers to submit secret bids, with the top thousand getting a product entirely artificially limited in supply and being forced to pay every cent of their bid, while every loser gets banned from the market for 24 hours or until it gets so busy we forgot when their last bid was.
That would basically be on par with Peter Griffin picking every citizens occupation out of a hat.
@_date: 2015-05-06 05:58:30
You know what the chain of command is? It's the chain I go get and beat you with 'til ya understand who's in ruttin' command here.
@_date: 2014-01-26 19:07:58


Another option,  if your local currency is stank and you lack any goods or services the global market wants (and/or your shipping channels are clogged) is, to be honest, mine the coins.
Buy some used ASICs that are no longer profitable overseas, and convert electricity into BTC. You won't beat the global exchange rate, but that doesn't matter when you have nothing else to offer on the global exchange.
Mining is a great equalizer in that it allows anyone at any geographic  location to expend electricity as work and earn BTC as pay. :3
@_date: 2014-01-06 02:29:55


Decentralized power by definition challenges the might of central power. The only way it could do otherwise would be to voluntarily yield it's power.
Bitcoin cannot be anything but antagonistic to incumbent power unless an overwhelming majority of it's users, miners, and merchants all voluntarily take the additional required effort to yield their freedoms and powers to the state.
For example, if millions of users all voluntarily hand the NSA a copy of their wallet private keys so that taxes can be automatically withdrawn and funds confiscated in cases of illegal activity. The existing banking system offers precisely those legally induced backdoors, so until Bitcoin does the same it cannot toe the same line.
@_date: 2014-01-24 00:58:37
I've been using BK Gyft cards for quite awhile now, no problems. Sent my family loads of gyft cards for Christmas, they all seemed to have worked too. :D
Want Krogers now. Goddammit, Krogers. xD
@_date: 2014-09-17 22:54:27
What would the point of shadowbanning instead of ordinary-banning a bot be? If you wanted to block all postings by the bot, you'd just ban the bot. Bots aren't going to ban-evade.
Mods didn't want to ban the bot at all because it is capable of posting informative backlinks amongst the constant stream of fecal-joke links so they're more interested in somehow encouraging the former while neutralizing the latter.
@_date: 2014-03-03 17:50:17


I know right? Everybody *knows* it's more like tulip bulbs! xD
You know, because everybody can grow as many fresh bitcoins as they like, and they're so fragile and difficult to transport, difficult to authenticate. They take up lots of physical space to store and they physically wilt beyond authenticity just like tulips do. 


I don't think that's the trouble. Really, volatility is risk but what I think most people miss is that zero risk is even a good thing, or that you don't experience diminishing returns while trying to achieve it.
@_date: 2014-01-28 03:17:56
But you also don't buy supper or a laptop for investment purposes, you consume them (unless you're reselling the laptop at a profit in which case you're realizing either capital gains or revenue). That shouldn't be a taxable event any more than eating the bitcoin for supper directly would be taxable.
An increase in Bitcoin's exchange rate prior to buying a consumable is tantamount to Bitcoin simply becoming a more efficient consumable itself. You're just gaining more satisfaction out of each fraction of it that you consume than you might have been able to earlier.
IRS doesn't tax capital gains on the gas in your car when your mechanic tweaks something that makes your car more fuel-efficient, either. There's no taxable gain unless the better car (or more effective full fuel tank) gets resold at a profit.
If there's any confusion, I would compare it to whatever the case law is on using barter to *purchase* goods in other volatile commodities, like paying variable amounts of gold for consumer goods. AFAIK that is neither taxable nor comparable to first selling the gold and then spending the sold USD.
@_date: 2014-08-05 01:07:57
What wallet embeds what challenge in what envelope?
The only raw signing interface I am aware of is [this one]( in Bitcoin-QT (notice the disclaimer at the top mirroring my recommendation of caution). I have used this interface to sign into [Gribble]( on Freenode's  channel, much like what OP image suggests.
If there is additional infrastructure you have in mind, please clarify it?
@_date: 2014-12-07 01:27:30


No dispairagement intended, but the terminology used here sounds an *awful* lot like RedPill. I just want to confirm that that's not what you're talking about, right? ;3
@_date: 2015-05-27 02:56:42


If it's more than a certain number of confirmations older than the longest known chain (6? 10?), then it is pretty safe to ignore. Moreso for a 5TB than a 5GB block, your block will cross that age threshold (and it's header, which gets downloaded first, verifies it's age after a fixed amount of downloading) long before it's download finishes on *any* modern network connection. At that point it's safe to stop the download because you know the submitter is full of shit without any validation required.
Keep in mind, if 2 hours in you've gotten 8 blocks fully validated that route around the whale, you would at least have a handful of small blocks endorsing the whale that pass shallow verification (eg, ordinary rules followed and input pedigree up to the pre-whale block verified) if anybody, anywhere on the network took it seriously. If not, then you're within a couple of steps of kicking the wannabe resource hog to the curb with no help from any sort of traditional cap.
Plus, in another thread I mentioned a very versatile and flexible cap strategy that would even more rapidly nullify this attack while still evading block congestion: forbid all blocks less than, say, 2 times the size of the largest valid block seen in the past few thousand links of the chain.


I'm not aware of any node software that keeps stale, orphaned blocks around. If it did, then anybody could mine off of ancient 2009 blocks with dismally low difficulty values and inexpensively flood the network with strings of nonsense blocks each of which are below the 1MB limit using any generic CPU, let alone a GPU or an ASIC. 
So when the block is too old to make any reasonable effort at participating in the longest chain, you're not risking any *legitimate* loss of consensus to immediately disqualify it.
@_date: 2015-05-06 20:29:20
There exists zero advantage to trusting Coinbase to perform off-chain transactions for you over trusting Paypal to perform USD intra-bank transactions for you.
When you do not fear the blockchain, Coinbase can be superior to Paypal because I can use it to pay merchants who are not on that network, or I can use a different wallet provider or software to pay merchants who do rely on Coinbase. Paypal balances can only be used to pay other Paypal members, or else you can wait several days for an ACH to get USD at your bank.
This is the *entire* benefit of Bitcoin: value transfer between parties who do not have to have pre-arranged plumbing through existing financial systems between them. This one can send BTC, that one can receive BTC, and the plumbing is complete. Trying to avoid the blockchain defeats that entire purpose.
@_date: 2015-05-22 01:44:06
Has that trial even commenced yet, though? I'm pretty sure this is just the sentencing for running the site.
@_date: 2015-05-14 04:04:26
Open biology textbook. Read up on mutations.
Pathogens, given the room to do so, [can (and will) evolve to resist treatment, including vaccines]( 
@_date: 2015-05-27 00:43:37
Some of whom account for it's price manipulation and naked short selling, yes.
Criminals also love diamonds, especially the De Beers cartel.
@_date: 2014-07-18 19:27:23
You mean, this is not an advantage for *serial consumers*. The entire point of decentralized society is to get out of the illusion that every residential user earns wages from and then sucks on the tits of big box commerce. I work at Walmart and eat at McDonalds, you work at McDonalds and then buy groceries at Walmart. It's not healthy.
Once people begin producing small things themselves, be it making money on youtube videos or selling crafts on etsy or art prints / commissions on DA or any item at all on Ebay or Craigslist then they begin to *inherit* all of the same merchant-suck that Paypal and the credit card payment network have traditionally saddled larger businesses with.
Bitcoin is push-based and irreversible, but it is only the foundation of a greater variety of payment solutions. If you trust the merchant then this is all you need, so save some money on "chargeback insurance". That's why big retailers like Dell and New Egg can do this, because most customers trust those brands to handle disputes at least as much as they would have trusted some bank or Paypal.
If you use an escrow then you've got a third party to make sure both you and the merchant you know little about have satisfied your ends of the bargain, and then once the transaction is signed off buyer fraud remains impossible. Plus, if escrow agents aren't tied to the hip of the payment network then you have the potential for competition to keep them efficient and honest. Contrast with Paypal, VISA clawing back funds 9 months after sale and freezing accounts just because "our complicated risk heuristics thought it was a good idea at the time".
@_date: 2014-09-03 01:00:44
Sounds like the same rationalization that consumers of child porn offer.
@_date: 2014-01-23 01:54:23
Right, and the founders of every fortune 500 company owned 100% of the company prior to selling off some shares as the company grew, most still own 10% or more today. That means nothing as long as they hold it, that means they get a nice reward *should* they decide to sell it, after which they no longer have what they sell.
That is in no way comparable to a fiat money system where those in power are allowed to print unlimited supplies of money for their own purposes. Nakamoto could not double his holdings from 10% to 20% today through mining, or through any known method aside from sinking a billion or two USD into buying more.
@_date: 2014-02-16 10:28:15
@_date: 2014-10-20 18:16:52


I have tried showing examples from both Cosmos series' to every person I am related to, including my inlaws. Aside from just not liking the "nerdspeak", they could not restate anything from a 60 segment segment that they viewed in their own words, and the closest to reflecting on what they saw were repeating some of the words that they heard said in the wrong order.
My wife understands that the sun, earth, and moon are all round like marbles but every time she is asked which ones orbit around the others she literally has to guess. She honestly takes it on my word alone (that she forgets every time) that our planetary system is not *lunar*centric, let alone geo or heliocentric. 
My mother in law believes that all cosmological bodies are flat discs (save the Earth, she's happy with a spheroid Earth), and will scream you out of her house if you insist anything different.
My mother, stepfather and sister are each young-earthers who try to sell people ionized water. They don't have strong beliefs about cosmological principals as much as they just don't care, they expect that if God wanted us to travel through space he'd just take us there himself and all else is vanity.
My brother-in-law doesn't like "talking about sky stuff" and firmly believes that Facebook PM's are secure from his ex wife's eavesdropping because she does not have physical access to his phone (but does know his login credentials, which he refuses to update). I tried to demonstrate the flaw in his reasoning by bringing his facebook PM history up on *my* computer, to which he retorted "Well duh, I've got my phone right here!" and refused any further differential diagnosis.
Audience matters, and I think it is folly to conclude that "NDT and CS can reduce terms a general audience could understand", because they *cannot*. They can only reduce to terms that people with some basic proficiency or interest in the material but no previous *exposure* can still have a way to understand, which is different. EG, entry level 120 IQ required.
@_date: 2014-09-17 23:10:26


So just Buttcoin's front page then? Or SRS?
Or any of the Reddit Centipede brigade that eats nothing but what other subreddits shit?
@_date: 2014-01-26 21:21:13
I have, and they must yield to the law of the land just like everybody else.
If they didn't, then it would be (even more) trivially simple for them to extort their customers. EG: the market bows to violence.
@_date: 2015-05-09 11:02:59


You just said it was "off-chain". You said it provided every benefit that the blockchain provides, and you claimed that it did so without touching the blockchain (which is what "off-chain" means).
If it leverages "Bitcoin's own scripting language" *on the chain*, then it is not off-chain and congesting the bitcoin network would ruin any anchors you leave there just as thoroughly as it would ruin the rest of the chain. If it does so outside of the context of a blockchain, then it simply copies bitcoin instead of relying upon it just like most alt-currencies do.
So, please clarify what you mean. I have seen the term "payment channels" used to describe at least three different competing technologies before and what you describe does not match what I have heard before.
@_date: 2014-09-26 22:34:57
Hodldown turns to camera as his personal heros get picked on, a single tear rolling down his face. And then fade to black.
@_date: 2014-02-04 02:39:51


Right, but I sent you the tip so that you could investigate *me*, remember? It's a conflict of interest for me to try to investigate you, or I'd just laze off and say "I can't find anything, I must have been right to not be so worried". In fact, just consider that my answer because even pretending to put in that effort sounds like too much work for me. ;3
How could I possibly know anything about the other addresses exchanging balances to or from the one address of yours that I know about?
Bitcointip directly opposes Bitcoin Best Practices by constantly re-using the same address per user. Without that, I know nothing but "some satoshis moved to you prior to your tip back to me". I'd have to guess that that came from your personal wallet if you hadn't told me, I'd have to guess if that wallet is on your PC or out of an exchange (like Bitstamp), brokerage (like Coinbase) or shared web wallet meaning that one step back from the spend is instantly meaningless too.
Granted, spy agencies might be able to collect greater heaps of information still in their efforts to understand what's going on in the blockchain, but without direct complicity from the *international* network of Bitcoin merchants and brokers they can't tell which addresses are for what. Every address is created ephemerally, and as far as anyone can tell via diceroll. Then it gets used, ideally for one purpose and thereafter discarded.
The people at greatest risk of security leak are those who know enough to Do It Yourself, but not enough to Secure It Yourself. Clueless people running bitcoin-qt or electrum have best practices on their side, clueless people relying on Coinbase at al have best practices *and* web wallet obfuscation on their side.
@_date: 2014-02-09 03:56:21


Alright, care to dig up any of this downvoted wisdom to show to the class again? What about the TOS was broken? 
@_date: 2014-09-24 21:45:55
For the same reason you cannot buy precious metals or pre-paid debit cards with a credit card. They are too easy of a payment instrument to abuse for fraudulent purposes for anybody to release money-like instruments to you.
@_date: 2014-02-27 06:49:33
I liked the whole article. I've seen a zillion articles banter on about "computers solving hard puzzles" and "but who would buy a bitcoin when they've grown so expensive?".
@_date: 2014-04-04 20:51:44
The term "cold wallet" implies that the private keys were created in an air-gapped environment (eg, no live connection to the internet by the physical hardware in question .. AT ALL), that same private keys have literally never come into contact with an internet connection since creation, AND that private keys were never subject to scrutiny beyond the administrative authority of one individual or organization (eg, you diceware your own keys in your garage, in contrast to Robocoin making up keys for you, meaning robocoin has the option to revoke any money sent to those keys prior to your sweeping them elsewhere)
The term you are looking for is "paper wallet": private key material printed on paper, regardless of whether private keys were generated on a hot machine or not.
@_date: 2014-02-04 20:59:59
Fraudulent chargebacks? What are those? Poster I replied to said, and I quote:


What's so fraudulent about having cold feet about where you've donated to, Spoilsport McGee? :3
@_date: 2014-02-04 01:19:05
Right, and they have *proved* that HSBC laundered money as well.
But when it came time to dig deeper and see who was actually at fault, that's when the "too big to fail" card was waved so *we'll never find out* how loose-lipped HSBC execs might have been with their emails.
*They* actually get privacy while it's still not even clear under what warrant Shrem's emails were searched.
@_date: 2014-01-16 21:19:02
I'm talking about the first gen iPods. When they first came out, they were explicitly built so that the battery replacement was not user serviceable. Apple had to learn the hard way from that backlash, but it's an example of how their culture works by default.
@_date: 2014-12-19 20:21:18
I view this as on par with a Cosco that has 36 checkout lines and puts exactly two cashiers at the leftmost ones while 60 customers with full carts line up and begin pitching tents. "But you don't understand how much money they lose to pay each additional cashier to service you!" "But they know you won't take your business anywhere else anyway, there isn't anybody else!"
Yet these are the same people who get hot under the collar at Comcast failing to upgrade their network infrastructure. Were this really a free market, then point 2 would never happen so that whoever was shy of point 1 would be competed out of relevance.
@_date: 2014-12-31 01:25:44


However, here are two things that "living your life entirely in cash" would not represent: *using* a credit card network, or *using* Bitcoin.
Can you use a credit card network without trusting the single global administrative banking oligopoly, of which Visa and Mastercard are merely appendages? No. Does there exist any single administrative entity you must trust in order to transact *conveniently* with Bitcoin, let alone *at all* with Bitcoin? No, there is no such single point of failure.
You do not have to check in with Bitpay and/or with BCI in order to conveniently call a 0-conf transaction relatively safe. Those are simply lazy-person examples. If somebody said "There are so many shops on this street you can't throw a rock without hitting them", they are not inferring that you require a rock to do business there.
You can put together your own node that connects to just as many peers as they do, or rely on any of a thousand others including friends or family or whatever who can do the same in order to attain convenient to use and challenging to subvert network reflection.
@_date: 2014-11-29 23:38:21
I have a number of unix machines at my disposal, and bluntly whatever works on POSIX is going to work in my Cygwin terminal as well. But this sidesteps the issue of WoT.
I just checked back on the most recent implementation of GPG: 
and there now exists *no* mention of a decentralized WoT database (that used to be a big thing, back in the late nineties..) without which your signed document means zilch to me unless:
1. I know who you are to being with
2. I have some method to not only *get* your public key with which to verify this document, but verify that *that* public key is really yours and not itself subject to MITM.
The thrust of my argument is that this issue is nowhere near as simple as "See all the funny characters I put around this .onion address? That proves that it's safe to use". But if you know a method that legitimately allows two near strangers to end-run a certificate-hijacking and/or Tor exit node bad actor then I am all ears.
@_date: 2014-01-23 01:19:37
I don't see why you're irked about the angels-on-a-pinhead debate about what the best currency of the future is going to be.
If Bitcoin is even only marginally better than all other currency options today, why should that evade praise? There is no perfect, there is only the inexorable march of "better".
@_date: 2014-12-09 22:57:25
Not original poster, but he might have tagged you here, when you got into a tuffle downstream from him:
* 
and while I'm not convinced by that one in a vacuum, I certainly would have tagged you at any of these:
* 
* 
* 
* 
You also spend a *lot* of your comments seemingly confused by what this term "concern troll" means when people call you it, so I'll be happy to help clarify.


Your affectation of that brand just happens to be "I love Bitcoin but I hate all of these delusional Bitcoiners". Who are apparently twelve with no context at all, just because you were feeling obnoxious that day.
@_date: 2014-07-16 20:25:17
Coinbase is about the easiest way to buy or sell bitcoin into USD when you have a US bank account. If your area does have US bank accounts but what's keeping them from using Coinbase is that it doesn't appear to offer a Spanish language interface, then try emailing them at support and apply some pressure for them to get on some better language support. 
If the response you get from them is underwhelming, then just reply here and I'd be happy to amplify your signal via whatever means I can, but hopefully they'll just give you promising news directly instead. ;3
For Spanish speaking people in Spanish speaking countries (such as Mexico, Spain, and most of Central and South America) Coinbase won't work as it is financially US only. I would consult howtobuybitcoins.info depending on which country for some good leads, but try to get somebody sharp *in* that country to help you vet and sort out the options there. Only experience and savvy can really confirm whether a specific trading company is trustworthy. :)
@_date: 2014-02-18 22:17:09
Having the right to be pissed off does not necessarily translate into it being healthy for our community that people so enraged they are smearing feces on the walls be promoted to the top of our subreddit though, is it?
@_date: 2015-05-16 00:17:05
For future reference, it looks as though now has this little book icon as flair, and both Luke and Jeff have the flair. :3
@_date: 2014-01-26 18:45:26


$10kUSD requires armored transport now?
I didn't know you could arrange armored transport without having to *pay* that much. O_O I work RF and we have to pay $1kUSD minimum to rent a cherry picker, that we also then have to operate ourselves. You're talking about hiring trained, armed personnel to go with the armored vehicle.
In any event, if this is true then it provides new perspective to everyone's "I put $700kUSD worth of Bitcoin into an unencrypted wallet on my family's gaming computer and it got stoled by virus!" complaints. Keeping shit secure is simply more expensive for cash than it is for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-21 20:24:35
Right, which makes "simply" in this quote a weasel-word.
I'll pull out an alternate (popularly attributed to) Einstein quote to elucidate:


@_date: 2014-01-01 00:58:50
+1 mbtc
Also, my sincere condolences on the extreme challenge of IM'ing "accept" and "withdraw" to the bitcoin bot. Let me know if that knocks your fingers off or anything, and I can tip some scotch tape as a chaser.
@_date: 2014-12-10 02:59:47
Does this mean you are unable to remember the first and last names of a total of 6 close friends of yours? Hell, I grew up before telephones had rolodexes built right into them, and we had to remember the seven (or ten) digit *phone numbers* of friends and relatives back in the day.
We're not talking about a different 12 word password for every flash games website you visit, we're talking about one very important credential to distinguish your control over potentially a lot of money. That's the sort of thing that's worth sitting down and practicing a mnemonic story for.
@_date: 2014-07-19 03:40:08
So, I just peeked at [the industry standard on credit card agreements]( Up until now I was focusing on bank account ID theft, but whatever. You want to choose a narrow sliver of the argument to wax about, you'll still be wrong on that little hill, too.
It says that zero liability *is only possible* if you report identity theft *before absolutely any fraudulent charges occur*. Other limits up to and including Full Customer Liability revolve around how long you wait *after receiving your card statement*, which is why one of the first things an ID thief will do is make certain the statements for fraudulent cards they take out in your name go elsewhere, and/or sometimes they'll steal them directly out of your mailbox. You can't see statements online for newly issued cards that aren't linked to your online ID, so by the time you know a few hundred thousand of fraudulent shit has been run up in your name on a card you've never heard of *it's too late: now you're on the hook for it*.
So tell me "go back and read your agreement" as much as you'd like. [1 in 12 American adults]( have firsthand knowledge of how full of shit you are.
@_date: 2014-03-14 22:34:12
I'm not being an ass, I am requesting clarification.
Do you know of any instance where Bitcoin has lost 70% of the value that it's held for a month, and then not recovered after another month? Because it certainly does the opposite quite often: gaining 70% over it's previous month and then never dipping that low again.
@_date: 2014-09-26 22:18:29
That's [Sweet *baby* Jesus]( to you. :O
@_date: 2014-01-01 02:27:53


I've been curious about this since somebody asked recently. Yes, I agree that it is easy to start an alt. But what will it take to limit any alt you create to a local scope without opening yourself up to remote counterfeiting?
EG, if only the people in your neighborhood are mining it then somebody in Russia could still, at least in principal, dump resources into a 51% attack.
The basic flaw that I see to the simplicity of local alts is that the mining "game" is designed to be so all-inclusive that geographically limiting it must be an exotic challenge.
@_date: 2015-05-09 04:45:47
The larger network would be the one used by more people, the one with more transaction volume. *Not* the artificially expensive one that will arbitrarily screw with even the transactions of people who sacrifice 50% to friction, so long as everyone else happens to try the same thing too.
@_date: 2015-05-06 05:41:57
Companies like Coinbase and Circle cannot be held responsible for the Bitcoin protocol though: it ticks along with or without them. Counter-intuitively that is what helps keep those companies *safe*. It is a live third rail they do not have to grab.
Ripple the company controls XRP the currency and ripple the protocol, making them a soft and squishy target for the government to hold responsible for anything that currency or protocol could ever be used for.
@_date: 2015-05-29 01:39:10
[loves talking about this]( so try asking him.
@_date: 2015-05-29 02:19:35
It doesn't take a lot. Source: I run an ISP, and as a result I *have* to run a full featured telephone company to boot, selling to customers who can't tell if the internet is delivered to them over the telephone or vice versa anymore.
Can you imagine the fall-out if any time this year all interconnection between cellphones and landlines were severed? Our youngest millennial generation honestly doesn't know what a landline (or a telephone book, for that matter) even is while our oldest living generations honestly don't know what a telephone is outside of the context of a landline or how to talk to another soul if you didn't hand them a phonebook.
@_date: 2014-02-23 17:07:07
Many companies that sell those kinds of products also get inordinate amounts of buyer fraud (spouse sees bill, buyer sheepishly claims identity theft), and are regularly either 86'ed by or pay insane fees to their merchant processors as a result of said risk.
Enter chargeback-proof, identity-optional currency. Basically, digitally transferable cash.
@_date: 2014-02-22 00:59:24
Well, I wouldn't go so far as to say "traitorous" either. I adore Coinbase and do tons of business with them, and re-reading my post I don't want it to look like I'm trying to impugn them at all. You can replace "coinbase" in that paragraph with any counterparty.
I suppose my primary concern is how easily a customer could, should they choose to take on that responsibility, keep the balance at coinbase to a bare minimum required yet still ensure the funds are present to be auto-withdrawn on schedule and without hassle to merchant. Some kind of system where Coinbase can email reminders of impending auto-drafts when balance is lower than desired (not enough to pay the drafts scheduled for next X days, for instance) would help greatly in that endeavor.
Additionally, customer should be able to sever scheduled payments to the merchant from Coinbase' interface in any case where a merchant might become adversarial instead of having no control over somebody drafting your account (which is one basic problem [with our existing banking system](
It's all about having the *option* to minimize the amount of money you have to trust to a counterparty to get the job done. Counterparties add their own fees, [their own fickle judgement gainsaying your own about what transactions they will or will not support along with their own concerns of legal liability potentially orthogonal to your own]( their own geographic restrictions, their own time and convenience restrictions, and while you hope that their platform is secure it is also an aggregated target beyond your control.
Conventional banking has always made us choose between personal, but clumsy to transfer notes and more easily transferable bank balances that are addled by entire chains of slapstick counterparties. Bitcoin allows us to remove that distinction, and I believe it's most powerful expressions will continue to pay obeisance to that capacity for personal autonomy: making the convenience of trusting a counterparty with a large surface area of funds x time an option instead of a mandate. A powerful option, no doubt.. but less powerful unless you could reasonably opt out from it. ;)
@_date: 2014-10-04 22:40:57
Keep in mind that Neo and Bee clients might have been telling themselves the same thing too, right after launch. ;3
@_date: 2014-08-05 10:03:15


Then why did absolutely 100% of countries make the opposite choice? According to your lemma, all it would take would have been one sovereign state to decide that change is just too hard, and stay on a gold standard, to simultaneously prove the rest of the world wrong and unexpectedly grow into an economic superpower while the rest of the globe waned.
And with their well-financed armies, there wouldn't have been a thing any fiat-users could have done to stop them.
@_date: 2014-03-24 21:36:08
Pfft, I would bet that the percentage of Gyft's Bitcoin sales far exceed non-Bitcoin sales. Wal-mart would be fairly safe assuming all cards bought via Gyft (a number they can easily see) represent Bitcoiner interest. ;3
@_date: 2014-04-23 14:15:58
Upset with Joe123, want to blacklist all accounts matching Joe123's password.
For every new user that logs in, hash the password against Joe123's hash. Does it match? Ban user. In fact, if it does match then just record the bad password in plaintext to put on the bad cheques list and save hashing time. (after all, an admin's job is to safeguard the security of user's passwords, not to ensure the security of abuser credentials..)
That said, this does represent upwards of 5 minutes of somebody's time to code making it astronomically less *likely* than never hashing the passwords to begin with, but I'm not here to defend any specific administrator I'm only here to clarify that password-level banning is in principal pretty straightforward to do even in a system with strengthened password hash policies.
@_date: 2014-05-12 20:10:47
Kind of the same plans you would have had paying cash, paying with a gift certificate, paying with a debit card, or literally any method aside from going into very expensive debt over it.
For example, Wal-mart *offers* credit cards to their customers.. how is relying on the chargeback feature from that card any different from relying on the judgement of the customer service desk? õ_O
Merchants, especially big name merchants aren't likely to shaft the consumer and then force them to do a payment chargeback. Said merchants could never turn a profit doing so until they've poisoned the PR waters so bad that they would lose a dozen times as much in lost sales.
Purchasers on the other hand (as a population) are going to continue to commit chargeback fraud all day e'ery day, raising the cost floor for us honest purchasers, simply because there's virtually nothing to stop them and their reputations are throw-away.
@_date: 2014-12-09 02:22:30
You rely on javascript handed to you from a company that this morning fucked up and sent malign javascript to it's customers as a tool to handle those keys. Today it was poor RNG creating new addresses that ate all user funds deposited there (because the private keys were instantly guessed by attentive third party attackers), tomorrow they'll just hand you javascript that decodes your wallet per norm and then instantly transfers your entire balance away.
*That's* control?
@_date: 2014-01-27 23:37:54


No, there's no spelling complaint here. "loose term" is correct spelling, "lose term" is not. Replier was only arguing that it is instead a strict term.
@_date: 2014-11-25 22:15:44
Fair enough, but my meaning was no limit to number of transactions. 10 transactions, 100, 1000.. via coinbase that's one PII submision while with WU it is 10, 100, or 1000 submissions.
Also my focus was on residential use cases. I don't know anybody that would try to move more than $50k/day via WU, either. :J
@_date: 2014-12-14 05:05:13
It's supply is inflating. It's purchasing power is liable to deflation which counterbalances the steadily increasing supply. people use the terms "inflation" or "deflation" in many contexts: sometimes only describing supply, sometimes only describing demand, sometimes describing the purchasing power found where those curves meet and sometimes.. I'll be honest.. in contexts that make no sense to me like interest rates. :P
@_date: 2014-10-31 22:33:24
Better fix:
    $feeRate= -0.0025;
    if($balance &lt;= 0)
    {
        $interestFee = 35;
    }
    else
    {
        $interestFee= $balance*$feeRate;
    }
@_date: 2014-02-10 06:57:45
I don't know; I've never even used OSM before myself. All I know is that in any "anyone can edit" environment the moderation can quickly grow into a headache as you have to dream up clever new ways to disincentivize vandalism.
@_date: 2014-08-06 03:13:50
Oh noes, [the fed guy!](
@_date: 2014-07-02 07:29:10
It's poe's law. AFAICT the buttcoin people actually have a strong technical understanding of the currency, they just choose to pretend that they don't in order to maximize emotional manipulation and mining of lulz. When you deliberately miscategorize something, you tend to infuriate whoever does take it seriously. Contrast with Troll Science.
Also, legitimate complaints and thought-provoking talking points are a lot more effort to offer than fart noises and yo momma jokes.
@_date: 2014-12-05 06:24:30
Don't you mean "genderist", shitlord?!
@_date: 2015-05-27 00:39:46


If I name "Mt. Gox" as a solution that was not kept honest, and I just sit here holding my tongue on the long list of other solutions that were not kept honest that people have lost millions of dollars to, then does that mean that you can name nine hundred and ninety nine (999) businesses willing to hold a bitcoin balance on your behalf that *have* been kept honest for more than, say, a year of history?
Bear in mind that even if you can name 999, I'm just going to let slip the next name on my list and task a *fresh* 999 examples back out of your side.
@_date: 2014-09-18 23:17:51


I should have written point 3 so it didn't say "in person", because that is irrelevant. Conman says "just send BTC to this address XXX and I'll get the fiat to you. In fact, check is in the mail already! woohoo!" and potentially upwards of half of the suckers out there will fall for it since they don't realize either the utility or function of escrow.
Remember how I mentioned 5 different newb traders (out of maybe a dozen total) volunteering their buyer codes to me? They can do that just as easily to the far end of an online transfer.
Payment method to buy bitcoins off of a newb, Paypal. "Gee whiz, that sounds convenient!" Chargeback 3 months later.
[Scams like this guy mentions]( where the fiat payment method you're meant to use actually funds some illegal BS that the BTC seller doesn't want to get caught financing themselves.
Again, I am not saying "LBC is bad". But I am saying there are plenty of reasons to correctly conclude that a lot of scamming goes on there amidst the legitimate bidness. You have to protect yourself with knowledge and with protocol because nobody else has your ass for you.
@_date: 2014-03-24 21:25:39


That happens with every Wal-mart gift card I've ever used, including the ones I purchased on walmart.com. Unless that has changed in the last couple of months, that will still be an issue with Gyft.
Put simply, warn your cashier that you'll be using a gift card and that they'll need the manager handy as soon as they start ringing you up. That increases the chances they'll have the manager there or at least in the vicinity by payment time.
As for eGifter, last time I tried to use their service to buy a $30 Lowes card, the card number was rejected at POS. They tried retyping it three times. Emailed eGifter support, never heard back. Screw that, Gyft has always been responsive to my support emails.
EDIT: I guess I did get an email back from eGifter support, somehow got archived while I don't recall having read it at the time which is my fail. Core issue on the card not working appears to be that Lowe's cards don't activate for a few hours after purchase.
@_date: 2014-01-05 16:03:52
What's this downvoted for? 13 people think BTC will never get over $1kusd apeice? :P
@_date: 2014-01-31 02:41:58
How do you pay capital gains taxes with every purchase? I don't see any tax advise of that sort.
If I buy 10€ Euros with $10 USD, then spend those 10€ after a market move to buy $15 USD worth of personal goods, AFAICT I do *not* have to claim capital gains. I shouldn't have to anyway since personal goods are not capital.
By the same note, if I buy 10mBTC with $10 USD, and then after a price move spend the 10mBTC to buy $100 USD of personal goods I should not have to claim capital gains tax either, unless you can point me to a tax code I'm unfamiliar with.
@_date: 2014-02-18 22:18:05
"constructive criticism" *said while bothering to show up*
@_date: 2014-03-03 18:49:04
I'm sorry, you must have meant to say "to understand and inform other individuals about the economics of *government or privately issued fiat* currencies", because I'm pretty certain that college economics curricula from the 1940's didn't have much to say about digital commodity-money globally adjudicated by predefined, cryptographically enforced, and voluntarily laws.
Or do you know a dynamic precedent for all that? Well.. Yap, I suppose.. but short of a computer network they never really got to our transaction volume, either.
@_date: 2015-05-20 05:08:15
Only if you are offering a fixed point, subscription based telephone service. [Even Skype blocks 911](
@_date: 2014-07-24 09:29:45
Spending about a half an hour drilling through a service explanation on these three sites, it appears to me as though all three provide you the software (be it javascript, phone app or chrome extension) that both stores "your" private keys and does all of the client side heavy lifting for cryptography and transaction signing.
As a result, you lose the convenience that coinbase offers of access to your funds from multiple devices unless you personally tote complex passwords to the other devices (one of these services based on Electrum appeared to offer that feature), and if the server is co-opted then they simply feed you a malware copy of the Javascript client (or talk phishing-gullible users into upgrading their chrome extension or phone app) in order to co-opt your privately-stored key and password you use to decrypt anything that might be encrypted either locally or on their servers. 
Granted, that is a touch more work and they might not be able to get *everybody's* funds before being caught and shut down, so the security bar is still higher than coinbase but still much lower than either personally crafted cold storage or multisig escrow.
In fact, at the end of the day these services are not a *ton* safer than the BCI wallet, which is already not only so easy to use that my teenage son uses it to buy steam games via bitcoin allowance but longer in the tooth and more well known, well vetted than these newer offerings.
But, they still appear to fill an interesting niche on the security/convenience continuum so I thank you for pointing them out to me. :)
@_date: 2014-02-23 15:07:34
A&gt; you don't have to use their ATM
B&gt; Why don't you start your own ATM service and show them what a fully anonymous ATM can really do? After all, I won't have to read your self-important posts any more once you're the one in prison sitting next to Shrem.
@_date: 2015-05-16 00:20:06
Which "most browsers" are that? I know for a fact that Firefox and Chrome don't as of very early this year. (primarily because I have an ancient controller on an air-gapped network that requires SSLv3 and all of the crazy-ass hoops I have to jump through just to access the thing!)
@_date: 2015-05-14 22:38:32


What else do you expect from butters? :P
@_date: 2014-03-03 17:37:26
Is it fair to say that Gold is confusing just because the pressures moving the gold market might be, or it's methods to confirm it's not counterfeit, or the methods required to prevent bad actors from stealing it from you; either in storage or in transit?
When people say "What is Bitcoin" they don't mean "what's the story behind every line of code" or "how many fields to I have to get PHD's in to resist the assembled hordes of Ghengis Khan and the NSA and the Chinese Military conspiring together to take it from me", they mean "*why* do people like it, what justifies the buzz?" or "How is this similar / distinct from currencies and forms of payment I've already grown accustomed to?"
People like it because you can both store and transport it globally with zero counterparties, and transact it anonymously without requiring you to strictly trust the other party should you choose to. It represents a durable value controlled from any terminal in the world by a secret key that you own and never disclose.
It doesn't *have* to be complicated to use, either. TCP/IP is complicated if you're trying to generate packets by hand, but it's easy if all you're doing is playing Farmville and relying on commodity hardware, OS, browser, flash plugin to perform all the heavy lifting for you.
You want easy Bitcoining? Go with a trusted Web Wallet like Coinbase. Is that secure? Probably on par with keeping balances at Paypal.
@_date: 2015-05-09 05:08:16
If it performs all of the functions that the blockchain performs like you say, except without any of the expense of the blockchain, then why are you involving a blockchain?
If the blockchain is overfilled then it will be both inexpensive and unreliable. It will be unusable. Like I said before, nobody is going to settle any balances to a blockchain that is expensive to use. Whatever you are using to buy coffee? There exists zero reasons not to move a million dollars on whatever network does that.
@_date: 2014-12-22 11:11:56
He is trying to target people who do not already understand bitcoin, so he has to move slowly enough to help them keep up and to wait-out the deprogramming they are likely going through. "But I thought .. " "Wouldn't that just .. ?" "Ohhh.... wait, now it's starting to make more sense than the cobwebs I had in my security assumptions, okay.."
@_date: 2014-12-12 23:31:50
[Still plenty of power in certain storylines]( ;3
@_date: 2014-10-12 10:32:57
Wait, I though that the Sourceforge account was compromised or something? 
Wouldn't this be better hosted on Github? :O
@_date: 2014-01-26 21:06:37
Speaking as a merchant, the % back on credit card purchases are often at least partially prized out of the hands of the merchants to begin with. You mention discover, and that's a huge reason a lot of merchants don't accept discover: they don't feel the need to pay their customers to shop with them. And when your product or service is good enough, why would you need to bribe the customer to begin with?
My position on the overarching OP question is that Tigerdirect offering bitcoin payment doesn't have to offer any reasons for non-bitcoiners to start using bitcoin. But, until the IRS clarifies their position, basic merchant acceptance does offer a reasonable alternative to capital gains tax. You sell your Bitcoin for USD to buy with credit card? You're taxed on your gains. Just buy items directly with Bitcoin? You may, in fact, not have to claim gains. To me, that's potentially worth quite a bit more than 5% BS airline miles.
And, even if tax were not an issue your convenience has a price and your support for the economy has a return. If I have a greater BTC surplus than USD surplus, I'd rather just spend BTC than convert it first, wait 6 days for the USD to arrive, and spend that. OTOH I might put in the effort to go the other direction just to prove to merchants that we mean business today, under the assumption that said footwork will become less necessary as BTC grows more frequently used and useful.
Disclaimer: I am not a tax professional, but that's how I'm filing my 2013 while keeping a keen eye on any changes in IRS advise and being prepared to file an amendment if anything is up.
@_date: 2014-02-07 00:13:16
has already described that zero of the apps being discussed (Coinbase, Blockchain.info, Coinjar) run as full nodes. Every one of them is virtually indistinguishable from Paypal or Gwallet apps (BCI with the extra, tiny distinction of storing an encrypted copy of your private keys and settings..)
But even for apps that *do* run as full nodes, it makes zero difference. Why would Apple be concerned about litigation when people run App X on their phone (for ANY app X) when you can just as easily run that on your Apple Macintosh?! There is nothing special about a phone compared to a computer or a tablet but the form factor!
What's the difference between running a full node app and running BitcoinJ full node in HTML5 in the web browser on your iPhone? Nada!
Allowing people to download software from your app store that in turn enables them to participate in a P2P payment network does not make you a money transmitter any more than selling somebody a car that they use to commute to JPL makes you an astronaut.
@_date: 2014-02-04 01:37:24
Starting with $100usd and ending with 50 Bitcents sounds perfectly equitable to me.
@_date: 2014-07-10 22:42:24
Another thing Coinbase could do to help alleviate this problem then would be to work out a deals with Bitpay, BIPS, and the other merchant gateways to basically instantly issue them "Coinbase-owes-you" tokens for these transactions so that the transaction completes instantly, but the Bitcoin that has to be dredged out of cold storage can make it along on it's own time frame.
In fact, Coinbase could then batch those payments to further reduce complexity. Such as, clearing all debts to Merchant Gateway A in one big lump sum every morning, or such. :3
I guess one challenge might be the volatility inherent in longer timeframes, so they could negotiate a fee to cover the risk. For Coinbase it may well be worth said fee on those infrequent times when their hot wallet runs dry to help keep their customer's satisfied.
@_date: 2014-08-06 01:56:59
What do you care, butt picker? Go do your own doxxing.
You're probably just upset that [y'all are getting shadowbans]( so you do a poor job trying to trick people here into running afoul of admins so [you don't feel so lonely any more](
@_date: 2015-05-26 23:26:17
So 100 million people each try to buy 10BTC apiece, and somehow the price dips to $150 and they all get fed. 1 billion BTC units get withdrawn out of exchanges and onto the suddenly very surprised and indignant blockchain.
@_date: 2014-06-11 22:33:45
The merchant is just as much of a fraud potential for the gateway as it's customers are.
This is nothing but a fancy coat of paint over the top of "can I buy Bitcoin from you with my credit card?"
The answer is "No: no you can't, because there exists zero mechanisms to prevent you using a stolen card and instantly disappearing with the BTC proceeds I give you."
@_date: 2014-12-09 01:50:11


Tell that to bitcoin.org. I browse there, and it says "to use bitcoin you gotta choose a wallet". Some of them are online services and some of them are downloads. Why is this ridiculous?
Or take my ISP. Go to the "email" section, and it offers one link to download Thunderbird MUA and another link to log into a webmail service that does the same basic thing. 


Some people want the spot convenience of a web app and some want the increased security and/or superior UI the download can afford them. I chose the latter, but neither can I fault people for choosing the former method of storing their disposable balances in a form they can get to from anywhere they need.


So, do you know if there exist a mobile and a desktop wallet each of which supports BIP32 today? And/or, what are your feelings on greenaddress.it which does appear to offer both desktop and android? AFAICT BCI continues to fill a niche until/unless something else can do the same with a superior security profile.
@_date: 2014-04-21 09:56:46
Go back far enough in the logs to see my mod behavior, and you'll find that short of the bot spam I posted a distinguished reply to every human submission and comment which I removed explaining what rules were broken, and often even offering alternative advice to help the user.
@_date: 2014-03-08 17:51:20


Of course I would. Everyone of consequence in this subreddit would. Anybody who would not would be best served exiting the pool immediately, because you *only* get to choose *what* controls your currency: math or people. You *don't* get to choose between "people in power and other people", because the latter is under the thumb of the former. Math is not.
The problem with your assessment is that you think that "who made the protocol" *changes* how it might be used or abused by existing power. It does not. Whether this was hand crafted by Satan or lilted by the wings of an angel does not change whether or not it is a perfectly transparent system (it is) which allows us to *review* whether or not it can be manipulated by evil, and this system happens to be more resistant than any other system any of us are aware of. 
Thus, every vote for this and against fiat is a good vote. If we cannot be forced to use fiat (because we choose Bitcoin today) then we cannot be forced to use Bitcoin tomorrow assuming we find an even better option than that.
Also, please describe to me how "open ledger" represents a greater benefit to the corrupt US government or a greater detriment to freedom-lovers than the Fiat currency system *which already enjoys the precise use penetration that you fear?*
@_date: 2015-05-14 22:10:40
You tell me: where is the same at any bank?
Where is the checkbox on reddit to hide my username when I post something, but I still get karma? Where is the form I can file that compells the NSA to stop tracking any information having to do with me and throw away any data they already have on me?
What you are doing is confusing politely asking a third party to please consider bending over backwards to do you a favor with any measure of actual control.
OTOH: empty coinbase into your own wallet. Optionally, tumble coins. Then send them to third party bitcoin address. Coinbase is now no longer in any position to leak your identity to anyone or to know who you are even sending anything to.
Why is **taking responsibility for your own shit** instead of whinging at others to do it for you so difficult?
@_date: 2015-05-14 04:01:01
I am in favor of restricting anti-biotics to controlled substance status. Get them by prescription, regulate their use in agriculture, the only reason we're not there today is that our government is getting slow and clunky.
Granted, pressuring a slow and clunky government to do better is preferable to trusting an ancap to as much as *screw in a lightbulb*.
@_date: 2014-09-26 22:40:02
Your telephone ate your post, I'd recommend an edit to fix this up? ;3
@_date: 2015-05-06 20:06:30
How would the ISP know he was running a hidden service though?
Also, as frightening as the potential of a timing attack is that he brings up, how *could* anybody (even the feds) even *begin* to level a timing attack at him without first knowing his hidden hostname?
@_date: 2015-05-14 04:26:02
The really fun part is when they ask you to send them money, but don't tell you that the address they are asking for money on is an address they re-use enough for their darknet activity that Coinbase and LEA already have that address flagged and blacklisted. xD
Today's lesson: Never send from Coinbase/Circle/etc directly to anywhere but a wallet you control.
@_date: 2015-05-14 04:17:33
I vote we should hard fork to limit to one transaction per block and also alter the difficulty algo to one block per day.
That way, the market will constrict so far that not even one *party* could make use out of it or ever hope to pay the miners, *and* I'll be able to both verify blocks and store the blockchain with pen and paper! It will be the "block size increase scares me" crowd's wet dream. :D
@_date: 2014-12-22 14:18:36


.. which was the point of the Schneier quote used in this image, and the image itself tries to put this into an easier to digest perspective as a one-shot response to the endless parade of new Bitcoiners who post here (and elsewhere) weekly with "I've figured out how to hack Bitcoin!" or "Why should I even trust this?" followed by a description of a variant of Blind Brute Force that they've just realized for themselves for the first time was even possible.
In fact, it's an entire class of misunderstandings:
* What guarantees that there is no private key collision?
* If you can make as many addresses as you'd like, what happens when we run out?
* You mean that *anyone* who accidentally makes the same private key that I did gets access to all of my money?!
No, this is not the only consideration to keep in mind when auditing crypto solutions, but it is one of the most common stumbling blocks for new users because it defies intuition.
@_date: 2014-05-25 01:18:44
A project being Open Source does not infer that there exists enough information in said obscurely authored source code for third parties uninvolved in the genesis thus far to successfully reverse engineer documentation from nowhere.
The information the computer needs to march forth and execute a mission with questionable reliability is not the same information that a maintainer needs to keep said computer on task when the environment evolves or undesired behaviors are discovered.
@_date: 2014-08-17 00:49:20
Yep, nevermind. I'll just RES tag you "12yo asslicker" and our business here is complete. Have a fun life! x3
@_date: 2014-03-03 23:55:47


Just off the top of my head, it has to do with the fact that you and I are having this discussion on reddit *dot com*.
The "[dotcom bubble]( is a complicated event that you are boiling down into a monolithic mal-investment, even though:


My point is that, sure, speculation can ride on top of intrinsic value. Bitcoin's booms and busts are due to speculation, but Warren Buffet's comment was that Bitcoin has *no* value beyond speculative hype.
When I talked about systems that have *no* real value beyond speculation (and while I may not have been sufficiently clear at the time, my inclusion of dot com bubble in that list was targeted at companies with no business plans which were riding the speculation alone) only having the wherewithall to fail once, you claimed this statement "was not even remotely true".
So I repeat, please narrow your focus by pointing out a specific brand, well known enough to have some impact on the public consciousness as Bitcoin does today, that lost 50% of it's value four full times before collapsing completely, to illustrate that they had no core value beyond speculation.
@_date: 2014-07-23 23:56:59
The backend storage is not different (give or take that they may easily optimize cold-storage access around this), the deposit/withdraw rules are different so that customers can choose to put balances into the "vault" that they do *not* want to be trivially easy to remove again, such as in the case of their account credentials or PC being compromised.
Major features include time-delay on withdrawals, and you can configure a requirement to have multiple coinbase users agree before a withdrawal is authorized.
@_date: 2014-12-22 22:33:06
In what circumstances do you mean? Like, an unfairly balanced coin that lands heads more often than tails or vice versa, or an unfairly lazy throw that rarely completes more than 0 or 1 flips and often starts in a predictable state, or an unfairly uniform throw so that each in a series of throws is unusually likely to complete the same number of flips due to over-uniform initial conditions?
In the wild I am not familiar with any practical commercial dice throws or government-issued-coin flips by a party personally interested in entropy that offer less than the expected amount of entropy. :o
@_date: 2014-06-05 00:47:13
That's because McDonalds seems like the safer (from food-borne illness, burning down the house, etc) and simpler option. ;3
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:52:01
And the other difference is that Spengler doesn't want to pay the premiums, he wants people who don't share his risk decisions to pay them.
@_date: 2014-10-21 02:44:10
Fine, then explain Bitcoin to an Earthworm. :/
@_date: 2014-11-25 21:09:38
Well, similar to paypal you only have to set up your account with coinbase/circle/etc once in order to convert an unlimited amount of Bitcoin *to or from fiat*.
When you buy things *without converting to fiat* however, Bitcoin saves you not only the ID check at the remittance step *but at the purchase step as well*. Doubly powerful for digital purchases where nothing needs to be shipped to a physical address, and point of sale purchases where you are already there to pick it up.
In comparison, when I use WU to send money I had to either give personal info to my bank to set up a bank account and then repeat that personal info to WU (along with bank account info) to send money out of my account, or visit in person to give my personal info to WU, and AFAICT I have to do that for every single remittance. Same on the receiving side.
@_date: 2014-01-16 21:08:05
If you're already settling for whatever is at the top of that sub (Dreck, if you ask me..) then why not just settle for one 60 minute clip that you never update? :P
@_date: 2014-02-04 01:43:02


"Those in the know with technical accessibility" are nothing more than entrepreneurs like Coinbase who can make money by offering services that use Bitcoin *to* the poor, at fees cheaper for the poor to pay and with with geopolitical reach that the banking oligarchy (the *actual* golden head of the snake) can never match.
If your idea of wealthy is "has access to the internet" then we are by no means talking about the 1%.
@_date: 2014-08-07 08:23:12
The Interstate Commerce Clause requires only one party (the customer) to be within the state's jurisdiction in order for the entire trade to also fall under their jurisdiction.
If the company in question does not have a Bitlicence, they will be vulnerable to prosecution in New York State and any other state will cooperate with New York Law Enforcement on that matter.
If they try to comply by getting a Bitlicence, they will be denied unless/until they yield absolutely *all* of their business operations with all customers around the world into compliance.
This is very similar to how money transmission and money service business licences work. No matter where you are headquartered, if you move money for customers of state X without licencing in state X you get keel-hauled. The *difference* is that the NYS Bitlicence *can't be issued to you in the first place* unless you extend these draconian measures to every aspect of your business and to every customer globally.
@_date: 2015-05-07 20:47:49


So how *could* a miner guarantee the inclusion of every transaction above a given fee when the number that would qualify is greater than the number that will fit in the available block, hmm?
When the block constrains how many transactions you can include, a miner *cannot* make any such guarantee, even if they try.
@_date: 2014-09-03 05:10:10
Alright, so you're basically talking about a publicized withdrawal initiated via third party medium. There might be a slightly heightened attack surface versus logging directly into their site to perform a withdrawal in the ordinary manner, but otherwise that sounds like a fine feature to me.
At first I thought you were talking about a way to advertise to other people that they can changetip you to a bitcoin address, which sounded redundant. :P
@_date: 2014-02-25 15:49:12
Correct; if and only if properly substantiated. I guarantee an HTML code snippet is not enough for an upswing manipulation, but it can still potentially be putting a bug in people's ears for later announcements.
Regardless of *why* it is there, the fact that a company that clears it's twitter stream would bother with such a ham-handed attempt at  ARG clarifies that they're just doing a poor job at trying to be manipulative.
@_date: 2015-05-27 03:43:06
I am sorry, but it doesn't *matter* how *any* floating fee algorithm works once the blocks congest.
**Either** your tx is in the top 1,000 (~1kb per txn, 1,000kb per MB), **or** your transaction is not included in the block. Did your algorithm decide that 0.1BTC would be a nice fee? Too bad: the next thousand transactions (with or without algorithms) all chose numbers higher than that (you know, because otherwise they would never beat you into the block) and now you are SOL.
Plus, no matter what fee algorithm guides their hand, every transaction posted after yours during a period where more than 1,000 tx are competing per block is guaranteed to eject yours, even from subsequent blocks, and *none* of those fees or algorithms mean a damned thing to the people submitting tx directly to the miners so that you (and your algorithm) ever get to even see what you are competing against from the past.
@_date: 2015-05-07 21:39:25


More free space to do bad things in by definition means nothing in the local time table if the existing free space to do bad things in is not presently being abused.
If it *were* being abused, then every tea partier with a boner for full blocks would already see what a nightmare it is to try to submit any transaction into a network with unreliable clearing times.
@_date: 2015-05-22 20:32:50
What's the TeamViewer exploit? I like that program, and while I don't have any BTC wallets in particular that would be vulnerable to it I'd still love to know if there is some new way to abuse the program I should protect myself from. :(
@_date: 2014-02-28 15:30:54
Are you suggesting that a company would be held liable for *withholding* a Canary? 
Basically, a gag order is not a fabrication order. 
@_date: 2015-05-27 01:57:11
I'm.. not arguing that it won't, but you either trace the path of the ball thrown to you so that you can catch it or you take a pitch to the face and you break your nose. How on Earth are those two outcomes difficult to choose between? õ_O
There either exists an incentive to burn money moving your funds onto a different chain than you already normally use just to move a large chunk of funds (that the cheaper chain would have happily moved for you inexpensively instead), or there does not exist such an incentive and the entire idea is nonsense.
@_date: 2015-05-02 23:01:28


Incorrect. Neglecting to hand over your private key *when issued a search warrant, subpoena, or at trial* is a criminal offense. None of those circumstances are pre-requisite to civil asset forfeiture, which is the meat and potatoes of the difference.
US LEO thieves are not about to spend their time pressing charges against you and generating paperwork to make their own lives more difficult when the next schmuck who wanders into their reach  is liable to have a pocket full of cash they can seize with zero oversight, instead.
@_date: 2014-02-01 06:17:16
What isn't.
Malware driveby advertisements, no review process to prevent malware being hosted as a project. When I modded this sub I had to ban sourceforge links because people kept trying to link hosted virus executables from there. :(
@_date: 2014-02-24 11:30:48
You don't have to. The Jury will just get the image that the candy was tainted by all of the Bitcoin residue and that kids were getting high off of it. What makes you think the jury would be made out of ancaps?
I don't know if I've ever heard a position more desperate than "People should do what I want, because even though it's illegal they can always count on a nullification to vindicate my advice!" xD
@_date: 2014-12-14 04:45:01
The land illustration falls apart because land has use-value per square foot. If a Bitcoiner needs to transact $1,000 USD (or 1 oz gold, or whatever) worth of bitcoin then he's not too worried sending 1 BTC or 1 million BTC or 1 milliBTC. But when you buy land you absolutely *need* a certain number of square feet to live in or work in or house your factory. :J
@_date: 2015-05-20 00:39:11


I never missed it, it's simply not relevant. What the hell last mile costs exist for one bank to debit your account at another bank **in the same country** and **using the same currency** that would not exist equally as well if you used an ATM at the same bank, or just walked into **either bank** and wrote a check against your account for free?
That is the last mile cost we are discussing, after all: the ATMs charge you $3 because they are fast, convenient, and normally available 24/7 while the clerks charge you nothing, but still somehow get paid $20+/hr.
Bitcoin can resolve all of the "that bank is *technically* owned by the same parent company as this bank, but we've put up artificial boundaries just to make up new excuses to charge you when you travel to the other side of town" cronyism by allowing *any* ATM operator to instantly and automatically be 100% certain of receipt of electronic funds from you so that it can dispense cash and charge as fees absolutely nothing but real costs of running the machine.
Today, with brand new tech in an uncertain regulatory environment and low volume of demand, the cost of that exact business model deployed in the wild by companies who do *not* have the resources or deep pockets of a bank, is shaping up to be a "not putting anybody out of business yet" 5-7%. As it matures and use picks up, that cost is liable to fall towards the cost of running just about any vending machine, which is precisely what has *not* happened to the Bank ATM.
@_date: 2015-05-06 20:37:42
My reply to your concern about a tragedy of the commons should the subsidy drop without blocks filling [was posted here](
@_date: 2015-05-26 20:01:32


If the change is in the changelog, and it's the hottest topic in every relevant forum and irc channel for 6 months, and then somebody offers them a new version of the software *and* they install it *and* they do not change back the specific feature, then in what universe are you suggesting that they failed to notice anything they actually gave a damn about?
Hell, if any miners ever are actually that dull then what we *should* be offering them is a patched copy of the software that sends all of the mining rewards that *they* specifically mine to a static address I own, or something. They will probably mine themselves into bankruptcy handing me every cent of revenue prior to ever stopping to wonder what is actually happening in these complicated computer box things they bought.
@_date: 2015-05-27 02:25:22
My only objection to caps is that they lead to block congestion. The algo I just mentioned would specifically be desined to avoid block congestion, thus I have no beef with it.
I'd be curious what your "horrible idea for other reasons" pitch would be, but I get the feeling that it is "block congestion is my medicine", in which case my curiosity would immediately wane.
@_date: 2015-05-14 03:46:32
Because the effects are ambient. There exists no way to "subscribe" to benefits like:
* herd immunity
* national defense
* an educated populace
* a publicly connected road system.
Yet those benefits uniformly applied to a geographic region enjoy dominant game theoretical results over:
* "selective" national defense. National defense costs can be described as a function of the length of the border you have to defend. When every subscribing house is it's own border, costs would rise asymptotically.
* "selective" firefighting. Every non-subscribing house on fire endangers their subscribing neighbors, which either undercuts the motive to subscribe if your house will burn down anyway or it undercuts the motive to subscribe if your house wouldn't have been allowed to burn down anyway.
* "selective" vaccination. Every unvaxed person invites mutation that defeats all existing vaccines.
* Private road systems. Transactional friction, information dissemination problems figuring out what destinations you can even *reach* given the road-keepers you presently pay off, unexpected travel turning into a nightmare of red tape and gouging third parties, etc.
* "Selective" education: your life is put in danger by the stupidity of those around you whose families didn't see any reason to pay the toll to learn how to get along with others or operate within the parameters of reality.
But feel free to keep not understanding why relatively successful strategies in the first world continue to outcompete the "natural" lawlessness of Somalia. Or why all of the good land is owned by states instead of "superior" stateless organizations that can never even gain the ground that Bitcoin as a currency already has. 
Just remember that you are no more entitled to judge my way of life against your fictional, "maybe some day in the future when we figure everything out" utopia any more than I would have a leg to stand on to judge you based on a fictional religious text written hundreds to thousands of years in the past.
@_date: 2015-05-29 01:42:57
Anything that distracts his irrational interest to shitpost on reddit is fine by me.
@_date: 2015-05-06 05:45:09
For one, while you can purchase game tokens and tickets for cash they do not guarantee any redeemable cash value to buy them back off of you.
This is also the tack that Linden Labs took after the Mar 2013 Fincen guidance came out. They changed their TOS to clarify that Linden Dollars have no cash value, and that their activity of buying back Linden Dollars is neither guaranteed nor waranteed. One day they may no longer buy them back, they refuse to buy from whomever they choose, etc.
@_date: 2014-11-16 07:16:22
Move money to some sufficiently well respected (but more gambling friendly) Ewallet. Withdraw from Ewallet to final destination.
The funds you withdraw aren't tainted by the same addresses as your deposits, it's just debited from your ledger with them.
Aside from that, "the company's reserves" should at the very least not succumb to address reuse (BIP0032 is our friend), or else maybe you should gamble at somewhere a little bit less ameture? x3
I'll bet the *real* reason that coinbase knows is that gambling outfits do not handle their own bitcoin finances, they just use non-US merchant services and they're all sharing data behind the scenes or something.
@_date: 2014-12-18 22:14:08
Yeah but it also advertises WU at &lt;5% (to another country and after currency conversion?) when WU themselves advertise exactly 5% to transfer within the US, so *same* country with *no* currency conversion.
Thus I think this world bank list is simply borked.
@_date: 2015-05-20 05:19:13


I have a friend who's sister's husband's gardener's former college room mate *might not* be able to be described by that statement.
Which proves nothing past how expert they are at concealing it.
@_date: 2014-09-03 08:22:23
So your concern is more that she is wealthy and lost something of dubious value, and something that could be easily missed among her many excesses, instead of the mechanics of her wrongdoing?
EG, were her bank account hacked into your blase attitude would be identical given that thieves made off with but a fraction of her wealth? 
Alternately whenever an impoverished single mother attempting to make ends meet via modeling has her career destroyed, contacts soured due to a stalker ex leaking her nudes then that is at least a negative in your book?
@_date: 2014-02-09 05:28:11
You believe that a rumor about Blockchain.info purposefully misleading Apple app store review staff is true based on nothing more than the fact that some other app got allowed? 
I wrote more than three words because you are endorsing a serious allegation, that others in this thread are parroting as gospel by the way, with absolutely zero basis in fact. If your goal was merely to say "here is where the rumor started", then so be it and I'd be grateful for the heads up. But instead it's "If you connect these very basic dots, it's fairly obvious why the app was removed". 
@_date: 2014-02-27 00:54:59


Target and Whole foods do via [Gyft](


Give it time. Personally I'm just waiting for Kroger to climb on board, since they sell groceries *and* gas. :P  In the meantime though, [this guy]( on Localbitcoins will order things online for you, including Kroger Gift Cards, that can buy you both groceries and gas.
LBC may cost a few percent more than Coinbase, but depending on how IRS rules shake out you might not wind up owing capital gains on personal purchases vs cashing back out to USD.
I'm curious though, what do you think a gift card even *is*? To me, a gift card is a business giving you an IOU. Normally with plaintext account identifier: meaning you cannot hand it to a third party without the new party taking the risk you'll empty the card's value before they get to use it. 
Bitcoin is not an IOU from any business. It is a digital commodity. Bitcoin was designed to be a supremely safe asset to transfer to a third party and for them to trust that it is now really and utterly under their control.
If the only similarity you want to focus on is "not accepted everywhere", then you're lumping Gold Coin into the Gift Certificate column too. 8I
@_date: 2014-12-22 12:38:11
The issue is that these walls are not ridiculously thick. In fact, they stop short of the precise thickness Schneier prescribes as "enough".
His warning is against people thinking they will get added security from *greater* than 256 bits of brute forcing keyspace, which as his quote in OP image clarifies would represent an utter waste.
This image may not make it clear that they are only discussing one avenue of attack (which I'll agree is a disservice), but they do properly join with the spirit of the quote they lifted from Schneier that *at least this avenue of attack* (blind brute forcing) is unassailable in a matter that *loads* of newbies will not immediately appreciate.
Every damned week, somebody posts in here that "they've figured out how to break bitcoin!" or "Why should I even trust this thing?!" and then they go on to describe the blind brute forcing attack (which they literally just re-imagined from scratch) because they *honestly* don't internalize that 2^256 is larger than 2*256, let alone some of the truly Eldritch properties of numbers that are really that big.
The value of this basic image is to inculcate into *those* people in one stroke how the law of big numbers operates. I even think it does a good job of *reinforcing* Schneier's warning sign  as his original quote also did, because you *know* that more bits are never going to matter any more.
@_date: 2014-07-20 02:44:25
Meh, they could always use Bitpay or BIPS to satisfy foreign purchases if converting to foreign fiat is so important for them.
@_date: 2014-08-28 20:32:53
The only difference between a well designed one-way hash and a well designed two-way encryption algo is that the encryption algo is designed to allow long strings of information to be brought **back** from an encrypted state using a comparatively short encryption key.
Do you need long strings of information to be brought back, to be *decrypted* when you are trying to securely store a password? No, you do not. All you need is to hash the password you have received and compare that with the hash you have on file.
If an attacker roots your auth server, they have to hash every potential possibility of a user's password to compare with the hash on file, just like you would. This is a brute force or dictionary attack. Rainbow tables cannot be used against a hashing scheme once you add a salt. [Key Stretching]( hashes are also an industry standard to gain ground against making the work of a brute force attack even harder with minimal impact on authentication services.
If you encrypt your hashed and salted password, then either you must leave your encryption *key* in cleartext on the auth server so that it can *decrypt* the hash every time it needs to be used (or every time the auth server boots, and then left in cleartext in RAM, available to heartbleed, etc) or else information supplied by the third party (such as the user's password) has to be used as part of the key material, which would add no security to the hash given that breaking the first wall instantly unlocks the second wall (dictionary attack to brute force the encryption key tells them the exact password so no more brute forcing would be required to solve the hash).
So you have not succeeded in recommending any way that a two-way encryption algorithm could be employed to enhance authentication security at the auth storage endpoint.
@_date: 2014-01-11 02:01:00


You do the work yourself or you pay somebody else to do it for you. Bitcoin is wonderful because it makes doing it yourself *possible*, but by gum it also makes blowing your own legs off possible so I don't smirk at those who want a buffer between them and the moving parts. xD


I'm the opposite, I'm hoping to hell they don't go out of business in the face of juggernaut Coinbase. Who needs Verotel when they've just got done signing on Overstock.com? 8I


Yep, that's the point of them. Sugar coating over the pill is a *good* thing. Businesses who want to accept bitcoin? Verotel, Coinbase or Bitpay sure as hell aren't stopping them. In fact the latter two offer an ass-ton of tools to accept hybrid amounts and transition into 100% bitcoin (at further reduced fees!!) should you choose. Want to re-invent the wheel and do it all inhouse; rely on nobody's service but your own? You can do that too.
But *why* would you do that unless your in-house tech team and server farm can outperform a multi-million dollar payment processor and you'll never f$%# up the txn outputs or get hacked or screw your cold wallet or the 99^99 ways a person can lose a fortune in one Bitcoin slip up? It's fun to do things yourself for a hobby, and it's incalculably valuable how accessible this platform is to anyone bold enough to try.. but it's kind of silly to expect everyone to roll their own POS solution just because it's at least technically possible to do so.
@_date: 2014-12-03 00:46:51


Show me which perfectly serviceable bank allows me to trade money I've deposited there back and forth instantly for Bitcoin.
Basically this allows Coinbase to offer a service similar to that of an exchange, albiet the only counterparty to trade with is Coinbase itself. You can deposit and withdraw USD (with 5 day ACH delay), deposit and withdraw BTC, and buy and sell instantly with a decently low fee (~1% and spread).
@_date: 2015-05-02 22:53:05


Please take another look at the topic. Are you even aware what civil forfeiture is? It has absolutely nothing to do with collecting taxes owed, and everything to do with legalizing outright theft of low hanging fruit by law enforcement agents.
* Cash in hand is a low-hanging fruit: An officer can easily physically remove it from your property with zero oversight and then you are shit up a creek. Law enforcement will then use the confiscated money as their own, no questions asked.
* Bank accounts are less low hanging: law enforcement would have to at least issue a subpeona to freeze your account, and thereafter they do not even personally have access to your funds.
* Bitcoin, or any other asset LEO cannot find or take physical ownership over, is the least low hanging fruit. They would both have to issue a warrant and then apply pressure against you (arrest you, process you, basically go to a lot of effort) just to try to coerce you into giving up the asset.
Here, [watch John Oliver's explanation of the phenomena]( if you don't believe me. :P
@_date: 2014-10-09 21:31:46
But you are misunderstanding the context of his quote.
This is within a subjunct which he started with "Today I've had three phonecalls from VISA fraud prevention..". He is directly attacking the viability of *today's* pull-based credit card system.
With this quote he is not directly speaking to "bitcoin + id", but he is explaining how today's ID-based system is so unabashedly inferior to Bitcoin out of the box that we can't pretend that there is really anything worth adopting out of the old system.
@_date: 2014-12-08 22:00:27
Perchaps, but being able to choose *which* charity has got to be important as well. ;3
Wikileaks would do well to go on that list though! :D
@_date: 2014-03-25 23:41:54
That math only sketches out if you assume that the only bitcoin sales will be lost credit card sales. If adding Bitcoin payment mechanism means that people can pay in Bitcoin who may have been unbanked, or in a country Paypal doesn't support (I'd love to see more minecraft going on in Iran!), or blackballed by Paypal, or who just hate paypal more than they want a copy of Minecraft.. then total revenue of those sales could count against whatever imagined support expense would occur.
@_date: 2014-09-18 22:05:27
I'm sorry, were we discussing selling people something they already had? I must have missed a post.
I recall discussing selling something that takes a little bit of work to get, and that either that little bit of work is worth paying the X% premium or it's worth *doing the little bit of work yourself* instead.
For example, maybe the only or best way to get BTC in that region is to wire funds to Bitstamp et al and exchange for BTC. All well except wire costs fixed $35-50 per transfer. If you are buying $100 worth of BTC, that's a 35% markup. If you are buying $5,000 it's only 0.7% markup. And then you've got Bitstamp's commission etc, so probably a little over 1% your expense plus your time and effort to do all of this.
Then you can resell that BTC locally for a lot less than 35% to people who only want $100 worth of BTC at a time.
@_date: 2014-10-29 23:01:01
So long as they don't know who *you* are, why should that matter? Them "tracking" transactions is no more meaningful than the blockchain itself "tracking" transactions.
Of course they hold one of the signatures, that is the point of "multisig": that both you *and* they would have to be compromised by the same actor before your funds could be co-opted. 
@_date: 2014-07-25 02:34:29
There are words that indicate that the money movement in question represents financing of illegal activity which is responsible for violence against innocent people. Shockingly you are perfectly capable of labeling a movement of money as such without using a complete sentence or even proper punctuation or spelling.
@_date: 2014-07-20 02:06:15
Fork it to github and remove all of the requirements, replace it with something like "NY state taxes are now payable in Bitcoin". x3
@_date: 2014-01-05 15:31:11
Did it sound like I was offering stock advice? All I did was opine that the old stock advice saw paradoxically helps even in cases where somebody else *has already claimed* your buy-in money. :P
@_date: 2014-06-05 06:20:02
[Once the attacker is that close to you]( you're inviting a lot worse than a whack on the head by withholding your password from them.
@_date: 2014-12-17 23:35:48


The only people I see branded as trolls are the ones that earn that distinction by moaning about how terrible and flawed Bitcoin is and who insult people under the bare pretense that they exist in this sub without joining the butt brigade fecal feeding parties.
As for bad news, I always see that discussed. BCI address exploit? Tx malleability? Ghash flirting with 51%? The twice daily bitch-fest about blocksize limits?  Bad news gets every bit as much coverage as vindicating news. Factually irrelevant bullshit, repetition and insults are what gets downvoted into the dustbin.
@_date: 2014-10-21 20:34:43
San Fran Drescher
@_date: 2014-04-04 20:01:58
Ah ha! I can see that the Trezor attached a 0.0001 BTC fee to that send. :3
@_date: 2014-09-18 23:55:45
Umm..... you can trade in either direction on LBC.
@_date: 2014-07-02 07:32:20
If your figures were so important you should have published them in an easier to access form than "some comment somewhere".
Hell, I don't even have a blog but whenever I find or generate/source a statistic that feels reusable I keep it in a text file dedicated to salient talking points.
@_date: 2014-02-11 22:54:05
didn't say "spend change from" he said "use ids of" unconfirmed transactions. To fill in, he meant "use absense of ids from unconfirmed transactions in the blockchain as proof the transaction never executed". Bitcoin-qt/d does *not* evince the same problem.
EDIT: Was pointed to [this discussion of the matter on Reddit]( that might have been what you meant, yes?
@_date: 2015-05-06 20:15:30
Nope. Transaction fees will increase whenever it becomes sufficiently popular for miners to draw a line in the sand in order to cover their operating costs as the subsidy slowly declines over time. This has no relation to the artificial scarcity of a hardcoded maximum block size.
Compare with renting hotel rooms. You own a hotel. Every night you have 100 rooms "to fill". Do you optimize filling them at all costs, or do you set a retail price for your rooms high enough that you can cover your costs even when they don't fill, but not higher than the market will bear, and then actively *turn away business* when people offer you half what you are asking at 3am to rent an unoccupied room?
That's right: you set a retail price instead of bending over to try to pick up every penny and training your customers to undervalue your stock.
@_date: 2015-05-20 04:50:41
It's like being on the cast of [Too Many Cooks]( :B
@_date: 2014-02-18 22:48:44
Depends on payment method and where you live. I patronize LBC and I've never paid 7% for it. :o
@_date: 2014-07-09 09:44:52
Why would a propensity to engage in sex for money change whether or not somebody would endanger their paycheck from you to sell out the company?
Are you imagining that arbitrarily selected sex-negative people will just cling lovingly to their jobs when green bills get waved under their noses? Money motivates all people, and nobody values their employer more than their virginity.
@_date: 2014-02-23 17:43:28
From my view, the primary foundation of Bitcoin's value is that it is a payment platform which allows, at minimum, any party to hold wealth by means of information security alone (eg, your "private key" is nothing but a secret integer 256 bits long. Store that on paper, in your head, on your mobile phone, deploy secret-sharing, the possibilities are dizzying), and allows any two parties with even meager internet access to be able to voluntarily exchange said value *without requiring any financial counterparties whatsoever* and without any basic requirement for either trading party to know the identity of the other aside from payment request details and pseudonymous receiving address.
This means that if you *want* a counterparty, such as an escrow provider, eWallet or Merchant Processor then you are welcome to add them. However nobody *has* to be locked into any given service provider. If you *want* to verify the identity of the person you are transacting with, then go ahead. But, for example, if you don't need their street address to sell them a digital good then nobody is going to force you to enter one.
Compare with Paypal. To pay a merchant with Paypal, you have to sign up for and use a Paypal account as well. If you're in a country paypal doesn't serve, then that merchant becomes completely inaccessible to you. If the otherwise legal transaction runs afoul of Paypal's terms of service (eg, one-size-fits-all liability or risk management policies) then, again, *neither* end can use that processor.
Contrast with Bitcoin. If a merchant accepts my funds through BIPS.net, but I already have a relationship with Coinbase and don't want to sign up for BIPS, then why should I? Coinbase debits my bank account, sends bitcoin to BIPS, BIPS deposits the probably entirely different fiat into merchant's bank account and the entire process sees 2% or less in fees total even though it doesn't wind up in the same currency that was paid.
Finally, Bitcoin is also a *software platform*, that allows the above feature set to be made available to anybody who does the due diligence to incorporate their software into the network. Physically handling bitcoin does not require permission from an incumbent banking network (with their obvious conflict of interest), and this low barrier to entry means that anyone with a brilliant idea can just hit the ground running. 
It is nearly impossible to counterfeit against the authentication of reference client running on mediocre hardware (contrast with [USD]( or [precious metals]( spending it does not open you up to identity theft, low fees, nearly instant settlement 24/7 and even during banking holidays (compare to ACH 3-6 days or wire's 1-2 weeks). Smart contracts. M-of-N escrow. And it's an *open* platform, so tomorrow heaven knows what clever crap somebody will dream up that you could never pull off with traditional currencies.
One of my favorite innovations?
+3 mbtc
Paypal made a name for themselves because you could send money to an email address. I don't even have to know your email address. :P
@_date: 2014-12-03 00:33:06
"A little bit of leavening leavens the entire loaf", as they say. ;)
The real difference is that while Coinbase's backing bank may default due to it's own error, customers are not exposed to the additional risk of Coinbase defaulting due to a run against it's own incomplete assets.
@_date: 2015-05-16 01:01:47
Cocosoft's point is that at the very least "similar bugs" would not be able to mint new coins out of thin air (even small amounts of them) without hundreds of automated scripts firing off an alarm "wait, this block somehow minted more than 25 BTC!" or "As of this blockheight, the number of total BTC unspent outputs is greater than 25 + the last blockheight!"
@_date: 2015-05-27 23:44:31
Then people will keep handing you new blocks endorsing the short chain (which you at least shallowly verify so you can at least confirm the volume of legitimate PoW in this 5TB's legacy) until it gets long enough to take seriously again, and you may have to restart the download of the large block. You're still mining the now (apparently) losing chain until the 5TB block download actually completes, because you cannot risk endorsing what you have not personally verified.
Since you kept the large block's *header*, you can still keep up to date with such drama even if it dates back years. But you do *not* need to have or keep the bodies of blocks from orphaned chains if you feel like the resources involved in downloading them exceed the value of having to do so later divided by the likelihood that an orphan chain 6-10 blocks stale will suddenly leap ahead of the legitimate chain: an event which can only happen (and maintain it's luck long enough to matter, EG long enough to force you to finish the download) anyway in the *very specific* instance where the creator of the 5TB block already holds a supermajority of mining power.
You know what? I've got a more interesting question for you. A way to recreate all of the fears that you cite in a manner that no cap ever could save you from.
Instead of a 5TB block, let's say it's a 500kb block.
But the miner who produced it [tarpits]( everyone who tries to download it, so that the download takes every bit as long as a 5TB download at reasonable speed would.
Unlike the 5TB block, you cannot force peers to re-broadcast it slowly like you did. But it hardly matters since no peer can ever get a 5TB block from you, and then somehow magically give it 6-10 blocks of additional PoW unless they are **both** A&gt; colluding with you **and** B&gt; combined, you have far more than 51% network power. So if the outcome is impossible without their collusion then it's far easier to get them to collude to help tarpit your 512kb block to whoever isn't in on the conspiracy than it is to ever actually handle or mess with a 5TB block and wait around for caps to lift so that you can try to send it.
@_date: 2015-05-22 02:16:10
I was starting to wonder, I don't get RL cake until tomorrow after all.
Had to check my calendar and everything. I mean, The Ethernet Standard gets his wires in a knot if I don't get a present to *him* on time! D:
@_date: 2015-05-20 01:00:34
Problem is, you can lead someone by the hand to set them up with Paypal, where the Paypal to Paypal part is fast if potentially expensive (3% for person to person in same currency, same country), but then delayed when trying to move back to your bank account, and if you *do* convert to a different currency at the other end of the remittance you get to add 8% to their ordinary fees. That is, assuming the country at either end is even supported by Paypal (or by [the back-end financial infrastructure]( it in turn relies upon!) to begin with.
Or you can push them towards Bitcoin, where the fees are certainly lower than *any* of that hogwash, 1% per end to exchange with local fiat in developed countries and I've never seen it higher than 4% in any country in particular. Philippines to Spain is less than 5% both ends combined, for example. And if you have a Bitcoin debit card (as offered by [Xapo]( [CCEDK]( [Coinkite]( et al .. I have not tested and thus do not endorse any specific debit solution, I just know there are tons available worth checking out), then funds are accessible as fiat immediately upon receipt.


Right, so is this a product of demand, or of smaller txn being punished by fees? When you're importing money into a country where people live on less than $1/day, or from countries where immigrants are trying to keep themselves fed and clothed on minimum wage, $50 can represent quite a chunk of cash and amounts greater than that may even rate as dangerous to travel with.
So, look at it this way: WU, Paypal and traditional banking try to target the wealthiest sectors of a population first. Few large transactions are encouraged over many small ones, wealthy countries have it easier to transact while less wealthy countries are left out. This is pretty common for when any for-profit oligopoly runs a financial network: why make it easy (or even possible) to do something they won't profit from above opportunity costs?
But Bitcoin is an absolutely agnostic protocol that requires nothing but bare (and quite mediocre) access to the generic worldwide telecommunications grid to use. Companies which trade in or exchange Bitcoin do not require a global presence, or offices and relationships at both ends of a remittance because Bitcoin is already available everywhere and can do that back-end heavy lifting for anybody who wants to handle it.
Compare using a railroad to ship (telling misnomer, there..) where you have to own or lease or build all of the track from point A to point B just to move goods with using an Actual Ship, traveling down publicly shared bodies of water and depending on the ship or volume can leave port belonging to one party and later dock at port belonging to any other party. On of these is a lot more apt to cronyism and monopoly than the other one.
@_date: 2014-12-22 22:04:04
You're making .. a lot of very strange assumptions here. You thought that paypal was safe?


What this sounds like to me is that you've [never played Minecraft](


never banked with [Chase/JPMorgan]( never shopped at [Target]( or [The Home Depot]( [Staples]( or bought products from [Sony Entertainment]( or dozens of other merchants who have fumbled sensitive customer financial information in the past *year* that I can't even think of off the top of my head right now.
You've never had somebody learn your SSN and mother's maiden name or steal a utility bill to commit identity theft against you (how can the bank keep your funds safe if they can't even prove that you are *you*?), never sold products that erstwhile customers reverse months after receiving your product by emailing Paypal or phoning up their credit card provider to say nothing more than "I never authorized that payment. Must have been hacked. Whoopsie, doopsie!".
In 1998 I went on a business trip and paid for the honor bar at the hotel with my debit card. The hotel screwed up and charged every room for every person attending that convention at that hotel to my debit card instead, which both emptied and overdrew my bank balance. The hotel refused to correct things on their side, and my bank said they were unable to do anything about it regardless of my receipt documenting the precise amount I was *supposed* to be billed, because "the money was already gone" and the hotel used a different bank. My company eventually had to re-imburse me the lost amount, plus bank fees. They got paid back by one of the other 3 companies who had employees staying there and had to eat the rest, to the tune of $5,000 because it turned out that would be cheaper than trying to sort everything out in court.
In order to appreciate that Bitcoin can be safer, you have to have an understanding that the traditional banking system and Paypal are nowhere near perfect to begin with. Once you are on board with that, the promise of Bitcoin is that *you* have the option of making your finances safe, by way of nothing more than keeping a private key secret.
If Mojang accepted Bitcoin payments through a payment processor like Bitpay or BIPS, he would be sent either his Bitcoin or Fiat proceeds daily. Their topology has no concept of "suspicious withdrawals" because they push the funds to you automatically, so his funds would have never been in danger of being manhandled.
If Target or Staples or Home Depot or Sony had accepted Bitcoin payments, then no customers using that avenue would have been endangered by *any* database hacks at the merchant, because paying in Bitcoin does not give the receiving party all of the information they need to *impersonate* you and make future payments without your consent, like Credit Cards do. Bitcoin payments do not even require your name or contact information just to process.
If I had been able to pay that hotel in Bitcoin (ignoring the obvious anachronism), it would have been exactly like paying in cash insofar as no mistake they could possibly make would lead to my account being drained. What I give them would be exactly what I give them, end of story. Of course I *could have* paid them in cash at the time, but just like you do today I felt like I was invincible wielding my plastic wherever I went.
Bitcoin leaves a user with greater responsibility than the traditional financial system does, but so long as you own up to that responsibility, it is potentially quite a lot safer.
@_date: 2015-05-08 23:03:43


Here is what's going to happen. **If** the block size limit gets reached, **then** transactions will delay arbitrarily and sometimes eventually fail by an utterly unpredictable pattern. It's basically like every transaction gets a lottery ticket, and if they win the txn fails.
Users can dig into the internals of their wallet software that have not been optimized for a situation like this, if they'd like, and they can arbitrarily choose to sacrifice larger and larger sums of money to the gods if they choose. But a majority of people who do not will not understand why their txn are failing, and assume that bitcoin is just "broken" somehow.
They will bitch in the forums, and what will you personally tell them? "You didn't set your txn fee high enough"? They will ask how high you are supposed to set it, what will you tell them then? Whatever value you offer, unless they move the decimal point one or two places out of paranoia they *will* see the problem happen again.
So, half of the users will ragequit because the system has literally stopped working from their perspective, and the other half will rapidly grow resentment over the stupid amounts of money they throw away on tx fees just to arbitrarily try beat everybody else who is following the same strategy.
For what reason is this an acceptable outcome to accommodate so-called "average" consumers (with less than 56k network speeds and/or slower than Windows XP hardware) running a node for a network that they *demonstrably* are too impoverished to actually offer up the tx fees it takes to participate in?
If we have to choose between paying literally "I am more elite than you" fees versus paying to run sufficiently good hardware and have sufficiently good network connectivity to support the protocol, then I think the latter is by far a more egalitarian outcome.
@_date: 2014-09-24 23:22:00
I don't know where to find it right now, but 2 out of the 50 states do not press any state-level MSB licencing requirements.
@_date: 2014-12-18 22:33:28


Lol, "This is confusing Google Translate" but I got it. xD
@_date: 2014-08-07 01:50:39


You put words in my mouth: where did I complain about a machine being dehumanized?
I did describe how you had left the topic area, and I did describe how even in your description the machine is "being treated like a machine" which one should view as appropriate for automata while entirely inappropriate were a coerced meatbag in it's place.


You've left topic of discussion again. Your original reply was to [this comment]( that explicitly desired to opt *out* of such an arrangement, which you called out as basically a first world problem and then asked 'How is it "dehumanizing" to be paid by the minute?' In the context of original poster expressing *disinterest* in being treated this way, I offered some illustration.
Perhaps you are thrusting for the ability for people to volunteer for a different payment schedule, but I think the opposition side stems from concern of being pressured not to opt out: On par with not being on call now that cellphones are ubiquitous. I assure you nobody on our side of the debate has the primary goal of depriving you of a work pattern you might prefer, our primary concern is not being drawn inexorably in ourselves as though one's clothing got caught in a chain-feed. :/
@_date: 2014-03-14 19:29:37


When talking about Government issued fiat, it is possible for depositors to withdraw more money than is held by the bank, the bank will simply allow them to withdraw newly issued fiat indefinitely. This prevents a bank run.
Bitcoin, on the other hand is a strictly accounted asset whose issuance cannot be distorted to suit the desires of lending institutions to engage in lending where the risk is borne by the country instead of the institution deciding whether or not to lend.
Try FRB in Bitcoin, and you will invite a run.
@_date: 2014-03-06 11:43:01
Alright.. so I've described moving a hot wallet onto dedicated, directly owned hardware situated behind a firewall such that it has no path to interact with the outside world save for running the algorithmically checked spends directed by the customer website.
Please describe what sort of zero-day exploit attack angle is concerning you in this scenario, and then how you would prefer to set up a *hot* wallet.
@_date: 2014-08-05 00:29:33
Unless the debt itself is denominated in devaluating fiat. Then all you're doing is basically shorting the fiat. ;3
@_date: 2014-09-03 01:06:43


What he means is "requires no single, administrative third party". Bitcoin's mining and node networks fail that criteria. "The Bitcoin Network", for example cannot blackball people or freeze accounts.
@_date: 2015-05-27 02:21:54
They can. Which is one demonstration of the fact that restaurants are not decentralized or distributed entities.
Did you forget the topic we were discussing, or are you going to pitch to me that Bitcoin is exactly as innovative as Burger King?
@_date: 2015-05-09 05:02:05
How is demanding to be paid what you are worth disingenuous? 
Absolutely every market already works this way. Every person who sells any good or service *could* theoretically gain market share by cannibalizing their own opportunity cost and charging exactly their expenses plus one penny, but precisely zero market actors do that.
Because those who do go out of business.
If you assume that absolutely every miner (in a subsidy free environment) encourages 1 satoshi tx fees gutting their image tomorrow in order to gain 5% revenue today, then they would succeed in training self-interested users to underpay them and all miners would go out of business. But so long as *some* miners sacrifice 5% of the dust offered them today in order to remain profitable tomorrow, then users are incentivized to pay a reasonable tx fee because a&gt; it's still cheap, and b&gt; nobody wants their tx delayed in case *that* miner is next at bat.
That is all it takes to get the ball rolling. Remember, whoever draws their line in the sand merely needs to advertise it loudly in order to create an impression of danger to people who underpay. Any other miner can choose to join under this banner if they would like to amplify the effect and keep users from getting complacent. Do you think that "hur hur I love pennies" miners will advertise asking people to pay *less*? Hell no, raising tides lift their boats just as much.
This is a seller's game and sellers hate auctions. When is the last time you saw things auctioned on Ebay instead of just purchased at the buy it now price?
You tell *me* that mining is different than the hotel business, now describe how. If your place is not full, and you advertise $100/room but only pay $50/room marginal for cleaning and maintenance, then why *do you not* sell off your last rooms at 3am for $50.01? *Because then real customers would cheap out and try to get the $50.01 deal!* not to mention *the penny is not worth your opportunity cost* and you are better off leaving the room empty and unproductive but protecting the image of value.
@_date: 2015-05-22 01:46:43
Now have you tagged: promotes donation to scam charities as lifesaving measure. ;3
@_date: 2014-12-08 22:46:12
1. you do not have to take anything to verify your key is accurate: the point of signing algos is that anyone can verify the signature (and thus the signing tool) is accurate based on the pubkey (in this case, based on the bitcoin address) but only the holder of the tool can use it to create said signatures.
2. the goal of emptying the insecure addresses is to hopefully validate the real owner and until then to keep their funds safe from everyone *else* who will empty the broken address to their own purposes at a milisecond's notice.
@_date: 2015-05-29 03:30:16


That's tough to say given how few people really even grok the fundamental differences between cash and spendable IOU balances.
USD is the standard *between* fiat currencies *on a global stage*, but in each locale the standard is still the local fiat and the standard for remittance is still variations on "how to sacrifice my local fiat, here, so that they receive nearly equivalent value in their local fiat, over there".
It's worse still given how the greatest advantages to using Bitcoin to remit (eg, terrible rates at WU) also correspond with the lowest adoption of modern telecommunication technology and electronics. :/
My overarching point is that you cannot win the remittance war today without including the currency conversion at both ends in your price and your service offering, and that we need more and better killer apps than that to really see some more activity in our economy.
@_date: 2015-05-21 23:52:01


The problem is that the merchants we are discussing are not car companies. In this analogy, only Coinbase, Bitpay, coinkite, mycelium, LBC, and companies who have the core business model of finding new and innovative ways to interact with the bare metal of bitcoin are car companies.
The merchants we are discussing are merely *customers* who want their car to get them from point A to point B. How many people who *buy* a car to commute with do you expect to build their own car and weld every seam together with their bare hands, and then hope that the result does not malfunction halfway to Fresno and yank them off the road to a fiery death?
99.999% of car customers buy a car from the few dozen car companies. *Those* are the "payment processors", among other roles, who actually dig in and try new and risky things that all of their customers may then benefit from.
@_date: 2015-05-27 02:33:43
I'm not aware of any part of the system that *has* to be free, but the system does have to have relatively predictable prices and event timing. 
If we ran ten billion transactions per day (figure from another thread: 1 bil users averaging 10 tx per day) then running a node at 115mbps of data transfer and saving 3.65 petabytes of blockchain bloat per annum would certainly be costly. Most notably by today's standards (we worked out half a million USD per annum), though the costs would fall exponentially over time.
But that cost would be *predictable*, and if ten thousand SPV users each paid $50/annum to subscribe to a node (not to mention that ten thousand users per node go into a billion one hundred thousand times, which is still plenty of nodes!) then it would be a hell of a lot more difficult for that node to fuck with them than it would for an off-chain wannabe bank to fuck with it's customers by doing anything it likes to the ledger.
It would also be a *hell* of a lot cheaper and more reliable than $35-$50 wire-like fees *per transaction* with no guarantee that they would ever even post to begin with, or plugging your Trezor back in a thousand times to keep re-signing the transaction with higher fees until it finally wins the "burned the most money" lottery and sticks.
@_date: 2014-02-23 15:46:35
[Good luck with that](
@_date: 2014-12-15 22:35:03
Then you are confusing non-ownership with proof of non-ownership. Between the PC being hacked and the hacker being convicted of a crime either he would own the coins, or he would be guilty prior to being proven so.
@_date: 2015-05-15 00:40:38
[Calvin's Dad knows where it's at](
@_date: 2015-05-29 19:38:33
I don't have a monitor with that kind of resolution though.
If the Bitcoin 60 minute "man the network is slow today" conf was displayed as a pixel, Paypal and/or CC 6 month chargeback timeout bar would eat 2/3 of the width of one of those panoramic gigapixel images. :&lt;
@_date: 2014-12-16 12:34:08
I'm sorry Rydan, but the people he calls trolls are not bawling about how they're getting downvoted and how everybody in the sub are idiots or children and how terrible the sub is that they apparently can't do anything but comment in themselves.
*That* is how you identify a troll.
Well, that and a heavy presence in the ass-worship stalking reddit is another big clue.
@_date: 2014-07-10 20:57:33


Probably because growth costs money, just at a guess?
You do your customers a favor so long as you're cheaper than the competition. Once you're past that milestone, the higher your markup the market can bear the more you can survive uncertainty without outside capital, or the better talent you can hire or infrastructure you can build to offer even better services or lower your overhead in the future, etc.
The competition in this space is very fierce, so for all you know they may have had to scrimp and lay off some customer support to hit that 1% milestone.
@_date: 2014-10-09 21:19:48
"doesn't do" and "would love to have" are not mutually exclusive, though.
@_date: 2014-03-15 06:08:53
After everybody tells you "don't invest what you can't afford to lose" until they've gone hoarse, we have to assume you can hold whatever you do choose to invest for at least thirty days. Plus, I know precisely how bad 2011-2012 was for bitcoin, since that's when I rang in. I chose the "1 month value hold, 70% drop, 1 month sustained low" pattern specifically because no part of the graph, including 2011-2012, describes anything even remotely like that.
But like I said, the opposite of that happens all the god damned time.
@_date: 2014-01-16 21:05:07
I see trust as one of the challenges in remittance, though.
If you want to remit currency X in country X to currency Y in country Y, then you're going to need to build a point of presence in both countries. You'll need an office in X to serve those local customers, and one in Y to serve them. They'll need to be owned by the same organization or else there is no guarantee that one office won't default in debts to another since converting one fiat currency to another and then sending it is an expensive process that can take a week. A lot of debt can build up in that amount of time that an rogue office could just jump ship and take the proceeds with them.
With Bitcoin, virtually zero trust is required from different offices run by different administrative entities. Company A runs the office in country X, company B runs the office in country Y. Debts are settled instantly in BTC, and BTC&lt;-&gt;fiat balances at each office are kept equalized via whatever exchanges are available locally.
@_date: 2014-12-10 02:22:02
Overbidding the market price wouldn't matter, the only bit that would matter is whether the winners try to quickly liquidate or whether they hold. If they hold, no price change (because US govt had previously been holding) and to whatever extent they liquidate, it's sell pressure and they can only get whatever price the market offers. :3
@_date: 2014-10-27 21:58:16
* **Reasonable**: He is calling publications produced *by* the Federal Reserve and the Bank of England (EG: the very entities he is trying to defend) "conspiratard books"
* **Actually Educated**: he typed the words "I studied economics at a university" into an anonymous forum.
I'll tell you what I like on this sub: internal constistency and a little less [argument from authority](
@_date: 2014-02-21 01:21:45
Then at the risk of offending your sense of petulance, I honestly think this may help so I'm offering it. You're welcome to give it a go if you choose.
+1 mbtc
@_date: 2014-12-19 01:35:25


From a technical standpoint I would be happy with this, something like "reserve funds for immediate withdrawal" which would fail if the hot wallet were dry prior to starting the sendbitcoins.mx deposit process.
OTOH from a usability perspective it would be far superior for people who are just trying to remit instead of rebuild the engine of a moving car (which you or I might do just for fun :P) if sendbitcoins.mx and Coinbase had an arrangement such that you could spend directly out of your bank account from coinbase to prepare the funds at SBMX. Process done, all volatility avoided, skipping a number of addresses and QR codes to fiddle with, etc.
I don't think that would be a *terrible* amount of dev or logistics for the two companies. From Coinbase' perspective it's just like signing up another merchant, and from SBMX' perspective it would be just like signing up as a merchant. Also why would it be an undesirable direction if you're not forced to use that method? Everybody can still just dump Bitcoins in blankly. :3
@_date: 2014-09-29 23:13:41
Even if they didn't pass out bonuses, they could at least have emailed us to let us know registrations were open in case we weren't the kind to hang around seedy subs like this. x3
@_date: 2015-05-14 04:15:18


In contrast, nowhere *is it possible* for that to happen when you use an actual bitcoin transaction to send coins.
So, instead of expecting a centralized service not to do centralized thing X that is within it's power to do, it is healthier to take an alternative avenue (when one exists) which simply makes the effect impossible.
That said, I'm not going to fault you for the PSA. Sure, educated people can get annoyed to read "Look out, water is wet!" but god damn are there a lot of folks out there who will still be shocked to hear it every week, and it's worth them finding out easier ways than hard ways just the same. :(
@_date: 2015-05-16 01:13:37
In case anyone is wondering, when you say "moving credits" or IOU's you do not simply mean "*credit* cards" but "*debit* cards" just as well.
Credit cards allow you to pay a company with an IOU where you owe somebody else (that the bank settles back to them; the company will not be out your payment if you default, the bank will), but even debit cards only move balances that represent *what the bank owes you* because you initially leant your deposit *to them*. After using the debit card, now the bank owes you less and owes the merchant the amount of purchase (minus fees) in your place.
Both before and after any successful Bitcoin transaction, no single party "owes" any other single party a thing (unless the good or service being transacted happened to be debts ;3).
@_date: 2015-05-06 05:38:37
@_date: 2015-05-16 00:56:23
Hmm.. the only source I have on WPA2-PSK weakness is brute forcing the password. Use a strong randomized one, and you're golden.
Do you have a source on anything else?
@_date: 2015-05-26 19:57:15
He did fork testnet and and recombined all past bitcoin txn into 20MB and larger blocks to confirm how issues like performance would work, and whether or not live traffic would lead to any unforseen outcomes, and such.
The results were "The water's fine".
@_date: 2015-05-27 03:00:30
Block congestion would break Bitcoin's capacity to reliably form transactions, and what you are advocating as "necessary" in this thread is exactly block congestion.
Get over yourself.
@_date: 2015-05-29 01:01:31


Simple. Only one end has or needs a Bitcoin balance, the other end still needs that fiat crutch.
That's like asking "why would a cellphone ever need to call a landline". ;3
@_date: 2015-05-02 23:24:48
*Shrugs*, welcome to open source development?
He has been trying to build a mobile version for ages. But apparently it's not as easy as the original pair of javascript games were for him to [click](/# "Thank you, I'll be here all night!") together.
Making a cool thing that everybody loves can take as long as you'd like prior to publishing. Keeping up with demand once you've confirmed how popular it is and figuring out how to monetize it is an entirely separate beast which requires and entirely different skillset and commitment to land.
@_date: 2014-11-29 22:28:06
How is GRC any different from paid certificate authorities? They are trying to maintain a database to clarify that people are who they say they are, which is the job of an CA.
But, whoever is MITMing your connection could just as easily MITM your connection to GRC and return their fingerprints for each search.
This would go double if GRC ever made a browser plugin btw, meaning we're at an impasse between convenience and security: "The bad guys aren't attacking this channel yet, but only because it's such a damned pain in the ass to use..."
@_date: 2014-07-18 22:12:29
July 8 I ordered $15k of wireless gear from one of our suppliers through wire transfer. $50 total bank fees for wire transfer is both cheaper and faster than 2.5% of $15k, we do enough business with them that they would lose in future sales tons more than they would gain disputing one order, and we can sue the pants off of anybody who tries to pull a fast one on us. *shrugs*
Just to clarify though, I completely intended to start my reply with "Both businesses and *high volume* consumers" so it is fully understandable if you got the wrong flavor from my post.


BTCrow.com, Bit-Escrow.eu, Bitcoin-Escrow.net, ABEscrow, BTC-Asia.com, StrongCoin Wallet and Escrow, CoSign Coin, just picking a few off of the Bitcoin Wiki page. Be advised I have personally done business with *zero* of these services so I cannot offer any personal testimonials on them, but their existence is not a problem.
Now get a few ease-of-use eWallet providers such as Multibit PC wallet, BCI hybrid wallet, or Coinbase to perfect some partner channels to these escrow providers and you've got escrow right in the payment window for newbs to *elect* to benefit from, but without limiting any one payment network to any one provider of escrow.
Finally, don't get caught up in the finished product. Bitcoin is still very new, and a lot of it's killer features simply haven't been either built out or polished for Grandma to blindly use just yet. The initial post we are all replying to is "what will it take to satisfy the naysayers?" and if your answer is "this is what it will take" then so be it, that is constructive insight. But if your answer is "It will never happen because you don't have this two years ago!! then that would be an example of approaching an emerging technology from a really obtuse and antagonistic perspective.
@_date: 2014-02-06 01:23:16
[Apple kicking Blockchain.info's wallet]( is both new, and matches the timing of these sells.
@_date: 2015-05-14 22:18:12
Because, that's what they've already discussed: using the blockchain to track share ownership.
I'm not claiming it's impossible on a technical level that Nasdaq would want to drop all ties to USD and start tendering all buys and sells and dividends in bitcoin and program all of their door locks to only unlock when they view a valid signature in the mempool and replace email with encoded bitcoin transactions, I just view these potentialities as "highly unlikely". Especially in the short term. Also potentially "really poor ideas", but that's more of a personal value judgment than anything else.
@_date: 2015-05-27 03:54:20
But the fees on the BTC chain will always be one out of two potential things: 1&gt; less than $0.10usd or so, or 2&gt; either completely broken and irrationally unpredictable and *unusable* due to block congestion, or just so obnoxiously high for other reasons that virtually *everybody* will eject towards whichever alt is the best with the most reasonable tx fee structure.
The argument I am used to having with weird people on this topic is that they say "blockchain congestion is great because it will drive demand for people to waste money doing the exact same thing that the alts do almost for free". But out of all the free market BS they seem to lean their arguments upon, they never consider that people (both users and merchants!) are going to be motivated to use whichever crypto currency does not lead them to hemorrhage fees, and whichever one wins that race would simply do so at Bitcoin's expense.
It's on par with the browser wars. Netscape up to v4 was great until it stagnated, and then IE v4 took over because it simply did a better job. IE5 carried on this tradition, but they were overtaken by the time IE6 came out by Netscape reborn as Firefox. IE6 took longer to die thanks to corporate lock-in, but die it certainly has.
Bitcoin only wins over the alts *because it does it's damned job*, and as soon as it decides to stop doing it's damned job and either become expensive in general or an unpredictable, congested network in particular it will *spill* all of it's precious network effects onto the next runner up.
@_date: 2014-11-29 22:44:42
[Because this](
@_date: 2015-05-14 03:24:33
Of course you do. Talk is cheap, and bankrolling is some pretty strong endorsement compared to what you claim your preferences are.
Did you move? Did you fight them off? Did you start your own gang to rise up and overthrow them? Those would be examples of *actually* not agreeing to live under their thumb. Anything less is just self-delusion at best, and when you bitch at others for their beliefs it is *hypocrisy*.
@_date: 2015-05-22 01:38:13


Speculation aside, that is every kind of money.
The only force on earth that can *guarantee* appreciation for one unit of any kind of commodity held by another person, is if you make that guarantee to buy it from them at a higher price in the future regardless of market outcomes.
@_date: 2014-12-17 21:59:58


Then you should in no way be surprised to drown in downvotes when you post to because that is kind of the topic around here. As for myself, I've put you on ignore so that you can vent or whatever masturbation that is you are doing and I will no longer forget myself and try to be cordial in your distinctly effluent presence.
@_date: 2014-04-21 19:49:50
Yes, but I wrote (sic) to confirm that I was employing a pun comparing him to a the lazy operator of a carnival. ;3
@_date: 2014-03-08 15:53:54


I find myself concerned that you'll trust what some 67 year old model train enthusiest has to say about this than, I don't know, *reviewing the code to determine exactly what it does*.
I am fairly certain my toaster is not a death-ray.
If I want to become more certain, the very first thing I would try would be to disassemble it like a baws, and confirm that no unexpected components are present, least of all ones large enough or with access to enough energy to toast things outside of the appliance.
The very *last* thing I would try is stalking an engineer who has kind of the same name and comparable skillset to the one given to me by toasterco's tech support before they hung up on me, who insists that he didn't make the toaster, and obsess over ambiguous things he may or may not have told my shady $10 PI I sent to his house to find out but couldn't be bothered to record the conversation.
@_date: 2015-05-29 02:52:46
One of the youtube comments there struck a chord with me, too.
Even secret ballots passed the law to end secret ballots. So long as congressmen who wear cheap suits see an awfully powerful conflict of interest to start wearing expensive suits instead, we're liable to fall right back into financial feudalism. :/
@_date: 2015-05-29 02:12:56
The business model that they document absolutely does depend on cc fraud.
You either happily purchase Bitcoin at 40% markup with your own money or you do it because somebody else is footing the bill. If you think you can make people do the former, then you've missed your calling because what a mythical population like that *really* needs are overlapping, yet somehow still exclusive deeds to the Golden Gate Bridge.
@_date: 2014-01-13 15:37:02
Side note: word salad 
@_date: 2014-09-20 04:38:40
Shadowbanned + bullying based on irrelevant religious affiliation has basically ruined any credibility you have in my eyes. Just reporting back.
@_date: 2014-07-20 03:24:30
They *may* stop your future withdrawals, as their agreement allows them to be that draconian should practical matters require them to be?
@_date: 2014-10-28 21:42:46
"This is just a tribute"
"You gotta believe me"
"And I wish you were there"
"just a matter of opinion"
@_date: 2014-02-21 01:23:38
+TheCeilingisGreen 1 mbtc
.. and I think 1mbtc is their minimum bounty, so here's a bit more.
@_date: 2014-01-28 02:44:44
I am not a tax lawyer but if I understand correctly, then taxable events would include receiving Bitcoins as income or business revenue, or selling bitcoins to get dollars. Holding onto bitcoin that has become speculatively more valuable, but not selling it, would not be a taxable event.
@_date: 2014-09-11 20:48:25
The cost to the merchant of accepting a card number, regardless of whether it is a credit card or a debit card, *starts* at 2-3%. That is the bare cost of performing the transaction. That does not include authorization fees. That does not include batch fees. That does not include nuisance fees if the magstripe didn't read or the customer keyed in the wrong digits online. That does not include statement or customer service fees every time the merchant has a billing dispute to resolve.
And that goes nowhere near covering *losses due to buyer fraud*: when somebody makes a fraudulent purchase or when somebody fraudulently charges back a legitimate purchase the *entire purchase price* is lost to the merchant, every single time. 
You have obviously never acted as a merchant or had to accept credit or debit cards, or you would probably know this: but **every single one of those charges is levied for debit cards** just as well as they are for credit cards.
This is why the cost of handling any kind of plastic at all can range anywhere from 6-40% depending on the industry, and every dime of that has to be passed on to the consumer as a price increase.
The new surcharge law only allows merchants to pass the initial 2-3% charge along, only for credit cards (even though they still pay the fee for debit cards) and only in 4/5 US states.
And here's the fun part: in an online order, you have no way to know prior to batch processing (normally performed long after the order is complete) which is a debit and which is a credit card. So online it *is still impossible* (in the US) to legally levy that surcharge to anybody.
But this is now the third time I have repeated most of this information for you, I am growing hoarse and I don't give a damn what you conveniently decide to forget or reframe any longer. It is clear you only seek to annoy people with pot shots instead of having a serious discussion, so you're not getting any more replies.
@_date: 2014-12-09 02:05:38
Right, so I can't buy anything with your modification of the currency and actually use it on the same day. Who wants that?
@_date: 2015-05-15 23:35:51
[That sounds]( way less accurate than ["Ledger"]( though. :O
@_date: 2015-05-14 04:24:31
Changetip [only recently]( added an opt-out feature to prevent tippers from being leaked other information in your combined changetip profile. In some circumstances, that could have meant that you tip and learn that they are also  on Twitter. :/
@_date: 2015-05-21 01:17:16
Like virtually every other animation or pitch ever, I am very disappointing about how they presented mining. As always, it sounds like "the only way to get into the system" as well as a potential "make money off of my idle gaming rig" red herring.
Plus they talk about mining both being the only pin securing the system and being rewarded by newly minted coin, and then in the next breath confirm that newly minted coin will trickle to a stop which leads any partly functioning mind to assume that mining then has to trickle to a stop which would bottom out system security.
Here are important points I think any of these pitches ought to have. (no, I cannot animate well enough to make my own though lol):
* Downplay the word "mining". Try to call them "notaries" or "book keepers" or some name that emphasizes the contribution they make to the network more than it emphasizes connotations of greed and circumstantial windfall.
* Before even mentioning mining, heavily emphasize Bitcoin's use as a currency and touch upon how to get it and how to use it. Buy it with fiat at an exchange, earn it as a wage, by selling items or performing services, spend it to buy things online or at real world shops that accept it. Splatter a brief screen with logos of places you can use bitcoin where people who pause just then can get a nice infographic: Microsoft, Tiger, NewEgg, Overstock, Wordpress, 4chan, Reddit, Almost every hosting and VPS provider on earth, via Gyft and eGifter (under their heading with "via giftcards" subtitle) plaster even more logos like Burger King, Amazon, Barnes &amp; Noble, Home Depot, etc etc.
* Once you get to mining (book keeping), talk about how it secures the network. Book keepers get paid to do their work through thousands of tiny voluntary transaction fees, but while the network is scaling up they also get a **subsidy** of newly minted bitcoin. This subsidy will evaporate as we reach our prescribed 21 mil limit and volume fills in the gaps with the fees from loads of transactions.
* Book Keepers provide this security by voluntarily (and quite profitably!) running data centers full of computing equipment custom-built solely for the purpose of verifying bitcoin transactions. In 2010 any desktop computer could make a difference and earn some cash for their work, but this has become an economy of scale which also speaks to Bitcoin's 400 *petahash* (400 thousand million million irreversible hash operations per second) security metric: hundreds of times more computational power than any other purpose-built network of computing power ever built before.
* This video did a pretty decent job clarifying how there is no company or central body that runs anything. That should be part of any such video: nobody can tell you how to spend your money, block your transactions or freeze your balances as long as you keep your own wallet secure (eg: strong passwords, 2FA, backups, multisig and try to keep your PC safe from Malware).
* Disintermediation is great to talk about. This is a new platform that anybody can build new services on and innovate, anywhere across the planet, without having to first seek permission from their incumbent competitors. Instead of a debt network with an entire globe caught up in a web of "why should I trust you to eventually pay me back and settle this debt? Prove yourself to me. I want stool samples and your first born as collateral." it is a positive value network where you push value to anybody you choose, and they can get bullet-proof confirmation in mere minutes that the value has changed hands irreversibly to them.
@_date: 2014-10-15 15:17:38
Yeah, if anything I hope this also shuts up the buttcoiners who complain about 'whanh, pandering!' or who pretend to get all Victorian about erotic goings on within their chaste field of view. :p
@_date: 2014-02-07 21:40:02
Clearly according to whom that's not enough for what?
Misfortune and malfeasance happens, it is a risk and a cost of doing business. Regulation does not eliminate that cost, it simply transforms it into friction and stifles innovation.
When company X has to pay millions of dollars per year in licencing and millions more to legal and compliance teams, company X's customers are out those millions of dollars too.
In comparison, MtGox blazes a trail as an exchange and millions of dollars of value were created by it's customers *before* it really began to show it's problems scaling. It's been facing trouble withdrawing fiat for aeons now, and everyone who knows better has long ago left the slowly sinking ship while that was still possible. If regulation were required from the outset, no bitcoin exchange ever would have formed and nobody would ever have worked out what the risk profile even *looks* like.
@_date: 2015-05-13 01:31:56
640kb is enough for anybody.
And so what if you run out of RAM? People will just do the extra calculations by hand like they always have, and only rely on machines for the really big, expensive calculations.
What, did you forget your long division, or something?
@_date: 2014-02-23 15:05:18
"Facebook points" and "something from wal-mart" are not a universally convertible currency.
Can you finance drug trafficking or pay off hitmen or exchange proceeds from theft and extortion for clean money using Facebook points? õ_O
@_date: 2015-05-14 04:42:51
Yes, society owns it. No, land owners do not in any exclusive fashion any more than my son "owns" his bedroom exclusively to me. To be very blunt, you cannot own what you cannot defend. Somebody helps you defend it? They are also helping you own it.
Hell yes my society is violent and warlike. You don't strike me as somebody who understands that violence is nothing more than the last line of dispute resolution, though. Were we not violent and warlike then whoever else is would be more than happy to wrest control over our land and resources from us, and that would put us right back where we started (*if* we were lucky).
Do you have a right to exist? Who defines that right? Who *defends* that right from dispute from other arbitrary parties who may profit from your being extinguished? Who around you benefits from your existence enough that your supposed right means anything to other people to begin with? I am not asking to make you think the answer is negative, I assume tons of people value your life personally and you touch thousands in a positive manner indirectly. I am only asking you to account for this honestly.
I can blast 100db noise from a portable stereo and then scream that my performance "has a right to exist", but unless enough people support that then somebody is going to either switch off my radio or less politely damage it to protect what *is* valuable to them, such as the health and function of their own hearing.
If you live in harmony with a society, then they can benefit from your existence and they are incentivized to defend it. If you cannot, then they may be forced to either expel you or curtail your existence by way of punitive fines, imprisonment or even execution to prevent you doing greater damage to the existence of *others*.
@_date: 2015-05-27 00:17:00
Because when you put your money into any of those places a single, administrative entity controls your money. That single entity can go bankrupt, cut and run, fractional reserve, freeze or block your payments. They are a single point of failure *with respect to your wealth in particular*.
And you can't free your funds from them unless you withdraw either into the legacy fiat system (you'll tell me that even *that* is decentral now, because anybody can hold a green rectangle of paper or start new businesses which move them around for you!?) or back into Bitcoin proper (the blockchain) where *actual* decentralization occurs and your wealth is actually safe from the whims of any single administrative entity.
@_date: 2015-05-20 04:51:40
Then who was phone!? D:
Oh wait..
@_date: 2015-05-20 00:22:21
As a direct result of astroturfing, [as you suggested above](
Would WU handjobs also allow residents of the Philipeans to to not be charged any fees for about half of their transactions to Spain?
Also, even if that did work would it be moral? Or are we externalizing the costs of advertising in order to generate more spam?
^(brought to you by Carl's Jr™®©. Not for use if you are pregnant, plan to become pregnant, or become pregnant during use of our product. If itching, redness, or swelling develops then please take product to a certified dealership for a free†† inspection. Void where prohibited and in the state of California.)
@_date: 2015-05-15 23:37:08
That's the most conspiracy-theory-sounding term I've heard in minutes.
@_date: 2014-11-23 12:51:16


So you've chosen option D, making up fake categories of service that you get to pretend that one suite of TCP bytestream protocols belongs to while another TCP bytestream protocol does not for the sole purpose of doubling down on red herring pedantics.
I go to the library, fire up a computer, scan my library ID card so that they know I'm authorized, and then browse the god damned internet. Where's my email? I could get an email if I wanted, maybe browse to Gmail.com, but I could just as easily browse to bitcoin.org. There is exactly zilch about my bare metal experience of accessing the internet which requires that I have an email account.
Of course you know this perfectly well, but you were never here for an honest discussion. You care only about being entertained trying to get people to smell your finger you scratched your butt with.
So you keep making your family proud throwaway, I'm afraid we shan't speak again. :3
@_date: 2014-08-06 01:04:22
The value of Bitcoin as an asset is it's ability to not be copied or double-spent: you never share your private key, and once you *send* coin away from your private key it fully leaves your control.
No matter how you multisig though, previous owners of a physical manifestation of a private key have every bit as much of an opportunity to peek at that key as you do. To whit, *they could copy the coin*.
Let's say the coin-token only carries half the secret required to spend the associated BTC balance. Information is just information, anybody who copies or forges the coin token looks no more nor less qualified to cash it in for BTC than you do.
*Furthermore*, as soon as you say "We'll just make the token counterfeit-proof" you instantly kill any value it may have had carrying bitcoin.
The only value that *bitcoin* has is that it is scarce, counterfeit-proof and digitally mobile. Anyone who makes a counterfeit-proof coin token of *any* kind instantly has a *competitor* to bitcoin on their hands: a tradeable, physical scarcity with floating value all it's own.
Sure you *could* put a private key on those, but you could also write out your private key onto a $100 fiat note. You're doing little at that point than making it more complicated to assay the value of the thing you're trading. ;3
@_date: 2014-11-16 07:20:37


Lol, I might turn out to be kind or foolish enough to give them something of commensurate value at a vaguely temporally coincident time though, and then we're back to buying and selling. x3
@_date: 2014-09-28 09:17:20
Hmm how are you for internets, computers and smartphones?
@_date: 2014-01-05 16:13:06
Well, if you don't wish to pay the taxes of this country then by shirking your civic duty you will eventually be classified as a trespasser upon this country's land. This can be sidestepped, of course, by emigrating from this country to one who's expenditures suit your tastes better.
If you cannot find such an autonomous state, then start your own and compete directly against the macroeconomic powers that you show so much disdain for.
I am a father, and I have to make my children do all sorts of things they wish they didn't have to do. They get to eat corn dogs, but have to eat their vegetables too. They can sit there all day long waxing about why they can't only eat what they like and pan what they don't, but unless they want to move in with somebody else more interested in subsidizing their future medical bills than I, or if they can find nobody then start their own bleeding household paid for with their own bleeding wages (thus taking on their own responsibility for said medical bills) then they will bend to my rules pertaining to their diet and medical care.
@_date: 2014-07-01 19:40:08
While I agree, in my book posting ad hominem comments bereft of content just to belittle people and push their buttons is not a dissenting voice.
Hate speech and homophobia/transphobia/sexism/racism are not  a dissenting voice.
Employing [logical fallacies]( just to draw people into calling them out and then mocking them as faggots for wasting their time trying to set the record straight is not a dissenting voice.
@_date: 2014-12-18 22:36:08
People's tests are working. The one hitch I notice is it sounds like they got hugged up to their operating limit for the day either today or yesterday, but we'll have to see if they can smoothly scale past that.
@_date: 2014-02-28 15:10:33
Sure they could have. Coinbase, bitpay, gyft, bitcoinstore, and every major service dropped using MtGox to determine spot price over a year ago due to unreliable fiat withdrawals making arbitrage impossible and skewing the price high. 
That's a year that anyone could have emptied their balance through the BTC exit, and that's just what I did. 
@_date: 2015-05-15 20:58:15
Ok, so I say "A society" and first you strawman that into "The People" (a fictitious subset of a society) and now you strawman that into "Everyone" in order to emit a Jaden Smith soundbite.
I am not saying that every individual in a society owns the land. I very clearly stated that ownership over land is shared between the parties that defend the land. That would include the homeowner, who keeps the locks functional and maintains fences and would represent the first line of defense to resist home invasion, and the city government and police department who maintain legal property records, delineate property lines with extra-property artifacts like streets and sidewalks, arrest and deter tresspassers, to a lesser extent state and county governments for some services they probably provide, and then to a greater extent again federal government for ensuring national defense in general.
In contrast, land owners in somalia get to own their land with no government to share with — primarily because nothing as powerful as a government is interested in competing with them for it — and likely thus have to follow no governmental laws on their land, because they are the only ones defending their land.
If they want to use, make, or distribute exotic drugs, then so it shall be. If they want to hunt endangered wildlife that wanders onto their land (and are actually able to overpower it), then so it shall be. If they want to murder other humans who stray on their land or enslave them and ransom them back to their families or sell them to a neighbor for sadistic recreation (and are actually able to overpower them), then so it shall be.
So also, the extent of their liberties are delineated by their actual *capacity* to defend their land against looters, pirates, gangs, cartels, foreign law enforcement wondering what happened to their citizens or their pandas, and the general chaos of that region which prevents superior national organization from maintaining it's roots to begin with.
@_date: 2015-05-02 23:08:57
Renames your "# of connections" column to "heavenly chips threshold".
@_date: 2015-05-08 19:47:00
If the fees are right then what makes it spam?
The network does what it is paid to do. If Scaramanga pays it to do a little dance with transaction amounts, then there you go. That's an enormously expensive little dance you did there, Scaramanga, and the hashrate spiked up like nobody's business. Blockchain growth increased maybe 20x throughout the time period that you bled several gallons of platinum per second, but every node-runner with a both a PC and Network Connection capable consuming Netflix at it's absolute lowest quality  (144p) kept up with you, and everyone else fell behind until your attack was over after which they caught back up.
In fact, do you know the *only* real danger here? That Scaramanga spams the blockchain with transactions with *such* high fees that *normal people cannot get their transactions into a block*. You know, the exact same outcome that happens *without* scaramanga if we never increase the blocksize limit.
@_date: 2014-05-24 02:47:45
A single data point being unbelievable is not enough to dismiss it, because until other data points are made available it's the only voice in the room.
Get an answer from Bitstamp, or get an answer from a handful of other people who've withdrawn USD recently and find out if their business was smooth. If it is, *then* we begin to have legitimate evidence that OP's claim is false.
@_date: 2014-07-20 16:53:44


The Buttcoin meme [started here]( in [2011]( [site later sold to Butterfly Labs]( because the money of a fraudster is apparently as good as anybody else's to a copraphile.
Back to central point of my reply:


I don't have to cite anything, because not only is it your claim to defend but any randomly chosen page on your site or thread in your forum clearly illustrates otherwise. 
But thanks for reminding me how committed your lot is to dishonesty and doublespeak, it had been long enough since I sniffed in that direction that I had forgot why you are so in love with the almighty Butt. ;3
@_date: 2014-02-14 07:07:23


And neither is the reference client.
I'll break this down, the reference client code (I have read it!) calls the transaction hash a transaction ID. It then goes on to *treat* this value as an id, given that this is how unspent outputs are *uniquely identified*. This is the precise reason 
In 2011, in a single discussion on a single forum lost in a sea among thousands of discussions, somebody realized that the value *everybody* treated as unique was not bidirectionally so. I've read the discussion now that this is a thing, and even at the time nobody could see an attack surface. A Wiki page was created and developers never got back to the matter.
Gox may or may not have seen this page, but like every other implementation, including bitcoinQT and the blockchain itself they treated the transaction ID as a value you could trust to be unique for any practical purposes. As much as you like to bandy about "basic double checks", what is there to double check? Am I an irresponsible provider unless I compare every two SHA hashes I've ever produced to confirm there's not a collision? And then compare them again just in case the laws of math changed in the last five minutes? Paranoia budgets are finite and must be spent on effective errands.
Which brings us back to Gavin mentioning that a flaw which has shut down withdrawals from dozens of exchanges spent two years in line behind *real* problems. OP asks "what are the 'real' problems?" and you smugly RTFM him. 
Which means that you don't know either and you hide your ignorance behind hostility towards the question. I submit that nobody knows for certain and there is no call to impugn those who know not an iota less than you on the matter.
Hindsight's 20/20, and is no basis to have claimed whoever wasn't bitten had foresight.
@_date: 2015-05-29 01:28:50
The hidden cost that WU has to pay while federated use of Bitcoin would not is maintaining and administrating a trusted, global network of teller branch offices.
If you were in charge of WU, how would you deal with the operator of a specific teller location in Kracosia suddenly swiping all of the fiat at their location and vanishing?
1. You only have one teller location serving that part of Kracosia, because your own tellers aren't going to compete with one another, so part of your regular client base is suddenly unable to do business with you until the teller is somehow competently replaced.
2. You eat the loss of all fiat banked there, and/or try to pawn it off on the locals. Insurance *might* be an asset here, but only to smooth losses like this into monthly installments, not to actually eliminate them from your balance sheets.
In addition, you have to pay (both directly and via training and expensive physical security and procedural observance) to comply with every money transmission regulation in *and* between every jurisdiction in the world. For example, WU cannot and will not deliver your money from the US to Iran or vice versa.
In contrast, federated remitters using Bitcoin and either Escrow or multi-signature back ends only have to follow regulations for converting between bitcoin and local fiat within one area. So as a customer moving money from Area A to Area B, would you use WU who has to pay to comply with every regulation on Earth, or two remitters each of which only have to pay to comply with their local regulations.. and who may not even have to comply with trade regulations between the areas?
And this isn't a cheat. Using technological means to ensure your money gets where it is supposed to simply takes the burden off of local governments to hold centralized transmitters accountable to do such moves manually.
Next up, federated remitters making proper use of escrow or multisig, short of unrelated fraud are *procedurally incapable* of absconding with any funds that didn't come out of their own pockets to begin with. So if some remitter in Kracosia grabs every bitcoin secret key and every green piece of paper he can reach and vanishes, then he only has one of many keys out of multisig (so no control over those funds), no control over escrow-held funds, and every fiat dollar or bitcoin entrusted directly to him is naught but his own balances. So nobody is out any money, and people in that area *are* liable to be served by competing remitters who remain available throughout the crisis.
@_date: 2015-05-08 19:28:50


Why do you keep saying "the" off-chain payment provider? Who is this mythical company, and why are both you and every barrista on Earth so hot to have this one hegemony run your ledger for you instead of different people trusting different companies, which thanks to the blockchain being unusable can no longer even transfer balances between them?
@_date: 2015-05-27 04:10:20
It sounds like what you need to do is just drop the other shoe and vie for a hard fork to limit blocks to 1 transaction per, and slow them to one block per day.
If artificial scarcity is the end goal, then that sounds like the best possible case of what you are rooting for. Besides, I am sure that lightning sidechains and hosted web wallets will make *actual* use of Bitcoin currency unnecessary except for the once per decade "settlement" between that one entity that still wants to touch the blockchain and .. well, itself.
And hell, wouldn't that be as decentralized as all get out?! You wouldn't even need computers to run a node any more, you could verify the one transaction in that block with pen and paper in less than a day! xD
@_date: 2015-05-29 02:39:09
What's the holdup on the fourth?
@_date: 2014-01-26 23:26:06


Right.. "market pressures". Every time TSA agents and border guards get hauled in for corruption, the arresting officer is a market pressure. :P
@_date: 2014-12-15 07:59:47


Or "the competition *open source wallets* pays for bug bounties, so don't waste your time with amateurs and direct your resources to something you'll get compensated for". In the meantime, the people who don't care to pay for valuable work can get pwnt for all we care and we *should* warn end users to avoid that kind of carelessness.
@_date: 2015-05-15 23:42:05
[This is Ladies and Gentlemen!](
@_date: 2015-05-08 19:16:24
Because, like I just said: somebody tips you ~$10usd on changetip and now you'd like to purchase some electronics on Newegg.
Woops, Newegg does not have "Changetip" as a payment option. So no: That thing that you wanted to do, now it cannot be done.
@_date: 2015-05-07 21:03:46


So what you are saying is very simple: do not use Bitcoin.
Paypal already allows you to move USD through their network, and you are saying that that is the end of what any coffee purchaser in the world will ever require.
Anybody who doesn't use Paypal to make a purchase, just needs to sign up for Paypal.
Anybody who doesn't use Paypal to *receive* funds, just also needs to sign up for Paypal.
If the buyer uses Paypal but the seller only accepts Coinbase, too bad. One of them has to switch or the buyer has to shop elsewhere.
Anybody who lives in an area that Paypal refuses to service, who is blackballed by Paypal or politically does not like or trust them, just needs to suck it up and switch from coffee to water.
Using an agnostic service like Bitcoin where you can use any wallet to send money and vendors can use any service whatsoever to receive it, that is arbitrarily something you do not wish to occur except in unutterably rare and special circumstances because you view numbers like 33gb over 6 years (blu ray movies were larger than this more than six years ago) as frightening and you wish to avoid them.
@_date: 2015-05-22 01:56:40
In the US, [Civil Asset Forfeiture]( is a barrel of laughs. It is basically just "getting rolled by the Federales" in Mexico made official and legal in most states North of the border.
@_date: 2015-05-27 00:27:26
If Bitcoin stabs itself by way of miner majority choosing network congestion over actual functionality, then I'm pretty sure one of the alts in particular will leap to the fore to accept all of the inevitable capital flight. Litecoin being the most notable contender at present, but there sure will be a sudden storm of advertisement and positioning on that day.
Not to mention cursing and bitching because you won't even be able to cash out anymore without surrendering arbitrarily large amounts to tx fees trying to beat everyone else surrendering arbitrarily large amounts to tx fees or your transaction suddenly vanishes.
I mean, have you ever seen a bank run before, even in simulation? I'm pretty sure people will just start selling off their private keys at points on the dollar once that proves cheaper than the panic fees, and let somebody else tune and tweak a hundred transaction attempts per minute until it finally clicks through at less than 0.1BTC loss at 3am EDT on a Sunday.
@_date: 2015-05-30 08:39:49
Your terrible passphrase choices are going to get me cracked!
^(You won't like me when I'm cracked..)
@_date: 2014-02-23 16:52:11


That is the entirety of the intent of the AML and KYC laws. If you are caught facilitating the exchange of more than whatever the limits are of USD back or forth for Bitcoin (or any convertible monetary commodity) without "tying the purchasers identity to the transaction" *at minimum* (eg, without even going into being licenced, bonded, following active reporting standards, etc) then you are breaking the law [and will have your ass handed to you](
What I am asking *you* is what is unique about getting a palm vein scan in this equation? If Robocoin instead forced everyone to scan photo ID, take fresh photo, and await manual verification for every single transaction would you see this as less of a privacy concern than only requiring that once and using palm vein as an easily automated shortcut in any future transactions?
If the government did not know your palm vein pattern, and now they do, then there is zero use they can make of that information aside from being able to authenticate that you are you when you press your hand into another reader. They can't use this data to tell you were at a crime scene, or track you through CCTV camera, or impersonate you or really change any aspect of your life at all.
@_date: 2014-08-06 03:28:59
Why you are being downvoted:
Louis' point is that a certain complaint has no merit, sarcastically suggesting that the creator of a technology would cancel the work over such a frivolous concern.
Satoshi, on the other hand, really would not want to encourage labor to be dehumanized. On the other hand, TFA's claims probably have no merit rendering the entire question moot. ;3
@_date: 2015-05-27 04:23:44
Every. Single. Orphan represents a split in consensus.
Every time miner A finds a block against their present base prior to completely downloading miner B's new block, then A and B have now split consensus and much of the network may split with them. *Until the tie is broken* by the next found block, which re-aligns everybody's interests to mine the longest chain.
If I am sitting on a *fully verified* chain 6-10 links longer than an orphan chain that contains a stupidly large block I was never able to finish downloading, then the rest of the network more or less has to have the same 6-10 superior links to the longer chain just like I do and everyone on the network is mining against it. There exists dick-all unusual or exploitable consensus split here.
@_date: 2015-05-14 22:03:58


I am pretty sure the person you originally replied to meant the word "agree" within the context of "in preference to all other available options".
Murderers do not "consent" to be arrested, but most do "agree" to come along quietly in preference to being shot. *The rest of society* does not consent to the remainder of what the murderer would prefer: to go free and be allowed to continue murdering as they see fit.
A majority of Reddit ancaps may not "consent" to paying taxes, but most do "agree" to do so in preference to being arrested. *The rest of society* does not consent to these ancaps enjoying the ambient geographical services for free that everybody else then has to foot the bill for. But there exist no superior alternatives: geographically ambient services of this nature are orders of magnitude less expensive than any à la carte alternatives ever could be.
@_date: 2014-01-23 19:37:25
Buy or sell?
If you're selling, pm me and I can have that $0 deposited to your bank account instantly. It won't show up with a line item, but your balance will clearly grow by $0 all the same, which is the only important part right? :)
@_date: 2014-09-27 23:34:30
It performs the same function and was written as a response to the disappearance of the original.
@_date: 2015-05-22 02:04:11


I argue that it will via indirect use.
While End Users' attention spans may end at "cheap and easy and it works for 9 out of 10 people while the tenth person is murdered and roasted on a spit to serve up to the first nine", once you climb up the ladder to businesses, merchants and wholesalers the product that you offer has to satisfy a much wider set of practical concerns.
And Mastercard and their ilk putting 110% of chargeback liability onto the backs of merchants does little to ingratiate them there, for starters.
@_date: 2014-01-22 21:37:12
The "1 in 4.29 billion" quote is the entropy range of the checksum. That doesn't mean one in that many regular transactions get misrouted, just that one in that many *arbitrarily typoed* addresses would get misrouted instead of emitting an helpful error message.
Interestingly enough there *is* a misroute failure rate for *correctly* typed addresses mathematically inherent to the system also, but that's 1 in 2^160, which is a number that is 49 digits long. It's due to Bitcoin addresses being only RIPM-160 hashes of the exact 256-bit public key, meaning the chance your address could collide with another and either of you could wind up spending the coin sent to it is 1 in 2^160. *shrugs*
@_date: 2014-02-01 06:42:13
Then how come the millions (USD-equivalent) spent on these new merchants don't show this dead-cat-bounce that you mention? õ_O
You make it sound like every new, convenient merchant opportunity will pull the plug out of the bathtub when everyone tries to use them to cash out. I say, by all means demonstrate this. Poke as many cash-out holes in this ship as you'd like. You'll find that exits do not an evacuation make, but the easier egress is the fewer will be shy of ingress.
@_date: 2015-05-14 02:23:37
**HERD** immunity requires that such a majority of the population are immune that most of those remaining never even make chain contact with the initial disease vector. Since this comment thread is already discussing the subjunct of unvaxxed OUTNUMBERING vaxed, *and concentrating and segregating themselves into alternative economies* to boot, they cannot gain any herd immunity benefit from the vaxed and would get toe the fuck up.
And the vaxers don't even get to relax and eat popcorn, because the petri dish of an unvaxxed population help their disease strains [evolve into superbugs we don't already have vaccines for](


Waaait a moment. You are telling me that 31/52 negative reactions to a batch *cannot* villify a batch, but that 31 negative reactions out of *millions* of positive results *can* villify an entire medical protocol?
Do you even logic, bro? Because if this is intended as satire, I have to introduce you to my man [Poe](
@_date: 2015-05-29 19:39:58
Ooer, yes that would make secret ballots as difficult to subvert as our search and seizure amendment. :B
@_date: 2015-05-27 00:31:16
Looks over at Chase/JP Morgan. Huh, look at them. I'm not using them. I chose not to use them, and they wind up not used by me. At all. For any purpose. Even though they are a bank.
So: do you need us to repeat the question, or are you just choosing words at random to string together at this point?
@_date: 2014-01-01 01:36:57
Hahaha, no. I'm pretty sure a "citizen" can't get more than $5k moved from any one place to any other without tripping all kinds of bs. Hell I recently got a check for $10k from one credit union to another, receiving end had to lock my funds for almost a month just because "zomg, you aren't authorized to control this much wealth! :O"
[Look what happened when Notch tried]( for chrissakes. xD
@_date: 2014-09-21 22:01:23


@_date: 2014-01-01 02:47:39
Overwhelming 51% attacks don't have to foul transactions or steal coins to cause havoc, though. Imagine you leave the mining strategy the same, and an ASIC miner in Russia diverts a few seconds worth of his terahash processing power at your network for a hoot. You don't notice anything until next difficulty change (which may be induced instantly) when the bar sets so high you can't generate a block for 2 days.
@_date: 2015-05-20 22:55:53
Yeah, it sounds as though you're trying to argue something different than is.
We aren't talking about collecting already encrypted TLS traffic between a user and a website and then trying to decrypt it. A CA can literally never do that, even with no chain: you would require the websites private key to decrypt already passed traffic.
The only thing the CA does is authenticate, and if you have control over *ANY* CA that a specific user's web browser trusts then you can instruct that browser to certify absolutely *ANY* certificate for *ANY* false website you choose.
For example, if I personally cracked the CA for Geotrust, then I could either perform some DNS poisoning so that when my targets look up "wellsfargo.com" in DNS they get an IP that I control, or I could just do route poisoning so that the IP's wellsfargo.com resolves to get routed to my network and answered by my hosts.
So his web browser's requests come to me, asking for TLS. I offer him a server pubkey that I made up. Browser says "what's the certificate that proves this is really Wells Fargo's pubkey?" so I show them a cert that I signed with my broken Geotrust. Browser says "Geotrust is one of the thousand CA's I trust with my life, therefor I will now put a giant green padlock on the user's web browser. You may proceed!"
Now here is the fun part. Does Wells Fargo actually certify with Geotrust in real life? No, they use Verisign. Do they have a single hop chain? Actually they do (I just looked it up) but even if they normally used a chain, all of this is moot because all your browser knows is that the Godlike geotrust CA key (that I broke) told it that everything was in order. End of investigation.
@_date: 2014-12-08 22:57:16
The essay said "with SSL/TLS you already have real encryption and don't need it in JS" and never bothered to consider the single point of failure angle: the front facing server is one attack surface vs every end-user computer which is many. Even if the end-user computers are potentially loose targets themselves, no one of them is likely to be high value enough to compromise compared to the central server that could empty every wallet at once.
The essay does address the "if you can't trust the server per web connect then neither can you trust it to redeliver your software per web connect", but the simplest solution to that is to bundle the software in a browser extension which is updated infrequently, and essay had nada to say about that. :P
@_date: 2014-09-18 20:10:58
So [duty calls](
@_date: 2014-09-17 22:11:09
Tomorrows headlines tell of the catastrophic number of VISA executives drowning and asphyxiating in uncontrolled torrents of illicit profit from high margins on fraudulent payments. Just a guess.
@_date: 2014-02-07 00:17:49
I don't understand your post. Are you suggesting that the people upset by this decision are *unlikely* to take their business elsewhere, and reminding them that they should avail themselves of this option?
Or are you suggesting that it is wrong for them to express their frustration communally or to spread the word so that other people may also be illuminated and possibly choose to take their business elsewhere?
Because it's not only a free market, speech is also free.
@_date: 2014-12-18 01:12:50


1. Not the ones I give out. Mine are always $1usd or more.
2. Bitcointip had a minimum tip amount, due to my initially suggesting it in fact.
3. GP made the initial illustration "tuck dollar bills into shirt pockets" that I was merely replying to.


1. You don't have to collect right away, you can wait for more tips from more places and then handle them in a batch.
2. You can pay tips forward or donate to charity right from the Changetip interface if you're not personally interested in collecting.
3. As Bitcoin becomes more widely accepted, you can "withdraw" right out of Changetip to pay merchants to buy things. Got a $5+ changetip balance? Send it to eGifter or Gyft and buy a gift card with it.
4. Signing up for either Circle or Coinbase to siphon these funds into your bank account is no harder than doing the same to accept Paypal payments from people. If Changetip integrated directly with Coinbase that could even save another step.
But most importantly, whatever time/research you invest is a one-off and would not need to be repeated to continue collecting additional tips in the future. :3
@_date: 2014-09-04 21:20:05
And.. you feel that conducting Bitcoin business with a merchant who also accepts Doge supports Doge in some manner?
Because it doesn't. What it does is shames Doge by demonstrating how Bitcoin is supperior and will bring the merchant superior volume along with every other benefit Doge could ever hope to promise.
Paradoxically do you know what witholding your Bitcoins from merchants who deal in Doge does do?
Leaves Bitcoin looking *weaker* in comparison to either Doge or to traditional payment systems. So thanks for that.
@_date: 2014-07-18 23:41:25
Right now Bitcoin can save 2-3% over the [*fees*]( levied by Credit Card companies, however those fees do *zilch* to protect the vendors bottom line from buyer fraud.. [so that gets built into the cost also](
When I worked at T-mobile as CCR in 2005-2006, we learned that they had a "risk assessment team" of ~8 people who's job it was to try to pre-emptively determine who would try to pull credit card fraud on them in order to head them off at the pass, and to quantify how many fraudulent payments the company had to eat in order to keep revenue above this expense.
Seasonally, fraud made up between 10% and 15% of T-mobile's credit card revenue.
That means they had to charge everybody 10-15% more than they would otherwise have had to to stay afloat, and [until Jan 2013 VISA and other credit card processors strong-armed all merchants into being unable to offer discounts for cash or other less lossy forms of payment like cash or Bitcoin]( Today that pressure against the vendor has finally been finally rendered illegal.
So if the vendor pays ~3% in fees plus 10-15% to cover fraud and-or to pay inhouse anti-fraud task forces, then even if Dell and NewEgg are only offering 10% as a promotion I do believe they would be well served to cut the customer in on some of the savings in order for everybody to keep more of their hard earned cash instead of relying upon *intentionally* leaky payment systems. For the time being, I bet they are just dipping their toes into the water to see *how* every single practical factor adds up before committing to any sorts of discounts, promotions or endorsements of a payment system they've never really relied upon before.
@_date: 2014-10-23 19:01:29
+1 for knowing what a Markov chain is and for knowing one of the methods that a cracker might use to guess human-chosen passwords.
However, the first rule of making a password is that it should never be human-chosen. You use a reliable entropy source (Diceware, /dev/urandom, etc) on a secure platform (where nobody can eavesdrop what dice you threw, or no malware on your PC, etc) to ensure there exists a sufficient level of *raw entropy* in your password to resist brute forcing.
Any approach like this makes Markov chains a waste of time against your password.
And then, -1 for all this talk about "the company" in this thread.
A user does not require any sort of company to create a brainwallet. Many wallet clients will allow you to import a brainwallet (Electrum, Multibit, BCI), there exist downloadable javascript applications that you can run from an offline computer to import or sign transactions from a brain wallet, and I wouldn't be surprised if somebody hasn't authored a PDF to allow you to perform brainwallet calculations with pencil and paper alone.
Furthermore, any company (such as BCI mentioned a moment ago) that tried to offer a brainwallet import service — unless it was sweep-only (which would not generate new addresses for you to deposit *into*) — *could not* ever gain direct access to your brainwallet passphrase without destroying absolutely all user credibility in an instant. They would have to make a very involved show that their *software* handles all of this for you .. *on the client side* as BCI does. Plus I think that BCI's brainwallet feature is sweep-only, also.
If an end-user makes up a terrible password, and tells the client wallet "This is my brainwallet, import it for me" then the client software lacks sufficient information to tell the user that they are wrong about anything.
"Correct Horse Battery Staple" is the *example* given by [an XKCD webcomic]( of a very good *method* for generating both secure and memorable passwords (though you are correct, even the method illustrated does not explicitly deter the users from guessing at words on their own, which in retrospect it rather should).
Anybody who views this comic and comes away with the idea "Hur hur, "Correct Horse Battery Staple" is the best possible password anybody can use according to smart stick-figure man! hurhur" is probably not mentally highly functional enough to participate in any elements of society unaided.
@_date: 2014-08-29 00:27:26
My original try wasn't that far off from upgoer five standards. :D


@_date: 2014-08-01 04:41:01
Nah, just when the post is in top 30 or there are more than a dozen people commenting.
Why would Buttpickers care about who agrees with what? They are too desperate for attention and ashamed to admit how homosexually attracted they are to all of us (hence the ass-obsession). 
@_date: 2015-05-26 23:29:19
You should visit Kerbal's subreddit every now and then just to freak them out! xD
@_date: 2015-05-29 01:47:22


Um, I'd call 10 minute confirmation times (capture + safe from chargeback) quite a bit better than 3-10 day capture, 6 month safe from chargeback confirmation times.
Since merchant's are happy to zero-conf in the latter case (Credit Cards), I think they should be fine accepting zero-conf in the former case that is much more difficult to successfully exploit.
@_date: 2015-05-08 23:38:54
Well, it's always true from the merchant perspective. Traditional payment systems hold the Merchant basically 100% accountable for any potential buyer fraud, and there exist no tools for a merchant to actually resist said fraud. Just factor it into your bottom line like everybody else and keep trudging away.
What you always here is the lazy buyer perspective. 90%+ of lazy buyers get sufficiently pampered by the incumbent system that anything new or different (including any mention of the 10% who get run under the bus by ID theft, banking error, et al) makes them cranky and colicky. 
@_date: 2014-12-22 18:54:19
It's just very rare for me to come upon arbitrary, out of the blue insults around this sub similar to the ones you post without a check of history confirming A&gt; they spend a lot of time human centipeding in and B&gt; 80% or more of their posting history is similar insults and vitriol.
So, you know, thanks for if not buggering off completely then at least being predictable enough to easily bag and tag. Also, Merry Christmas, eh? :3
@_date: 2014-03-18 18:28:03
Money is the substance of blame.
"I don't have the $1000usd I put into MtGox, and it's all Terrierpike's fault because he didn't lose anything and he's being smug about chosing to avoid sinking ships!"
"I am no longer angry at anybody, now that I have my $1000 back from Terrierpike. And now that I know where to go to recoup any losses, time to hit SDice!"
@_date: 2014-09-18 21:04:06
Besides what everybody else has already said, this is a free market with no barrier to entry. Bitcoin is not some marked up product offered by a company like WoW gold, it is a globally traded commodity like coal or steel, only digital. 
**If** the ads in your area are all 10-20% markup, **then** that is only because the only people who decided to get big lots of Bitcoin from an exchange and then resell those in your area felt a 10-20% markup was appropriate to cover their costs, or at least that the market would bear it. Is that too high? Fine, then get BTC yourself and sell it cheaper to put them out of business or set a buy ad with a price you feel is fair and then wait until you get a bite. Hint: prices in the sellers favor will greatly speed up somebody noticing your ad.
There is not a thing different to purchasing any other commodity item you want. Are Oranges at the local farmer's market $2/lb more expensive than in the city 100 miles away? Then you can either drive to the city to get them cheaper, get a ton of them and bring them all back to resell cheaper and put the putz you feel is gouging everyone out of business or start tending your own local orchard of orange trees.
But it is ridiculous to complain about price gouging for freely available goods when you could instead *profit* from competing against them.
That is the heart of arbitrage.
@_date: 2014-12-17 21:21:40
This is where you'd normally see a totes_meta_bot post linking to one of the human centipede subs titled: "Buttcoiner claims that using changetip is exactly like having to pay your taxes".
@_date: 2014-11-04 02:29:43
Aww c'mon, that wasn't big money. xD At least not in today's exchange rate.
5 mbtc
@_date: 2014-02-23 15:49:02
I don't understand the question. To scan your palm you physically have to be there, which means you can be legally held responsible for whatever money moves are taking place. Why would it matter if somebody else then feeds the money in or claims the BTC?
If you are caught trying to deposit or withdraw Harry the Hitman's money, then you will be rung up as an accomplice. So it's probably not in your best interest to do that.
@_date: 2014-06-11 22:44:13
Here is how predictable the fraud is.
"Can I purchase some BTC with this credit card? Thank you." disappears with the BTC, later true card owner reports it stolen and all funds are clawed back from the gateway.
Because this works, repeat until Gateway goes bankrupt. The End.
@_date: 2014-09-23 22:12:44
s/could/should/ :3
@_date: 2015-05-09 07:19:55


My argument is the opposite. No blockchain can succeed at only being one of those two things.
Why would anybody settle on an expensive, unpredictable and *broken* network when the pay-for-coffee network you are already invested in for everyday business performs every job that you need?
And, short of having a pathetic market cap or some *really* strange prohibitions coded in, no blockchain can allow you to conveniently buy a coffee without being equally convenient to move a million dollars (that you earned from selling coffee?) straight across the globe.


Who is fixing which problem? The problem of "it is impossible to guess what transactions the next thousand people will offer prior to the next block to ensure that you win **and that one of them lose in your place** requires fortune telling. Without solving that problem, using a congested network is russian roullette: your unspent outputs are frozen and may suddenly transfer any second or may time out in 24 hours according to forces utterly beyond your control.
@_date: 2014-09-11 20:55:49
Any place in reddit that cannot focus on anything besides what other redditors are doing is the issue here, that said SRSSucks is clearly 2 levels deep since SRS itself not only qualifies but is probably the oldest example.
@_date: 2015-05-20 05:21:15
If it supports tls, then do the polite thing and put the https into your links. :&gt;
@_date: 2015-05-26 19:55:33
As a merchant, I would probably select the fork that looks like it will win and only require payment on that fork ignoring the other one. Besides, all existing Bitcoin invoicing software assumes one simple fork and nobody has written infrastructure to require a payment on each of two blockchains before.
Since Gavin's code is designed to only kick the new rules into effect after a supermajority of recent blocks are signed by the new code, that very event should make it clear which fork is going to win so far as mining power is concerned. ;3
@_date: 2014-01-16 23:07:11
While I might feel hurt by your classification, it's not the first time that I've responded to "bitcoin is harder to get than cash" by pelting people in millibits. x3




\- - Strong Bad Email: [haircut](
@_date: 2014-07-23 23:47:44
@_date: 2014-07-16 21:23:04
Whai is that QR code for a single bitcoin addie so crazy large? :O
@_date: 2015-05-14 05:42:14
It takes a lot more to harm "the world" than it sounds like. Best case scenario, everybody involved with bitcoin gets a splash of fresh water in the face and hard forks again to Gavin's *original* suggestion: 20MB + automatically prescribed annual increase. Worst case, Bitcoin (this blockchain with these tuning parameters) dies off and we just migrate to a better one which did not insist on suicidal parameters.
You can't stop the signal Mal, but you sure can hurt people's ears when they're being a nuisance! xD
@_date: 2014-01-01 00:56:52
Yeah, this doesn't sound scammy at all. Will I be able to spend it on joinebay.com and joinwalmart.com?
@_date: 2014-10-23 19:16:02


How do we not want to admit that? Who are you even talking about?
@_date: 2014-07-01 18:45:21
So where/how was the Silk Road hosted, for example?
Was it on "silkroad.com" with a robots.txt file asking Google and Bing to ignore all downstream urls, perchance?
Or are you including Tor hidden services, freenet, i2p, cjdns etc in your "unindexed areas" classification?
@_date: 2015-05-27 02:01:03
Then let me put this another way. If the Bitcoin network breaks tomorrow for less strangely controvertial reasons than block congestion, such as some faulty code triggers a hard fork leading to an irreversible failure in the chain.. and several alts find and patch corresponding flaws in their software with no ill effects to their live chains, then where will crypto enthusiasts go next?
Whichever alt is the biggest and most attractive wins. In fact, that is the underscore to Bitcoin's success today. But it will lose that underscore as soon as blocks congest if there exist no contingencies to relieve it. That is all I am saying.
@_date: 2014-07-09 19:36:45
On the other hand, you are perfectly capable of panning any particular scene you do not desire to do, at the cost of not being paid to do the scene. Also potentially burning a bridge with that specific producer, but porn has zillion of productions studios and some of the wealthiest actresses are ameture and just produce and sell their own videos anyhow.
Let me pick one off the top of my head: show me where Nadine J gets forced to cram anything down her throat? That's not the kind of eroticism she wants to deal in, so she doesn't. She still makes more money than the pair of us combined ever will.
@_date: 2014-09-17 20:07:05
Nobody is challenging that, however the fraudulent customer offering fake ID undermines any effectiveness to asking for customer ID.
If you're going to argue that merchant employees bear all responsibility to tell a fake ID from a real one, a counterfit bank note from a real one, then the fault rests with the ease of authentication for these terrible payment methods. They can suck eggs, Bitcoin wins, and merchants should be made aware of this.
@_date: 2014-06-11 23:47:37
194 bits of entropy. Not too shabby, you can get that with 18 simple dictionary words ([I use a 2845 word list]( easy to spell, easy to remember, no plurals or hyphens or weirdness, etc) too, which might be easier for meatbags to mnemonically remember than 49 numbers interspersed with 3 letters. :3
@_date: 2015-05-27 00:28:35
Weren't you listening? His off-chain solution is Wells Fargo and Mastercard.
@_date: 2015-05-27 23:54:33
1&gt; Miners on the current network *will* flag blocks as invalid if their timestamp strays beyond a certain tolerance from the network consensus, or if the difficulty is upped 144 times higher than the current difficulty generating algorithm dictates.
2&gt; without a difficulty jump, miners worldwide will remain incentivized to hash as hard as they can and find blocks as quickly as they can, which the current difficulty algo (that miners will reject blocks that stray beyond tolerance from) ensures happens an average of roughly once every ten minutes instead of anywhere in the ballpark of an average of once per day.
Besides, if there ever existed a timestamp hack where a minority of miners could choose to slew the difficulty in their favor, they would have already maximally sped up block creation so that they can increase their short term revenue streams. Since I don't see any 5-second-average block times, I'm pretty sure they are equally incapable of 144x increases in difficulty.
But feel free to gloat about what I don't know that you made up in your fevered imagination about how the system operates. I remain moderately amused. ;3
@_date: 2014-12-09 22:04:35
Buttpicker trolls like Rub3X like to think whatever gets his rocks off about the subs he fetishizes. :P
@_date: 2015-05-07 21:07:06


Right, such as "not using Bitcoin". Which, if that were an acceptable way to do business to begin with we never would have needed Bitcoin.


I am pretty certain that even those users will expect their payments to eventually clear. You do not get rid of the "cannot predict fees" problem just because all of the coffee drinkers of the world got pissed off at your version of the currency and left. If it gets used at all, then it will see peaks in usage that turn it into a "does the transaction system even work today" lottery.
@_date: 2014-08-05 00:52:18
Okay, but that doesn't clarify your pro-fiat or pro-bitcoin position in the context was discussing (his point being at least tentatively pro-fiat).
**If** one state used Bitcoin as national currency instead of fiat (thus losing deficit spending and the supposed war-making power conferred by that) **then** what would protect them from the neighboring, more freely war-having fiat nation?
If your position is pro-fiat you might say "nothing, it would be folly". If it's pro-Bitcoin or similar you'd need to offer some answers. Additionally you might call the entire dichotomy into question.
Instead you start talking about voluntary armies so I get confus. ;3
@_date: 2015-05-20 05:17:58
Your second sentence appears to negate your first. If you are going to reach out and partner with them to use the actual bitcoin daemon to *process their payments*, then it sounds as though you would *be* the payment processor.
It is up to them whether they convert their bitcoin to fiat after receiving it, but using a payment processor to handle all of the invoicing is a very wise choice compared to trying to re-invent *security*-related wheels from scratch and run your own invoicing.. right up until script kiddies find a way to hack your invoicing system. :P
@_date: 2015-05-15 20:40:26


Alright, then I guess you also do not "agree" to be forced to sleep or breathe or ingest food in order to survive, or to eventually perish within a hundred or so years after your birth.
It sounds to me as though nature itself is stealing magnitudes more from you than any government is. An infinite amount of irreplaceable time by failing to grant you immortality, 1/3 of the remaining mortal time you have on earth to sleep, a good percentage of the remaining, mortal, *awake* time just to secure foodstuffs and shelter to prevent an early demise or biochemically induced suffering..
Or we could simply drop *your* mental gymnastics of "people should not be allowed to do any things I personally disprefer" and accept the limitations of the reality that we all live within. Among those, that it is less expensive in aggregate (by many magnitudes) to provide ambient services to all residents of a geographic area (such as police, fire suppression, roads, national defense, dispute resolution) and then to require (by force if needed) all said residents to abide by laws unique to that area and pay taxes to support said services than it is to pander to individualized angst about demanding to live here without having to follow any of the local rules or requirements.
@_date: 2015-05-20 23:24:29
But [IE6 has less than 1% of marketshare]( Is this just for your own projects or curiosity? :o
@_date: 2014-01-05 08:04:18
\ is the name of the bot OP is referring to. It's name includes the hashtag.
Do you ever hear people in conversation complain "I am not a web browser" when you mention Overstock.com to them? õ_O
@_date: 2015-05-22 20:48:34


I disagree: I think they have an incentive to advertise sufficiently to make a viewer think it's worth X, and then give them basically nothing. Some users will pitch a fuss and warn other users, but most will float blissfully in from faceplustube or wherever and keep throwing pennies into the well. And then the erstwhile content creator gets to roll a new online persona and do it all over again with a clean rep and freshly astroturfed buzz.


That's quite a broad generalization, though. Tons of people provide content on Youtube and DeviantArt, even before any sort of ad revenue sharing was in place and today even without tapping into that. Lauren Faust was a Deviantart user before taking the helm of MLP, and Erika Mitchell published Master of the Universe for free, online, as twilight fan fic before it got cleaned up for legal clearance and repackaged as the best selling novel of all time.
Patreon et al demonstrate that people are willing to engage with an audience without more than perhaps briefly delaying work to non-paying subscribers or giving out unrelated benefits like bonuses and offers to vote on future content to the paid subscribers.
I feel like that's a hell of a better shape for how *canned information* should be disseminated, anyway. For every paywall like OPs with canned content behind like a comics archive or television/movies/music (in contrast to dynamic, subscription content like access to an MMO or software support or custom fetish porn or webcam shows, etc) the canned content can simply be re-shared for free by any robin-hood user who feels like liberating it.
Conversely, content merely delayed to unpaying subscribers suffers no such reasonable danger, since people who may either be on the fence about financial support or who care about the content source are treated with respect instead of being walled off like peasants. Even if somebody robin-hooded to defeat the content delay, most unpaying people would voluntarily wait their turn to get the content properly from a creator who respects them in contrast to giving the finger to the lord of the elitist paywall or even taking their *only* available chance to evaluate whether or not it is content worth paying for.
@_date: 2015-05-20 05:04:51
No dskloet means that you overpay to begin with, eg instead of "I know I want 5 minutes so I pay for 5" it's "I know I want *less than* 60 minutes, so I pay for 60 and give you a change address you can send unused portion to after call completes".
Any trouble with user payment to you being delayed is no different in above idea than it already is. If it takes a little time for your system to spool the refund back thanks to initial payment not confirming even after the call is over, then user can't reasonably complain about that either. ;)
@_date: 2014-09-24 22:04:50
And who had a reader in 1969? Were you going to rip these Chubb company terminals off of the wall? Bear in mind that magstripe was not even used in credit cards yet by this time.
@_date: 2015-05-20 05:14:35


If it functions, and you are sitting somewhere with a computer and a bitcoin balance but no access to paypal/bank/credit/debit/etc, then how else do you recommend that somebody call out to a landline outside the US?
Gtalk is still (experimentally) free for US calls, but charges to all other numbers, Skype charges for all numbers, US or not. Neither accept Bitcoin.
It sounds like an innovation to me, and if you feel the price is wrong then whining about it is a waste of breath when you could just compete them out of business instead and *be* the innovation that you claim is possible.
@_date: 2015-05-04 21:07:21
Obviously they don't care because delusional reddit neckbeards didn't bother to perform any consumer satisfaction surveys to confirm whether high fees are a popular feature or not.
Author claims that they have, and that consumers are overjoyed to pay high fees for no reasons whatsoever! Yay fees. :D How could we have been so insensitive to have not figured this out in business school?
@_date: 2015-05-26 23:33:57
Don't even look at the price, you don't want to know how badly it's cratering. But I'm here for you! I'll take those off your hands at $100 so that you don't have to suffer double digits! :D
@_date: 2014-07-03 17:12:23
What would you need to be adjusted hourly for you? Your "hours worked" only need to be converted into "Bitcoin" at the end of every pay period.
@_date: 2014-02-23 16:19:28


If you did not identify for small amounts, then there would be nothing left to stop people from doing the small amounts many times in order to skirt identification for large amounts.


What can an antagonist do with palm veins that they can't already do at a distance with your photo (in the same database) and facial recognition?


First, let's replace "on the planet" with "in the country", because that is the jurisdiction of "The government" that you mention. Next: yes, every ATM and currency exchange in the united states requires the same: proof of identity, normally in the form of state issued ID. Palm vein is nothing but a shortcut to prevent having to run your face and ID, probably manually, every time you return to the ATM.
@_date: 2014-09-03 01:17:32
Who said anything about nudity? We are talking about privacy in general. Her nude shots were no more intended for public consumption than her bank pin or bitcoin private keys are. What empowers hackers or the public to plunder one kind of her personal information and not the other?
@_date: 2015-05-20 23:31:12
You mean livestock-unfriendly.
@_date: 2015-05-28 01:41:46


Why do you even bother speculating on what I know or don't know when you continue to happily illustrate having no clue what I have even said thus far?
I did not say that one block is banned from being amazingly late compared to it's previous block, I said that the timestamp of a block is not allowed to stray beyond tolerance of what the *[network consensus of the current time is]( Specifically, the lower bound of median of past 11 blocks and upper bound of median of time published by all connected nodes + 2 hours.
This is what prevents miners from submitting a new block 6 minutes after the last block with a timestamp of "2037-01-29", which would then force blocks that endorse it to use later still timestamps and nerf the next difficulty round. On the other hand, in the only hypothetically possible situation where the network remains online for long enough that it is *actually* 2037 before the next block is found, peer consensus (that you have to have faith everybody else will concur with) guarantees that your new fangled timestamp will finally pass collective muster.
The results of some miners colluding to claim timestamps that are both false and early are a bit trickier, as you will be able to get away with that for a (very) short time but every time a non-participating miner mines a block she's just going to time stamp it with today's date. That means that during the 2016 block period that the difficulty calculation is based on, any block found by a non-participator near the end of that string ruins your entire effort. This activity will not *lead* to a hard fork, but since it will also be ineffective it is moot: the change in difficulty being discussed cannot occur without either a hard fork or virtually 100% agreement, the latter of which would eliminate any concern over a hard fork to begin with.
@_date: 2015-05-19 01:22:23


Now imagine neither party having to disclose their identities to a third party or even to each other as any sort of fundamental part of the transaction, no party besides the two being able to block the transaction or freeze anyone's assets, 24/7/365 with no geographic boundaries of any kind or branch offices to find, just access to the generic global communications network.. and all told it costs ~$0.03usd.
@_date: 2014-02-23 15:35:19
[Please read my question to an identical assertion above](
@_date: 2014-01-05 15:55:46
Nov 30 is one of the many times when the value of bitcoin was higher than it had ever been preceding. So that's one sign.
While you can never be 100% certain you're on a local peak, Bitcoin doesn't locally peak all that frequently either. If you bought any time prior to Nov 15, then Bitcoin never dropped that low again. Same story for Apr 1 in the Apr 8 bubble, Mid-may of the Jun 2011 bubble, etc.
Basically, 's choosing Nov 30 as the fateful buy-in day is just the texas sharp-shooter fallacy at work. 95% of the times over the past 5 years you could have bought into bitcoin would have seen you a richer person should you sell out at some higher point within 30 days. The other 5% you had to wait longer, up to a maximum of 8 months. 
@_date: 2015-05-14 04:20:25
Which makes it different from Paypal.. how?
Fuck it, I'll [research the thing](


Right, less different from Paypal than Ebay is: Paypal with a different end user interface.
@_date: 2015-05-20 23:27:32
There are, but there must exist competitive and global incentives to mine for this style of PoW blockchain to function. Money is one such incentive, veracity of your own site security is another. "Because a closed bureaucracy told you to do your job" is not: attackers with global resources such as retired mining rigs from other blockchains will always easily outcompete them.
@_date: 2014-09-04 18:52:58
I'm not aware of any bitcoiners who boycott a business for accepting Doge or any alt whatsoever alongside Bitcoin. Who would that matter to?
@_date: 2015-05-20 23:46:34
Apparently they failed at the Superbowl, and made my plane trip to Texas unusually difficult. :O
@_date: 2014-06-26 06:24:23


Cyprus is part of the European Union, and all of their banks are centrally managed by the European Central Bank. Are you telling me that if there's a run on banks in Louisiana that it's no biggy because they're not a first world *state*?
Or is all of Europe a second class financial framework to you? I mean I can't tell, you seem to think that "most" and "majority" don't mean the same thing either. But I do know that a butt-ton of Bitcoiners live in Europe.


Gold is a commodity, and the only rule is "hold this for me and I'll pay interest for the trouble". If I head down to my storage shed I pay for monthly, and they don't let me in and say "give us six months to slowly mete out the contents to you (while we find passable replacements to panic-buy on craigslist, *cough cough*) then I'm suing their asses off.
But that's back to our topic, which is that you pay the bank for a safe deposit box while you neither pay for your checking *nor for it's FDIC insurance*. And as we all know, "if you're not paying for a service, then you're not the customer to begin with: you're just the product".
@_date: 2015-05-27 04:05:46


That's lovely. But did I mention lending credence to anybody's fake work anywhere in my examples? We were discussing throwing away the 5TB block mid-download because 6-10 *more fully verified* blocks were found that orphaned it than supported it. On top of the fact that the blocks supporting it can't be lent very much credence even if they can get a simple work verification of their own until after the 5TB download were allowed to finish.
So if you *get* 6-10 *fully verified* blocks on a longer chain why would you not just abort the 5TB? So what if "somebody started working on the 5TB"? Unless they pulled 6-10 blocks ahead since then, they should see the same 6-10 superior blocks that you saw and leave it alone as well or be left behind on the orphaned chain.


.. which in turn is a fairly recent innovation. But it's not solving any spam problem at all unless it declines to download block *headers* on failed chains.
Like I said, I get your 5TB header, and I get the headers on every block that endorses it as well as every block that refuses it. I get the bodies on all of the latter blocks since they are small enough to get while 5TB sits in the pipeline, and then after the refusals (which gain the additional benefit of being fully verified) outnumber the spurious endorsements by 6-10 or so, I can conditionally stop the 5TB body download at least until that balance appears to change.
And like I mentioned regardless of all of this, a "no more than 2x the size of any verified block I've seen in the past thousand chain links" would be a fast and congestion free way to nip the entire 5TB block attack concern in the bud. 
@_date: 2015-05-08 22:18:50
But Gavin's code *does* increase the blocksize incrementally per time period already. Thus, adopting this change will not put us "back where we are" unless we determine that the curve he chose was somehow just not aggressive enough, or something.
@_date: 2015-05-29 03:25:05
At a guess, the part of your comment that I quoted: comparing Bitcoin to incumbent fiat currencies. The presumption that more human beings will naturally just start using "the solution that solves all of their problems" than will just lazily stick to the same hackjob partial solution that they were raised to believe was the only way to do things.
I believe that Bitcoin will succeed, but it won't be because a supermajority of primates all decided to behave rationally one day nor would I invest any money on waiting for that as a first step. Instead, the innovators have to find dominant avenues to profit first, outcompeting any players who refused to use the same advantage.
You cannot make the skeptics fall in line nor rely on that as a precondition. You must make the line dominantly profitable, so that whoever isn't there stops mattering and then hope *only for their own sakes* that they wise up and trail along afterwards, tail between their legs.
But, to be fair I don't know what a killer app like that will look like yet, either. So I'm keeping my eyes peeled and my imagination open. :3
@_date: 2015-05-26 19:38:57
0.7 to 0.8 was a hard fork update. Virtually nobody kept running 0.7 by then because of the March 2013 actual hard fork got everyone's attention that there was a hurdle to jump, but trying to run 0.7 code now would fail to validate most of the legitimate blockchain and if you mined against it you would start a hard fork dating back to the first noncompliant block after 0.8 finally did take over.
@_date: 2014-01-03 02:43:40
I don't really have any intel not already in the title, gleaned from the page itself.
In case it changes, [here's an imgur screengrab as of Jan 2 6:41pm pst](
I've sold Bitcoins through Tangible's FC4B before it was bullied off of the air, and always had a good experience.. but always at smaller amounts, and I've never heard any negative chatter about him. :J
@_date: 2014-02-04 00:38:21
Right, so by allowing paypal contributions in Iranian rial's are they tacitly supporting the Iranian government?
In no uncertain terms, what he is saying is that *my money is not good enough for him*. The adage "beggers cannot be choosers" applies here quite well, I think.
@_date: 2015-05-20 23:58:30
Aww, man. That really sucks. But there are so many Canadian landfills, you know? *Which one* should I .. er .. avoid dumping valuable things in, eh? ;3
@_date: 2014-09-27 23:11:16
.. That depends quite heavily upon the credit rating of your parents.
Source: got my kid a bank account, they credit checked us up the wazoo over it.
@_date: 2014-10-30 21:47:24
There were a loud number of people who hated it the instant it was formed, long before anybody was even certain who would be in it. So I know there are motives beyond distrust of any individual. In fact I even know what those motives are, I'm just curious how they look through the perspective of haters. *shrug*
@_date: 2014-08-17 00:45:35
Let me put it this way: this is the first time I've heard of anything negative (not that I've heard anything positive either) about coindesk. So color me informed, and I get to shitlist them now.
If you believe "it's a shitty website anyways" then why do you give a damn about protecting their "right" to do what they want to do with their trollbox .. against .. people with no power aside from saying whatever *they* want and no longer visiting?
@_date: 2015-05-27 02:08:47
It... can't bring *anything* to the table if you break it's capacity to reliably form transactions.
Imagine that Reddit tomorrow decides to levy a fee before it will post your comment, only you have to pay the fee before they decide if it's enough. They set a kitchen timer to an average of 10 minutes (sometimes 1 minute, sometimes an hour) and whatever 1,000 comments offered the most lavish tributes before the secret timer goes off get posted while all other comments are silently discarded.
Oh, you can resubmit them! Or try to submit them again with higher tribute if you're worried. So aside from burning money, good luck babysitting your comment for days on end just trying to get it applied before the parent topic has grown stale.
I guess that would ensure that *only the most serious and high quality* posts make it on Reddit, and suddenly it would be a much more deep and meaningful place to browse, wouldn't it? And no way in hell anybody would just take the open source reddit code and remake the platform that was already previously working quite popularly and re-implement what was never broken to begin with.
@_date: 2015-05-22 01:52:32
I hear Sdice is still fairly volatile. :B
@_date: 2015-05-06 20:22:15
You are subjunctly suggesting that offering a higher fee is a winning strategy in the hypothetical situation where the blockchain limit is raised. is arguing that that is false because there exists no sufficiently high fee to guarantee a transaction gets approved. The presumption of a winning strategy also presumes that everybody who cares will try to follow it, and since a percentage of them are *necessarily guaranteed* to fail the strategy is provably not a winning one.
Yes, it is true that *if* there is a winner *then* they must have paid a high fee. But that is not prescriptive: it is not true that *if* you want to win *then* there exists a fee you can choose to pay at the outset which guarantees success.
@_date: 2015-05-29 02:26:58
Why, do you have "documented evidence" that people are panning Circle's 0-1% fees to purchase bitcoin via CC when they could pay 30-40% premiums to purse.io instead?
By all means, go round up a *single* purse.io bitcoin buyer to do an AMA about their motivations and to demonstrate how that side of the business could possibly have a market outside of fraud.
@_date: 2014-10-01 18:09:15
And the Bitcoin economy is supposed to be strengthened by the endorsement of spoiled, impatient, cheapskate, first world illiterates precisely *how*?
Your time, your skill, your commission to put up with the lack of either of the first two, or begone with your parasitic entitlement.
@_date: 2014-12-18 00:36:14


What obviously are you talking about here?
If Bob is new to Bitcoin, but wants to take advantage of the merchant's 10% discount offering or wants greater anonymity in case of another target breach or whatever, then he will buy the bitcoin and the merchant will sell it. All pressure is balanced.
If Bob is a long term holder and wants to maintain his bitcoin balances, then he will have to top back off after spending from his btc holdings. Again, all pressure is balanced.
The only scenario where sell pressure exists is Bob *reducing his BTC balance* to get a PS4. He could do this by selling off BTC and buying the PS4 through fiat, or by purchasing at a neutral merchant so long as in neither case does he restock his BTC balance.
But no matter what, *Bob is selling off the BTC he used to be holding* and that is the ultimate source of the sell pressure. The merchant adoption is nothing but one more way he gets to leak his balance aside from the exchanges.
@_date: 2014-02-23 15:56:45
So long as your machine can transact tens of thousands of USD worth to the same person, then the AML and KYC laws will be enforced.
@_date: 2014-07-16 21:08:57


@_date: 2014-04-03 01:09:21
IIRC it only displays the private key passphrase when you first create the private key. So you have to write that down before you can start to use the device, or else after that point there is no way to display it again short of *erasing* your private keys and creating a fresh set. (which is a perfectly viable option if you temporarily move your coin elsewhere, then move back to fresh set after wipe.. :3)
@_date: 2014-05-24 02:45:14


It isn't asking to make sure he owns the bank account or is authorized to request the withdrawal, it is asking *about the source of the bitcoins he deposited*.
@_date: 2014-03-08 15:47:21
Who has zero incentive to influence the price in any direction but up, yet zero capacity to influence the price in any direction but down? (By flash dumping his own coins and thus sacrificing a majority of their value in the same act)
@_date: 2015-05-27 00:36:29
The current system moves a lot more than 1.6kbps of data, sweetheart. International wires move more than that, interbank settlements move more than that, SWIFT moves more than that.
If they did not, then every bank on earth could just connect to one another over AOL's dial-up to handle settlement traffic and leave those lines fallow 90% of the time even during the holidays.
@_date: 2015-05-14 04:06:25
Well, the dividends to shareholder transactions would not be recorded on the blockchain, only the transfer of ownership of stock.
@_date: 2014-12-22 19:01:44
Butters can't even quote the appropriate part of a comment, wind up aiming ridicule at their own reflections instead.
My recommendation: try something other than ridiculing anything that moves, especially when your aim is so poor. Have you tried, maybe: being constructive? Maybe some courtesy, or cooperation with your fellow man? Honest, it's really not as boring as it probably sounds. ;3
@_date: 2014-01-31 02:57:09


That's still cheaper than any Credit card or Paypal fees, so I don't see it as a deterrent.
Better still, they can pass the 1.55% part as an elective to whatever customer volunteers for that extra protection step.


That's BS though, Paypal *is* escrow and you don't have "payment in hand" for up to 6 months (chargeback-proof) or 3 days (ACH to bank) depending on how you measure it.
@_date: 2015-05-29 01:09:12
Such as laughter whilst rolling on the floor?
That's not going to get my money to Cambodia any faster, chucklehead.
@_date: 2015-05-14 22:12:07
I am utterly convinced you have no idea what that word means. I have to assume you think it means "anybody who disagrees with me", thus to save time I will simply humor you and say "Yup, total commie".
@_date: 2014-09-03 00:59:38
So how famous must a person become before hackers are entitled to breach their privacy and the public is entitled to invade through said breach?
Popular among a million? A thousand? A hundred? ten? one?
@_date: 2014-02-23 14:44:38
Then either A&gt; you could withdraw to your wallet and from there move to these other accounts, or B&gt; not benefit from the power of the feature OP is on about. 
Or .. if the feature were a limited *list* of static or BIP32 withdrawl addresses, and better still if the other exchanges allowed BIP32 deposit addresses.. then you'd be set. ;3
@_date: 2015-05-27 01:47:00
But the network does not gain strength from "number or diversity of nodes". It gains strength from number and diversity of *miners* (which today means mining pools, primarily) and from users *running their own full nodes* to verify their own transactions.
Thus, every node that doesn't verify transactions for a user is really little more than a waste of bandwidth for the nodes who do to constantly feed it.
And I guarantee that any user happy to spend $35-$50 wire fees just to position a transaction promptly into a block is not going to be limited to running a node on a dialup connection with an Arduino CPU.
@_date: 2015-05-06 20:35:00


Thus, the amount you must bid in order to make it into the block is how much, *exactly*?
That's right. There is no safe number and there never can be because it relies on what other people will bid *in the future* between your tx submission and the block being found. If you aren't in the top X txn, you wait. Then 10 minutes later, if you still aren't in the top X then you still wait.
Since you keep competing *against transactions who know more about the evolving prices than you did when you first spent*, you are basically guaranteed to win last place and fall out of the mempool.
Maximum block size being reached does not offer us a market it offers us Russian Roulette. 
@_date: 2014-08-06 03:18:20
Bitcoin doesn't care if nobody ever mines it and stops submitting transactions. It has no opinions on anything.
The epiphenomena of actually *using* bitcoin, however? Nobody important is going to use a currency more likely to deal you damage than to help you obtain or secure profit.
Razor sharp sword blades do no good without a hilt.
@_date: 2015-05-26 23:07:51


Do you know what a market order is? It's where I tell the exchange "give me the best price for 1 BTC in USD that is available right now". The exchange automatically matches me with the lowest hanging fruit, I get my BTC and I am on my way. **Done. Deal**. 
Might that price be different than what I expected from looking at the chart several seconds earlier? It is possible, but I am never delayed if time is more precious to me than saving a percent on the spread by posting strategic limit buys instead. And let's be honest: if the price *is* suddenly moving in unexpected ways, delay is the last thing you'd want or it would just keep on moving beyond what you like.


What do you mean here? Do you mean "set your fee to whatever worked for the last block", or "forecast what demand for this block will look like by comparing with nearby blocks, also with similar blocks on matching day of week / day of month / day of year / holiday cycle / unexpected event / etc", or do you simply mean "outbid everyone else who has bid for the next block so far"?
Because guess what every transaction posted *after* yours will do: the last option listed here. Nobody will post a fee that would lose to everyone who has already posted, so they'll set their fee higher and if enough people bribe their way to the front of the line before the block forms then you have already lost.
Is your mobile device even still connected so you can tell that your transaction is consigned to the 3am weary wagon several minutes after posting, or just got shoved off the mempool entirely? 
@_date: 2014-01-28 00:30:32
Lol: pay lawyer hundreds of thousands of dollars just so that he can do his [Jim Carey impersonation]( x3
@_date: 2014-08-18 13:57:19
Res marked concern troll, nothing to see here. Move along. :3
@_date: 2014-07-09 09:59:16
That's because it's easier to use for legit reasons than the "you're not part of our country club" fiat, and harder to use for illegitimate reasons than "HSBC has got your back" fiat.
Bitcoin itself is unchanged between those two use cases but fiat offers a stark gradient, pandering directly to the status quo including organized crime. Bitcoin would be easier for the criminal *if and only if they faced the same friction law abiding users face with fiat*, except that they just don't and thus don't require Bitcoin. :P
@_date: 2014-11-30 00:50:40
If Bob doesn't know Alice' public key to begin with (which was what I was complaining about) then then replace "Alice" in your example with "MiTM attacker dressed like Alice".
@_date: 2015-05-08 22:30:44
"Is Reddit down?" "I don't think so. Rydan is still bitching about something, so he has to have submitted those posts somehow."
@_date: 2016-01-18 10:01:20


Nobody said anything about "planning on not collecting fees". People pay you what your product is worth, you offer them your product. That's business.
All we are talking about is miners choosing to pan fees lower than whatever minimum *they* choose. Every transaction runs up your orphan likelihood, which represents a cost. Mark up that cost and set a minimum fee you will accept. kick out any tx lower than that.
Expecting miners to go out of business without a hard limit on blocksize is about as foolish as expecting all hotel chains in a city to go out of business unless you enforce zoning laws on them limiting the number of rooms they can offer.
Imagine this conversation: "But there can be no fee-market for hotel rooms unless we ensure there are never any vacancies anywhere in town!"
@_date: 2015-05-27 23:10:47
Yep, I agree with all of these words as well as the order in which you have put them. To be clear however I did not intend to suggest that the free market itself was BS, only that they were using the term (and loosely some of the ideas) of the free market amidst their own BS. :B
@_date: 2015-05-29 03:32:35
Hmm. where were you going to try to use purse.io then?  I ask because if it was Amazon or similar, then perhaps either [Gyft]( or [eGifter]( would be able to assist. Since they do not rely on third parties to buy their gift cards, and get them all directly from the vendor themselves, there is no reasonable concern about fraud. :3
@_date: 2015-05-29 02:28:49
I'm happy to send my business directly to the vendor, like Overstock, for cases like that.
But whatever you decide, I wish you luck getting your goods my friend. :D
@_date: 2015-05-21 00:30:39
Another view is that speculation can inflate a price but cannot easily depress it beyond a utility floor because all of the people holding the commodity for actual use keep it sufficiently rare that speculators can do nothing to make it look more plentiful than that floor.
Given that, adoption boosts the floor beneath which speculators cannot depress the price. This may not link adoption directly to stagnation, but it can at least link it to *capacity* for stagnation in contrast to growing adoption.
@_date: 2014-12-04 00:54:42
There are equally companies like Coinbase who will hold your Bitcoins for you.
What kind of conversation is this, even? You either do the work yourself, get somebody to do the work for you, or suffer risk because you didn't put any effort in regardless of your currency. 
@_date: 2014-12-09 22:05:55
Nothing happened. Article is BS, price drop is Auction winners liquidating their coin back into USD, lol. ;3
@_date: 2014-12-09 23:53:41
On the contrary, please remember that just because we are not trolling like you doesn't mean that we are circlejerking. :3
@_date: 2014-07-29 22:47:30
Given that this is your answer to somebody inviting you to *use* the internet to do some research on your claims, and actually learn how people who lack your privilege work out alternate solutions to common problems (hint: civilization predates water and electricity utility companies by several thousand years) I would say you entirely can make this stuff up and then shove the words in other people's mouths as you are so awkwardly demonstrating.
Of course even that is hard to do without the Internet.
@_date: 2015-05-29 03:07:25


But nothing in this narrative relies upon the volume of changes in the fork, only in the players involved and which fork they decided to participate in. Hell, Cryptsy probably would have become one of the biggest stake-holders and profited more by supporting the new fork, so their motivation even runs *counter* to the volume of changes offered.
@_date: 2015-05-15 00:36:12
Ah ha. When I tagged him [I called out one of the posts I was seeing in his history at the time](
That was handy! :3
@_date: 2014-01-16 21:09:22
To be fair, Betteridge's law is not meant to claim what the *true* answer is, just what the author's point is going to be. Author could still just be wrong. :P
@_date: 2014-06-11 22:31:09


Well, let's see. Actual business potential is fixed, fraud potential is limitless. Therefore we will have to charge ∞% for legitimate use in order to cover our asses for the limitless and undeterable levels of fraud we are forced to accept by the nature of this business model.
@_date: 2014-07-26 11:06:00


How do you feel about the multisig offerings like greenaddress.it? :3
@_date: 2015-05-19 01:47:05


@_date: 2015-05-26 20:24:35
You do not make it. The 1000 transactions that people post after you, higher than your price (thanks to the superpower of hindsight) and prior to the next block make it.
Can you predict what a thousand tx posted after yours will do? Then you cannot predict what price will be needed to get into a block.
Do you plan to post a hundred copies of your tx with varying tx fees and let the network sort the dead ones out of the mempool after one of them is finally accepted? Are you going to plug your Trezor back in and jump through the hoops to resign transactions with different fees every time the stakes grow, or just leave your wallet unencrypted on a computing device that has to remain online for the next 24 hours or so to do battle in automated auctions on your behalf?
Are we going to develop sniping services like Ebay auctions became notorious for, where people are afraid to reveal how high they'll really push their TX up for fear of an arms race? Will users start pushing txn directly to miners with instructions not to rebroadcast just to prevent the public guessing how high they are bidding? Then you can't even compete with txn from the *past*.
If Bitcoin ever becomes a congestion auction playground — where it's a crapshoot whether your transaction will ever even get seen let alone confirmed unless you compete in the "watch me light fire to more money than anybody else today would ever even dare to" contests — then I (and most likely everybody else who gives a damn about a functional money system) will simply find the best available alt to migrate to while demand flight craters your masochistic unit value.
@_date: 2014-07-02 07:00:59


No, better still: Convince the blonde to print some of these expensive bitcoins for you.
If she had said "I can dig up diamonds/gold/whatever in my backyard", I would simply be handing her a shovel.
So long as you can easily sell asset X for $Y, and it's that easy to dig out of your backyard, only an idiot would be talking instead of digging: end of.
@_date: 2015-05-08 20:02:28


I am absolutely never going to understand why people on your side of the debate keep forgetting that "maximum size" is not constant size.
Setting the max to 20MB will not require you to sync 20MB for every block unless and until 30 times as many transactions begin to flood the blockchain.


Is this as a consequence of not running your node 24/7, and only turning it on once per month or something? Because 56k dialup and a raspberry pi can sync every 200-700kb block we are churning out today in less than 10 seconds apiece.


This is a consequence of the system being 1&gt; used and 2&gt; able to function at all. If you leave the block size at 1MB, and that fills, then it will cost significantly greater than "a good internet connection" for you to perform any bitcoin transaction, at all, ever.
@_date: 2015-05-08 22:26:09
I vote for Magento support. :3
@_date: 2014-10-14 08:12:31
You can always print the cards before you go to the store.
@_date: 2014-03-06 19:37:58
Name one?
*waits patiently*
That said, the primary focus of Julian's leaks was demonstrating corrupt misuse of governmental power *including* the endangerment and murder of thousands of people. Hopefully his actions will help keep others safe in the future.
Leah McGrath Goodman has contributed .. what now?
@_date: 2014-05-06 19:06:33
Here's my prediction: getting to $5kusd will require about ten times as much utility as we currently have, by way of either mass merchant or financial institution adoption or inexpensive security and convenience solutions like Trezor or an easily usable and cost effective debit card solution or innovative new business models coming online such as decentralized remittance.
@_date: 2014-08-10 11:20:58
Fewer still fetishize pissing on people who enjoy novel payment technologies in order to make themselves feel superior.
But you're not only a member of that unique club, *you're the president!* xD
@_date: 2015-05-02 22:55:36
Freeze means [they've already used it to buy a margarita machine]( :P
@_date: 2015-05-29 01:06:32


@_date: 2015-05-29 00:59:02
Yeah, that's about like using the Internet in 1995 to run a fax service w/o long distance telephone fees, but then not allowing other Internet users to hook into your service to take over either end of the fax transaction electronically. :/
"Oh, it would confuse people to mention anything that doesn't involve yet another fax machine!"
@_date: 2015-05-29 02:09:24
Um... why would so many people buy at a premium like that at purse.io on purpose, with their own money, that anybody who wants to shop at 25-30% discount will be continually served? Where in your fevered imagination do you think purse.io could find such gullible Bitcoin buyers, and why wouldn't purse just sell them pet rocks instead if they were really that dull?
No: you have a steady supply of buyers because they are simply *not* buying with their own money. They are fencing stolen cards and leading all investigations to the people who get the products delivered to them at the end of the chain.
@_date: 2015-05-27 01:02:17


Today. Without making it a challenge to run a personal node.
If one bil people made an average of 10tx per day, that would amount to 10 bil let's say 1kb transactions per day or 115 megabits of data per second, filling 3.65 petabytes of storage space per year. With today's tech that's about half a million dollars per year to store the bits for a single node and given Google Fiber's $100/mo price point, people living in the right residential areas can handle the 115mbps side of things with 7/8 of their bandwidth left to spare for netflix and gaming.
Now, would anybody run such a node? Well, I sure as hell would find out how many of those billion people would like to pay me to SPV off of my node, and see if that can't offset the $500k per annum disk upkeep, etc.
Do you think users would prefer to pay node operators $50/yr (so ten thousand said users finance my node) and still pay relatively low tx fees to the miners? Or do you think they want to pay wire-like rates of $35-$50 *per transaction* just to move any money on the blockchain at all?
That said, disk prices are dropping much faster than financial activity volume is increasing, so what costs half a mil this year will cost a quarter of a mil next year and by the time the volume of traffic we're talking about could *actually* hit our little network, the disk price will have shrunk down to a tempest in a teapot.
OTOH, 1MB blocks are filling every now and again *right now*, and once they begin doing so reliably then unprepared people's transactions will begin failing every bit as unprofessionally as if the network just intermittently stopped processing traffic. And who's going to keep their money on a network that can no longer be relied upon to transact it *at all*?
Ninja Edit: [per your comment downthread from here]( I can see that we are primarily on the same page, at least. ;3
@_date: 2015-01-07 03:56:15
Well, first of all it isn't "money for" anything it's gambling between the participants. Secondly it *does* produce narrower spreads and tighter, more responsive pricing than you would otherwise get with slow trades.
It means that market opinion of an asset being more or less valuable than a microsecond ago is more likely to be represented by the price that you (as an LFT) try to buy or sell for.
@_date: 2014-12-15 07:53:34
Really, so OP said that he would illegally exploit services that failed to pay him? It sounded to me like he would not put forth effort to find chinks in the armor of services that do not pay out at all.
@_date: 2014-02-07 22:49:24
I was just thinking about how LBC traders could try to fend this off.
Thought that came to mind was "have your phone record all audio". But then it hit me: if they arrest you and simply make up the "sharing plans of criminal activity" with you (helpful drama for PR, but not necessary to actually try you in court), then you'll be in a difficult position to actually *share* that audio to try to vindicate yourself.
Besides, even if you could it wouldn't get you off of the hook in court where the charge is literally "sold more than $300 of a virtual commodity without performing a cavity search on the buyer first and shipping stool samples to Washington for further analysis, *and* without spending hundreds of thousands of dollars and countless years maneuvering the byzantine licencing requirements".
@_date: 2015-05-08 23:22:44
The real question is why don't you have anything better to do with your life than harassing people for your own amusement.
I mean it's hard to express just how creepy and stalky it is to let it sink in how much attention you are paying to people whom you [overtly dislike]( to read every word that they say just to try to craft responses that might make them the right kind of uncomfortable for you to get your rocks off.
@_date: 2015-05-08 19:32:50
They are no more incentivized to fill a block than a hotel is to auction off rooms to fill the building.
Auctioning, be it hotel rooms or positions in the block you are building, devalues the commodity and trains buyers to expect lower prices. Who would be incentivized to devalue their own goods?
The rational behavior for any mining pool is to draw a line in the sand and simply say "This pool refuses all txn with less than X fee." and then to advertise that as loudly as possible. Then every customer who wants their tx to clear right away will know that they had better pay X fee or there is a non-zero chance the next block will be found by that guy and they will have to wait.
It's the market's version of self-respect. Would you jump into an outhouse pit just because you watched me pour $1,000usd worth of pennies into it?
@_date: 2015-05-08 22:13:23


These costs are as irrelevant to our discussion as the color of the paint on the walls. Hotels set retail price quite a lot higher than their bare cost to rent out the room, and that markup is the only portion we are discussing today.
A Hotel will not cut into it's markup even at 3am with rooms to spare and a line of people offering cost+$0.01.
Would you? Then why should a mining pool?


Setting a rational minimum TX limit does not *require* Cartel behavior, though it does tend to snowball into that direction of it's own accord.
Today the protocol defaults (perhaps even out of date ones?) specify minimum TX in the vicinity of 0.0001BTC, or USD equivalents of 2.5 cents. At 2.5c per 1kb, filling a 1MB block renders a reward of $25usd. Therefor the maximum amount of money you could *ever* throw away per 1MB block due to turning away tx fees less than 2.5c is $25.
What *rational* pool participants will switch in order to fight over their thin slice of $25 per ultra-rare block (once per week? once per month?) in preference to joining a pool that enforces a minimum TX size and demonstrating dozens of cumulative microseconds of patience to train the public to pay them what they are actually worth?
"I am sorry Mister Merriwhether, but I must resign from your company because I saw somebody from payroll walk down the hallway last thursday and she never stooped down to pick up a nickel laying on the floor. That nickel could have increased company revenue and thus my wages, so I will work for a company that picks up every damned nickel that it sees, thank you very much!"
@_date: 2015-05-27 02:10:11
You literally just said "the current system performs it's job on no more than 1MB per ten minutes". Direct refutation of this is kind of what the word "relevant" means.
@_date: 2015-01-20 01:46:16


You mean aside from "[not being free]( (transaction costs as well as buyer-fraud losses are simply swept under the rug at the merchant who is monopolistically and illegally forced to spread said cost to non-credit-card customers as well) and "[not being secure]( given that 1/20 of the adult US population got hit by a grand total of $54 Billion dollars of loss due to Identity Theft in 2009 alone. 
With Bitcoin, if you need to reserve a resource you can just explicitly use an escrow service. infrastructural decisions like that should get easier and more transparent over time, and every transaction you make using Bitcoin is one more transaction where you are not leaking your PII to scammers who intend to impersonate you to drain your accounts or ruin your credit.
@_date: 2015-01-06 22:52:26
Yes, this is the standard procedure to introduce any major protocol change in the bitcoin network. You gain a majority tacit agreement to the new protocol and software, then make the consensus rules change automatically at a certain block height in the future giving everybody sufficient time to update their software to new code which will honor the new consensus rules at that height.
There will always be *some* people who aren't paying enough attention and running old code, potentially even miners (especially vanity miners running GPUs and jalepenos just for fun), and they will be left behind after the planned change since their out of date code will reject the new protocol blocks.
@_date: 2015-01-02 11:31:12
From use, I paid for a month on Xhamster a couple of months ago in order to more easily download some HD clips. I used bitcoin, and it was awexome. :P
@_date: 2015-01-22 00:33:58


As is: Coinbase, Circle, Bitpay, and BIPS.
But you don't have to be a coinbase user to get money from another coinbase user: any service which converts Bitcoin can do that for you. Or you can even handle the Bitcoin by hand if you choose. You *do* have to be a Paypal user to get money from another Paypal user, however.


When did make that distinction? Perhaps he is a merchant, smartass. 
@_date: 2015-05-26 21:04:25
But "full block" auctioning is nothing like bitcoin to dollar exchanges.
When I want to buy 1BTC, I buy it from the least expensive sell offer available. All of the sell offers are visible, anyone can change their advertisement at any time, but whatever is live when I initiate a market order (or when the latter of any buyer and seller post ads that cross each other) becomes a done deal.
Now imagine an exchange where only the 10 highest buy offers every hour get to proceed, regardless what price people are trying to sell at, and sellers get matched to them first come first serve. Would you offer a price much higher than market value on this exchange? Would you put up with waiting for the hour to close just to find out that a bunch of other people decided they were going to bid $100 over market just to be dicks (or because this exchange stopped allowing them to withdraw money until they've made a conversion first)?
Who would even use an exchange like that where you'll never even know what prices you are competing against until it's too late to beat them? Especially when sane exchanges exist in it's place.
Now imagine a bitcoin without full blocks. Miners still must be paid txn fees (as the subsidies dwindle over time) to remain in business, so eventually they must raise (and loudly advertise) the minimum fees they will accept. Other miners may be able to pick up all the pennies that such miners refuse to bend over for, but no miner has an incentive to *loudly advertise* accepting bottom basement fees.. and eventually the revenue from sweeping up dust will be less for any individual miner than the incremental change in user behavior from joining the minimum fee bandwagon.
Users will see fees advertised from a spectrum of miners at a spectrum of price points, and be able to guestimate what percentage of global hashes are boycotting them at each price point and thus how badly their transaction may be delayed by being a cheapskate. Some miner may advertise a too-high price, and people will risk delay to avoid paying that while any miners advertising a reasonable price are liable to see growing chunks of users offering that fee to help ensure prompt inclusion in a block.
At the end of the day, accepting 1 satoshi fees can *never* profit you a larger grand total than 0.0002BTC (~$0.05usd), so why would you ever do that when sacrificing that dust that can never earn more than a nickel can reasonably induce people to offer you larger revenue?
@_date: 2015-01-29 00:49:05


Because you *can't*: It does not work that way.
Banks are not going to use Blockchain technology to try to reduce their server infrastructure down to background processes on their employee's laptops, even if that *were* possible (which it still isn't). They still want overpowered servers running in controlled environments, and that's never going to change.
Banks already have secure channels to communicate to one another, whether that is via dedicated circuit or encrypted channel over the internet. The only thing they *require* in order to keep a *centralized* global ledger is to forward any debit and credit requests from the client institution, along these links, to the central database and record it. Deed done. This is exactly zero cycles more work than any possible HTTPS request, and it's clearance time is the latency between the requestor and the central database instead of "10 minute block solving times" or whatever that Blockchains require.
If they want to be able to *access* this database from a large number of locations (eg, a local copy in your region) and survive the loss of one or more of the central nodes, they only need to click the "replication" checkbox in Oracle's GUI deployment manager *and they are done*. The database is now redundant, high availability, and replicated to as many damned locations as they please.
This does not require a Facebook datacenter. If they are using a system like this to handle one million TPS, then their network links will clog long before their CPU power gives out, and that same limitation would be ten times worse using any manner of blockchain.
The *only* thing that Blockchain technology offers as any kind of a positive is the capacity to *remove administrative control from any single person or organization* and grant it instead to an algorithm that is consensually run by a very large collection of mutually distrusting nodes. 
If the nodes trusted one another, the entire tech is wasted because then all they have to do is communicate honestly to one another instead of competing on proof of work to settle their endless differences. The backbone of Blockchain tech is to continually compete mining in order to prove how much CPU time has been sacrificed by a global notary network that an event has actually occurred and that history cannot be re-written tomorrow. Banks do not *want* that, they *want* utter control over the central database, up to and beyond the power to re-write history.
@_date: 2014-12-12 23:51:34
.. you mean like Linux Mint?
@_date: 2015-01-20 23:56:18
If your grandma is anything like my grandma who religiously hunts down coupons in multiple papers and drives to seven different stores every weekend just to apply all the right coupons to all the right offers like it's some kind of god damned video game, or my mother who does the same but mixed in with scanning UPS codes onto her sweepstakes iPhone app, then yeah. This kind of sounds like it is right up their alleys. :P
@_date: 2014-03-03 11:08:57
Monday morning banks opening.
@_date: 2014-02-28 21:12:19
I don't care that I'm forced to tell untruths, I care that the Government will happily force that of me and wind up setting the precedent in the public eye that you can *literally never* trust another word a company tells you about any topic whatsoever, because the Government may have coerced them into spouting propaganda to serve some opaque and unanswerable "national interest". 
Or that they may demur in said game of chicken and allow the canary to function as intended.
@_date: 2015-01-20 00:10:11
Sheds a single tear. Have some more downvotes for your "proof of martyrdom" compost pile then. *chokes up sobbing*, ^^so ^^brave!
@_date: 2015-01-19 23:30:52
Unsolicited duplicate content is [SPAM]( so let's see what the "a few times" threshold looks like to the Reddit admins.
@_date: 2015-01-07 02:58:37
Pool won't matter because pool *participants* do not use a node to share their hashing work, the only node is run by the pool operator and you can be *danged* sure they are paying attention to their golden goose! x3
@_date: 2015-01-07 03:14:28
OTOH the bank accounts get closed or frozen pretty quickly once the bank figures out that deposits are coming from weird places. :/
@_date: 2014-07-11 22:35:09
If StickleyMan posts a gif that contains a woman the answer is always reliably "yes".
@_date: 2015-05-26 23:21:13
[Please refer to my reply to you elsewhere in thread]( danke. :3
@_date: 2015-05-09 00:11:09


Then what you are describing is a Bitcoin *replacement*. That does not offend me, I want whatever system is the one which will provably work the best. But the chain is either going to function or it is not. Our transactions will either be on it or they will not be.
Nobody is going to settle any debt backlogs on an expensive-to-use blockchain: ever.
@_date: 2015-05-27 00:06:59
Lol: there would exist no incentive for anybody to use a different alt for large payments than for small ones.
If the small payments function on Alt X, and if the fees are demonstrably cheap (why else would you tender small payments there?) then the fees must in turn also be cheap for large payments and you would be throwing money away to change to a different currency just to overpay to move money there when you can keep it all on the best priced currency instead.
I hope that imminently functional currency remains Bitcoin proper, but the blocks have to grow or it's a no go. :P
@_date: 2015-01-06 22:58:18


This problem seems to have "bloom filters" graffitied all over it, so far as I can tell? xD
I'm wagering that it should be possible to use a pretty big, but fixed size bloom filter that records with some acceptable rate of false positive but no false negative up to a comfortably astronomic number of addresses that have "probably already been used" such that trying to use an address that *definitely* has been used will *definitely* kick back a deny, and trying an address that has never been used would kick back a controllably small percentage likelihood of a deny, but otherwise an accept.
@_date: 2015-01-02 10:44:52
Yeah but the blockchain isn't visible either. It's a pattern of data decentrally mirrored across the globe. It can be *made* visible, but all substantial and measurable things can be made visible.
My thrust against this guy's complaint is that he'll belittle one online payment option as "invisible money" when it's no more challenging to see than the money he spends from his credit card balance.
@_date: 2015-01-07 02:57:28
Potentially, but I don't think it has to be that far out. Full nodes are run either by *mining pools* or by miners who try to get their own blocks, which I think has grown utterly unheard of. Anybody operating a mining node keeps the hell up on network consensus news because it directly impacts their bottom line.
Thus, if you say "yep we're all changing by Mar 1 2015" then the only miners not ready by Mar 1 would be the same miners very loudly making their distress clear the day after the announcement.
Also also, so long as 0.8.x has no protocol differences from newer clients it may be favored by people who see no need to update, while in contrast a change of this type may easily get a lot of those people's attention (and whoever is left may have utterly forgot they are even running a node, by now! xD)
@_date: 2015-01-26 19:34:55


It's quite possible that they simply haven't put forth the legal research to determine *what* licencing complications would be involved, alternately they may have already determined what the complexities are and have chosen not to open that can of worms just yet.
America is the major under-served market from an exchange perspective, Europe already has two or three exchanges so there's less demand and profit to be had for them to do the leg work to enter that fray right now. 
It may even be possible that they want to both polish their trading system and customer care for it against live orders and build up trade volume on USD books before opening EUR books along with hybrid trading so that you get some free market depth before you even start to jump on board? :3
@_date: 2015-01-07 23:31:53
~~Downvoted because nobody makes it clear either A&gt; why you would need to close your account today if you didn't need to yesterday, or B&gt; why it would be challenging to find out how to close an account on your own.~~
~~This isn't like trying to cancel AOL service, people. Do we need a post describing "how to unsubscribe from Because I'm pretty sure if anybody felt like they needed to, the exits are clearly enough marked already.~~
Downvote removed, I think I found the original concern in [this other post]( but no upvote given either because crap like that need to be referenced in the submission, for pete's sake. :(
@_date: 2015-01-06 22:48:17
The fun part is that depending on the change, you may never be allowed to completely forget the old consensus rules because your node software always has to be able to re-audit the entire blockchain from genesis up.
But some consensus rules can probably be forgotten due to lack of *possible* inputs that would disagree with them. For example, you can probably utterly forget old block sizes once the cutoff block is safely behind you because you'll never get in trouble for marking "valid" a too-big-block in the past due to that chain never winning it's way to longest block height. ;3
@_date: 2015-01-07 01:13:05
Well, how can the network truly know what version other nodes are running? Every node does not connect to every other node, so what happens if an attacker releases a ton of nodes that each lie about relayed version advertisements until enough nodes get tricked into upgrading early?
@_date: 2015-01-31 19:33:25
So you invest in more than one of them to average out the volatility. The point is that they do *not* inflate while the currency does, making the currency *by definition* a poor store of value which is one of the primary functions of Money.
But worse yet, it means that the measuring stick you use to determine the value of all other things *also* constantly changes, making it a poor unit of account, too.
Would science be made easier if the unit we call a Meter decreased in length 2-3% per annum?
@_date: 2015-01-08 00:23:31
It's just as easy to accept Bitcoin from customers and to have it converted to fiat and auto-deposited to your bank account (at least in the US and many other large countries) through services like Coinbase or Bitpay as it is to signup for Paypal or Square to accept money from customers that way .. accept that using Bitcoin the costs are lower (Coinbase charges merchants 1%, Bitpay charges 0%!) and that probably fewer of this business's customers are liable to pay in Bitcoin than via credit card due to it's being fairly new and admittedly controversial.
@_date: 2015-01-26 19:35:40
And then do what to go through the identity verification process? :3
@_date: 2015-01-15 20:31:35


Um.. this sounds like a departure from your original assertion that I spent my post directly opposing, though:


I was not saying "This can't be done", I was not saying "this is too hard", I was not saying "this will drain our focus". I did mention that *I* don't feel there is a strong business case for it, however I'm not going to stop Coinbase or Circle or anybody else from trying, either.
**All** that I **was** saying (and I stand behind) is that this path is not "paramount" to Bitcoin's success. Our ecosystem does not *require* slack-jawed end-user participation in such a way that without it we're going to wither up and die, or anything.
That is not a cop-out, just an opinion of what focus will yield the greatest gains. Feel free to demonstrate me wrong, I'll do my best to return the favor and be supremely glad that friendly rivalry aside we are both non-destructively supporting the same ecosystem in our own ways. :3
@_date: 2015-01-07 03:41:38
I'm so into slicing the temporal dimension of trading thinner that I'm basically ready to broaden into a second temporal dimension so that more trades can fit sideways in time from one another per micro-instant. :D
EDIT: No, I'm .. I'm not making a joke I'm just rooting for eventually consistent database trading. Maybe. x3
@_date: 2015-01-15 19:07:00
Ah. Yes agreed, volume of demand matters while "number of people" does not, my only point was that they didn't have to be outstanding orders on the books of any specific kind of exchange. I think we're all on the same page then, danke. :3
@_date: 2015-01-04 00:46:52
True, but the payment processors remain a sticky point to people trying to get steam games or netflix *over* a decent VPN link! xD
@_date: 2015-01-31 21:30:23
Money cannot offer a unit of account if the unit constantly shrinks. Imagine trying to obey the speed limit when the definition of a "mile" keeps shrinking so you have to drive slower to remain in compliance, but every day the mile markers and your car's speedometer (not to mention odometer!) are giving you further and further incorrect readings.
Money is *also* supposed to act as a store of value. Stores of value have no need to be consumed nor to give rise to production, they need only trade wealth between one time period and another.
Since commodities *can* do that just fine, you're left in a position where they are basically competing against your currency as a viable kind of Money.
@_date: 2015-01-07 01:08:34
tries to figure out how to summon whooshbot..
@_date: 2014-12-09 22:21:00
Never argue with stupid people, they will drag you down to their level (mission accomplished in this case) and then beat you with experience.
Just walk it off, try to hold the high ground next time and don't let them manipulate your emotions.
@_date: 2015-01-10 04:21:46


It's less often the Bank than the Payment Processor, but they all exist as part of the same oligopoly. That said: [Paypal]( (including legacy credit card API's like Cybercash), 
[Stripe]( [Square]( [SecureNet]( and [WePay]( all list both marijuana, paraphernalia, adult entertainment (often explicitly listing "text") as prohibited businesses. I also had to delete a couple like Skrill because you did specify "in the US", and I hadn't caught that right away.
But that said, thanks to federal law disagreeing with state law [it's the stance that even banks directly take]( to blackball dispensaries. 


That has nothing to do with actual risk and everything to do with how deeply you've buried your head into whatever dark, damp location you've chosen. You should feel *privileged* if you have never been exposed to identity theft or fraud, [because a hell of a lot of people are not that lucky](


Now no matter how good you get at pretending to be me to confuse those helpful folks at the bank, you are never going to know my BIP0038 HD password and no amount of social engineering will ever give it to you or get it reset or bypassed with a forged photo ID and a smile.
When I trade BTC with somebody in exchange for a good, no puritanical or CYA bank or payment processor gets to veto the exchange on the grounds that "it sounds icky" or "what if it turns out illegal next year?" or "that's a high risk for chargeback fraud when people's spouses find out". Instead, chargeback fraud isn't even *possible*.
Just like with paper money, except that yes I or at least one party needs data service (and how are you all suburban milquetoast on every other point but suddenly "not everyone has internet, you jerk!" about this point? Mobile coverage stretches far beyond today's banking network, [all around the world]( and we *don't* have to physically trade any currency so we can transact at any distance to boot.
@_date: 2015-01-03 23:56:15
If moving value from one hand to another did not generate some out of band value for the movers, then they wouldn't have moved it. Especially at a cost of at least $0.03usd per move.
When I buy a widget at the store with my money, both I gain value (I'd rather have that 1 widget than that 1 wad of money) and the store would gain value (they would rather have that 1 wad of money than that 1 widget). The same is true whether the money is Bitcoin, or anything else.
The question he was asking was "how does this farmed value from reallocating bitcoin over the year of 2014 compare to the revenue of Apple or Microsoft?" It is no surprise, especially since we are young, that Bitcoin transactions are not generating *that much value* yet.
On the strength of that, a $400mil setback for those big companies is no problem while a $400mil setback to our ecosystem is a little bit more weighty.
@_date: 2015-01-07 03:33:41
Wow. Yep, that's pretty terrible, and I'm actually surprised you couldn't sneak onto some satellite internet services to get a few mbps doe. The latency is terrible but for a bitcoin node that ought to do the trick.
Also, that is some gorgeous photography, all around. Woohoo! :D
@_date: 2015-01-10 03:31:37


You've got a lot of hyperbole in that "everywhere".
I'm heading to Texas on a business trip this Sunday, and neither the rental car place nor the hotel I'll be staying at will accept cash. They won't even accept a debit card: I had to get off my ass and apply for a *credit card* for the first time in seven years just to do business with these people.
This is without even going into "not every country or region has a functioning cash economy" or "the cash from one nation is normally not accepted by merchants in another" or "without active Secret Service involvement, you have no protection against circulating counterfeit bank notes".. and since the Secret Service usually does not involve itself in extra-national person to person transactions you are guaranteed to swim in them in some parts of the world.
So you only mean "Everywhere" in the 90s Visa commercial sense: "Everywhere affluent white people like to hang out".


A majority of 21st century commerce is "literally nothing" without the internet. Do you think that credit card scanner at the supermarket will work any more if the Internet switched off? Sure, maybe it's an older POS that hooks into a landline instead of being packet switched, but even the landline hands off to voice over IP at the CLEC. 
So what do they do in a power outage? They haul out a ka-chunk carbon paper presser and put your visa card on that. It works, only they don't know if your transaction will be cleared until after the power comes back on and somebody processes that paper.
With Bitcoin? You can in theory hand them a paper wallet, or even a signed transaction printed as a QR code and they're in the same boat. They can't prove you have legitimate funds to cover the tx until after communications come back up, but then assuming that your word is good (or you've signed the receipt and they've verified your ID so there is legal recourse in case you're screwing with them) then the transaction completes. I cannot say if there would be any actual use-demand for it since people prefer to solve these kinds of problems by spreading wireless coverage everywhere (yes, even places without white people or functioning cash economies), but any offline SPV wallet would have all of the data it needs to display or print out a signed transaction.


But... the Internet is not a "party" in this sense Jose, the Internet cannot and will not decide whether or not to authorize your transaction based upon it's content. The Internet doesn't even *know* it's content. It acts as nothing but a decentralized channel to announce the movement of funds so that everybody can stay in sync.
Parties have agency, the Internet is nothing but a pipe and wields zero agency here. But I am beginning to suspect you already knew that and are conflating unlike terms on purpose just to be dishonest.


Well I was under the impression we were discussing the mechanics of various financial systems instead of just circle-jerking to whatever [antagonistic prejudices you already hold](But you've been bagged and tagged so I won't make that mistake again. Now go tell how everybody there is a sinner and a sodomite or some bullshit and leave me out of your sick fantasies.
@_date: 2015-01-19 11:20:26
Right, and both Circle and Coinbase accept ACH. But, they go through the precise "fraud control" bayesian nightmare that OP started this article to complain about and rated as unacceptable.
This is why.
@_date: 2015-01-26 20:25:08
I can't even tell if it's slow given that they can tell me nothing beyond "you're in the wrong state, scram". I can't see a depth chart or an order book or anything. ;3
@_date: 2014-09-21 20:37:40
He may have phrased that badly. They have your bank account and credit card information, a detailed record of all of your purchases through that service into perpetuity, and if you receive money via paypal they control that balance on your behalf as well.
First off, [Paypal has already earned a reputation of being a very poor custodian of the balances that it holds for customers.]( And that problem is systemic. In any situation where you have to yield your money to a bank or to a payment service in a very real sense this becomes "their" money until they *consent* to allow you to have it back (withdrawal), or spend it upon what you obediently entreat them to purchase for you, like a child pestering it's parent for a new toy.
Bitcoin's goal is to allow people to minimize how frequently they must yield their money directly to a third party, and/or to have more fluid choice in third parties to do business with in contrast to the standard banking ethos of entrusting 100% of your wealth to one international banking cabal 100% of the time.
At the bare metal of Bitcoin, for practical purposes you control a secret (the private keys or seeds in your wallet, literally just a few hundred random coin flips of data) that *no other being knows*. Not a bank, not paypal, and that secret wields utter control over the wealth you secure with it. That secret empowers you to instantly and inexpensively redistribute an arbitrary portion of your funds to any other Bitcoin user on the planet without at any point yielding the funds to a third party that may either embezzle them or prejudicially block the transaction.
Should you *elect* to yield your funds to another party, say an online wallet or exchange or direct holdings escrow, then of course you can.. but you do not *have* to, nor do you have to give up more than the transaction calls for or for a longer period than the transaction will last. And more importantly, the businesses able to grow in this environment do not have to either. They can provide direct financial services without having to beg permission from a banking cabal burdened with the conflict of interest of *supporting a direct competitor*. Thus Bitcoin fosters innovation where the old guard literally cannot.
So far as the dangers in storing your sensitive personal information such as credit card and bank account numbers with third parties, see the [Target breach]( [Citibank breach]( [Home Depot breach]( etc.
Some people will tell you that this information is not highly important, in case of a breach or of unauthorized activity on your account you just have a new card or account number issued and have the bank reverse the fraudulent charges. Only banks do not always work well with customers in this situation. And how can they? They must unambiguously determine whether the customer is the one *committing* the fraud and whether any specific request comes from the customer or from another party. I'm sorry, but identity theft is serious business for a reason.
Jeremy Clarkson was one of the above people, who believed there was nothing to fear from identity theft [until an anonymous fan online hacked his account for education purposes](
[Banking fraud]( exists because of the challenge of a third party to authenticate the wishes of the account holder. To know how they really intend to spend their money or in what cases their personally identifying information has been abused by a thief (or doubly, in what cases the *true customer* is abusing the theft protection clauses in order to defraud a merchant). This problem is also exacerbated in the United States by the fact that our lax merchant protection laws basically allow the card companies *to directly profit from fraudulent payment traffic!*
Bitcoin offers relief in this space by removing all ambiguity about payment intention. At the bare metal, payments are signed by the customer's secret code and the responsibility of keeping that code secret falls utterly upon the customer, so there exists no gatekeeper to confuse. Third parties can construct hardware devices like TREZOR or software services like GreenAddress multisig wallet which greatly enhance the end-user's secret keeping arsenal against data theives, but this aligns the goals of Bitcoin with the common goals of information security. Our computers (let alone those of industry giants) *should* be hardened against data breach and our communications *should* be safe from NSA, commercial, and criminal eavesdropping efforts alike. End-users *should* enjoy a sense of responsibility over their wealth instead of being infantalized by industry leaders who have demonstrated no more infosec or financial competence than the rest of us.
**TL;DR** This explanation is long, so points may need to be boiled back down and tailored to the end user's inquiries. But a lot of irrelevancy has already been removed in this post alone. No mention of blockchain here, or mining, yet I think the right picture is painted about Bitcoin verbs and about the flaws and dangers of the incumbent banking system. :)
In a nutshell, Bitcoin improves over older financial models by lining up every party's interests in a constructive matter, and eliminating huge blocks of conflict-of-interest from the system.
EDIT: spelling/punc and added to the tl;dr
@_date: 2014-07-14 19:54:30


Are you suggesting that this is *not* also the only lever available to the Federal Reserve? They print their way out of *every* crisis because they have no other tricks up their sleeves.
@_date: 2015-01-07 02:53:18
But the first time that a miner or pool concentrates their effort into mining the very first "version 3" block, we are instantly in hard fork territory against all of the miners still running "not version 3 aware" nodes. Those miners will *reject* the new block and try to build a longer chain around it, orphaning it.
Why would miners waste their resources mining blocks doomed to be orphaned until &gt;50% of mining power happens to have spun up version 3 compatible nodes?
The advantage of "rules just change at block height X" is that the only blocks which *can* be orphaned are those mined by people who were too out of touch to get the memo in the first place. It punishes slowpokes instead of early adopters
@_date: 2015-01-31 21:26:10
Money should not be called money if it cannot function as either a store of value or a unit of account.
@_date: 2015-01-04 00:44:01


A lot of people are happy about low, buy-friendly prices too. Does that make them trolls? õ_O
@_date: 2015-01-28 02:57:20
Whoa, whoa now. The twenty second century isn't *that* far away, bub! xD
@_date: 2014-01-26 18:40:51
Dude isn't asking for hundreds of trillions of printed currency notes. His demand for printed currency notes matching his bank holdings is not likely to line up with every other depositors demand simultaneously.
But, compare with the Bitcoin economy's expectation of full reserve banking and you'll see even that "everyone withdrawing at the same time" does not *have* to be an impossible request to serve when you're doing your job properly and not inflating the money supply with checks your ass can't cash.
@_date: 2015-01-20 01:30:42
Just to be clear though, if I call Owl Taxi to perform all of my driving for me, then Owl Taxi exercises moment to moment control over my motorized whereabouts. If Owl Taxi decides to kidnap me, then they power lock the doors in back and drive me to wherever they choose and I vanish.
If I instead purchase and drive a Ford Taurus around, then Ford Motor Company is a long way from having any control over where I drive the car to nor do they have any facile manner to entrap and to kidnap me.
So there is a big difference between "hardware created by" or even "software maintained and updated by" and "direct, moment to moment administrative control given to". It is a bit of a continuum, but the former two offer you far greater autonomy and far smaller surface area of abuse.
@_date: 2015-01-06 01:30:34
Well, here's my go.
1. Volatility is measurable risk. It is one of the primary jobs of almost any business to quantify and then to manage risk of *some* sort or another for profit, so whichever businesses can do this successfully (eg, stand to earn more than they lose regardless of value fluctuation) can offer Bitcoin services and earn profit. Be that merchant gateways like Coinbase, Bitpay, and BIPS; or remittance services or retailers that pay wages or wholesalers in BTC, etc.
2. As more of the above sorts of businesses do their work, they hold volumes of BTC. The more they hold, speculation or no, the more the market cap rises until the swings of volatility pale beside it.
3. Global currencies are nowhere near as stable as they look either, they are just accustomed to being the benchmark against which everything else is measured. But every time you see Gold and Platinum and Silver and Gas prices shift at the same time? It's not really the commodity changing value, it's the closely pegged fiat currencies. That represents volatility that effects every one of us all the time, that we don't even usually bother to measure. We just call such events "economic upturns" and "recessions" and move along.
@_date: 2015-01-04 00:13:03
So we will be left vulnerable to petty crooks with a fraction of a million to blow just to watch break something?
I sure am glad I am not already vulnerable to such people in any other aspect of my life.
@_date: 2014-07-24 01:13:41
Do not confuse this Vault product with Coinbase cold storage. Their cold storage infrastructure is not being changed, they claim to store 97% of their holdings in their maximum security cold storage system, and [at least one public audit Feb 2014]( has confirmed this claim.
The Vault product is only for user account management. They have focused on making their "wallet" product easy to use, which means if you log in correctly and then request to withdraw or transfer funds, there is as little friction as possible.
The Vault product is designed to support the needs of people who *do* want friction for their own long term storage of funds with coinbase. With Vault, you the user have to go through a lot more steps (optionally have other people co-sign your withdrawal, optionally wait through a delay period, tons of email and SMS notifications, etc) before the money is irrevocably moved.
Thus, if somebody tries to *impersonate you* by stealing your login credentials, infecting your PC, etc then you have lots of time and padding to rectify the situation before those funds are just gone.
@_date: 2014-12-24 14:13:29
Except that they were.
In the nineties, people wanted to order items online instead of having to request a print catalog, wait for that to arrive, phone up and read SKU numbers to an operator who would get them wrong and then put you on hold to fix it, or even get the company to accept a buyer-not-present credit card payment *of any kind* instead of forcing you to fill out an order form and mail it back to them with a personal check that wouldn't draft against your account for up to a month or more in the future *if it didn't get lost in the mail completely!*
Due to the sheer volumes involved there were more people (snail) mailing every big box retailer regularly to offer an online experience then than there even are Bitcoin *users* today.
The businesses resisted because they rightly didn't know where this whole Internet thing was going.
In the mid-nineties the Government was still talking about building an utterly different network from the bare metal up to pander to corporations, a project which they called "The Information Superhighway". That term was *not* initially used to refer to the much older Internet which was just starting to grow beyond universities and the Department of Defense at the time, with no built-in services to on-ramp commercial use.
AOL and Compuserve had dedicated user bases and resisted cross connecting with the Internet proper for a long time. Many businesses would advertise or monetize through those walled gardens with direct assistance and partnership from the operators of the networks. [Minitel]( was still more popular in France and much of Europe *very* late into the 1990's, and even *overall* computer ownership [was far from ubiquitous]( for most US homes in the nineties, let alone connecting those computers to an online service over a telephone landline (which, where I lived, was still a party line so not only your siblings but your *neighbors* would fist fight with you for tying up the circuit).
So why would a business dump six or seven figures into an online presence that would probably either [flop with users]( (driving negative PR), be hacked by ne'er-do-wells (leading to monetary loss or digital vandalism), or just be rendered obsolete by a platform shift? There existed no well researched best practices at the time.
Source: in 1996 I spent 8 months trying and failing to pitch an online and ecommerce presence to Les Schwab Tires. 1998, I succeeded pitching an ecommerce presence to Dallas Semiconductor and built their shopping cart system which remained in use until 2007. Besides studying my industry, I worked with over a hundred smaller and less notable companies throughout that time period building and hosting websites and hand-made shopping cart solutions. :3
@_date: 2015-01-20 08:06:43
Well, we can trade anecdotes all day long. I know of dozens of people who trade in hundreds of thousands of dollars of bitcoin for 3 years now (day trading, selling adult entertainment, arts and crafts, anonymous hosting VPS/VPN, mining, gambling, and *lots* of remittance) and the worst stories they can share include 2 counts of "some guy arranged an LBC meeting and then never showed" and one count of "ugh! Why does Coinbase keep reversing my buy/sell orders?"
On the credit card side, professionally I've seen over $150k of chargeback fraud impact dozens of ecommerce clients and I've personally had $16k overcharged to my debit card by a hotel during a convention. The hotel would not correct the error even though they *did* admit that it was in error, and the credit card company refused to do jack unless we brought the matter to court. My company ate the loss instead and negotiated with 3 of the other companies who's charges got applied to my card and got about 60% of the funds reimbursed that way.
But at the base of it, just allow me to agree with your final paragraph pretty much word for word. Bitcoin *allows* the end-user to take full control and responsibility over their finances, and inexorably reduces the security surface area to straightforward infosec: **If** you can maintain 256 bits of entropy secret from the world at large, **then** your funds are safe beyond the question of any other person's competence.
It is true that there are people who cannot handle that security with their own bare hands: *but neither do they have to*. Bitcoin does not *force* you to be your own bank it simply makes that a possibility. We have savings institutions like Circle that insure their deposits, and as much as I'd like some ordinary banks to step in and offer similar services they simply have not decided to dip their toe in that pond yet. 
Look at it like closed source vs open source software. Nobody *has* to compile their open source software by hand just to benefit from the fact that it is open source, all that you have to do is run the same software that a world of other people have the capability to audit or to improve. Aside from that they can treat it the same as they treat closed source and still benefit immeasurably from it.
@_date: 2015-01-31 22:00:31


Name a widget for which this is true, outside of electronics which get conspicuously buoyed by Moore's Law.


The cost per calorie for junk food? Where are you getting your data?
I will agree that artificial sweeteners and sugar variants get cheaper to produce and then dumped in larger and larger quantities into over-processed food choices, soda, beer, and snacks.. but that is a hell of a cheat to talk about "cheap calories", in case that's where your findings are coming from.
[My data]( shows that on average every type of staple food in the US grows in price at or just above that of core CPI inflation.
That means if you sell X pounds of beef today, in two decades you're only going to get about half as much beef for the same money; even after continuing explosive productivity makes beef take less material and effort to farm.
@_date: 2015-01-31 19:27:20


Right, and other times you won't. That's called "risk", and the choice to simply save a portion of your wealth without the additional *work* of continually picking the fastest corporate racehorse to invest in merely to hope you'll tread water should not be penalized.


If you're going to put words in my mouth then there is no point having a discussion. I do not consider taxes to be theft, and if you feel like explicitly *taxing* my holdings then so be it. If I do not comply then I can be drug to court, my possessions stripped or put in jail or what have you for failing to row with the rest of my community. 
An explicit tax could apply to both liquid funds and commodity investments, but a hidden inflationary tax does nothing but penalize holding currency and reward holding commodities instead. How in the world is *that* valuable to anybody?


What is with this constant shoving of words into my mouth? Just because I chose not to mention investment vehicles far removed from our discussion, I must not have ever heard of them before? Get over yourself.
From your link:


So, not losing money is considered a source of income. Of course this is true of any investment against the backdrop of a failing unit of account: maintaining equal purchasing power gets re-categorized as "appreciation".
It's still marginally better than *completely* capitulating to inflation, and it puts TIPS on par with commodities baskets. But it has nothing to do with my central argument that undermining a unit of account just because you are too cowardly to craft an open tax is destructive. It works against sticky wages, thus crushing the wage-earning segment of the population, and works against human psychology in general as a tax against any person who takes the monetary unit principle seriously.
@_date: 2015-01-30 20:51:04
They will not only be made available, but the NSA will design a trendy looking holographic QA screenprint for the back of them. :D
@_date: 2015-01-04 00:30:56
I can't imagine anything with a market cap even as small as ours is today, or was in Dec 2013, "being a major global currency and store of value" regardless of vulnerability to attack.
But let me alter the perspective for you a bit: In 2008 Dan Kaminsky demonstrated how it would require a sacrifice of no more than a few hundred grand to undermine the entire global DNS heirarchy. Fast forward seven years, and that is still largely true. So can I imagine relying on *any* global infrastructure that vulnerable? As long as you can even *read* this message, I don't have to.
@_date: 2015-01-04 00:46:22
A lot of the others have to do with region-gouging too, though. Like the region-limitations on DVD designed so that they can sell a product in place A for 100 times less than in place B. Idea being "place B pays our bills while place A doesn't miss out on our cultural brainwashing". :P
People have said similar about Steam, with game prices differing hugely in different currencies. Which price would they offer to the people paying in Bitcoin, who might legitimately live anywhere?
@_date: 2015-01-18 14:27:38
First allow me to preface that you are conflating "cash" with credit card or bank transfer. Stop doing that. Cash are those little green pieces of paper and metal disks. Buying anything with them is pretty straightforward as long as you can physically hand it to the vendor, and they can make change for you. There is no chargeback risk.
But, you cannot push coins and paper money into your monitor, can you?
Credit Card, Bank Transfer, paypal, square, etc is a method you can use to try to direct your bank to transfer a USD balance from your account to somebody else's account. Just like Bitcoin, this generally requires a computer or smartphone or online terminal of some sort. 
This can work fine over distance (within the same country, denominated in the same currency, and as long as the payment processor isn't too much of a prude to [censor your transactions completely]( however in addition to 3% and higher txn fees and 3-14 day delays (depending on transfer type) before you see the balance reach your bank account, you are subject to chargeback over the next 6-9 months on every purchase.
Chargeback risk increases when you are trying to sell assets that are immediately resellable as scammers will buy your hard commodity, resell it, then charge you back.
So let's go over your statements now:


"cash" as in paper and coins, only easy for people physically present when change can be made and you are not worried about being mugged for carrying around large amounts of it.
If by cash you mean "USD balance transfers", and by easy you mean "people have learned to put up with it and eat 5-10% buyer fraud losses and 3-5% surcharges and 3-14 day receipt delays and *just not try to sell items they know cannot move this way* like precious metals or any irreversible digital tokens or downloads", then sure.


What you need to buy absolutely any item with Bitcoin. 
1: Bitcoin to spend, and either of:
2: Merchant accepts Bitcoin, or alternately
3: Merchant partners with Coinbase, Bitpay, BIPS etc to accept your Bitcoin and convert some or all of it to Fiat. No harder to sign up for than Paypal, Skrill or Square but far cheaper and no chargeback risk. Fiat delivery delay remains.
But keep in mind that GP never said anything about Bitcoin being either easy or hard to buy things with, so why do you assume he somehow communicated in the negative? Are you just filling in your own biases, here?


Firstly, you are employing a comparative here. Even more difficult than what? Are you just being hyperbolic for the sake of emotional venting?
Buying Bitcoin with paper/coin cash is pretty straightforward but slightly expensive because handling cash without pretext is labor intensive. Use Localbitcoins to arrange a meeting with somebody who wants to sell you Bitcoins. Give him cash to get Bitcoins. If you are very concerned about getting scammed in person or mugged then meet at a public place and use the LBC SMS escrow service.
Alternately, find a BTC ATM in your area. Either path carries probably a 4-7% premium because of the low trade volume, high labor and at sufficient volume to streamline the labor high regulatory costs.
Buying Bitcoin for paper/coin cash at bank teller is much cheaper and faster. Use Mycelium Trader or LBC's online option to find traders who will allow you to deposit your cash at a bank branch whenever suits you. Since labor cost is streamlined at the bank costs drop significantly and LBC escrow protects you from and thus also starves off any dishonest traders.
Buying Bitcoin for soft bank transfer (credit card, ACH, paypal, etc) is a lost cause because of the first point discussed in this post: chargeback fraud.


You have BTC, merchant accepts BTC, BTC transaction is completed with one URL click or QR code scan or NFC swipe, potentially with a password entered on your device. No addresses or 15 digit card numbers or exp dates or CVV2 or phone calls from VISA 2 weeks later to confirm the transactions were legitimate. No cardholder's agreement or chargeback fraud inflating base price or .. [this](
When Email came out people thought that meant you had to scan a typewritten letter, ocr the contents until they were unreadable, email that poorly translated message to the recipient who then had to print it back out again instead of "just faxing it like a normal person".
Was email "making life more difficult" or were people treating Email obtusely doing that for themselves?
@_date: 2015-01-04 00:59:54


Well, 1&gt; knowing how. You just admitted that even you don't understand the attack, so if you wanted to be the devil's hand in this situation how many people could you hire to levy this attack that wouldn't also be at least a little bit broken up about it's outcome? Some combination of "I know every detail about networking and computers!" combined with "And I hate them so much!" xD
2&gt; a few hundred grand with zero ROI is still a few hundred grand and still represents zero ROI. Our entire world is designed around the presumption that nobody can both attain and then waste that much resource without expecting at least some realistic percentage chance to make it back with a tidy profit on top.
3&gt; opportunity cost. If you *really* had a fraction of a mil to blow out your *butt* just to lead to a disservice to other people, would you spend that training the Internet community to harden their own protocols, or ruin one currency that would just lead to windfall success for Litecoin or whatever comes after, or would you assasinate some heads of state or raise an army or something?
@_date: 2015-01-26 19:08:07
Bitcoin is a state of the art technology, regardless of whether or not any given person likes it. It has been around for and it's core principals have not changed for six or seven years now.
So if your friends are not *savvy* to this fairly broadly discussed *technology* then why for all of the idioms present in the dictionary are you accrediting them as "tech savvy"!?
@_date: 2015-01-31 23:32:34
I already said why, because electronics are conspicuously buoyed by Moore's Law.
Cars do not drive twice as fast or become twice as fuel efficient, airplanes do not fly twice as fast or carry double the cargo, and food does not become twice as nutritious every eighteen months.
Only IT increases upon that exponent and *it* only does so because of the conspicuous ocean of innovation we haven't yet finished exploiting out of the goldmine that is nanoscale silicon crystal fabrication.
But IT is only one outlying segment out of the thousands of kinds of goods and services which exist today, and *you cannot eat gigahertz*.
I like reality just fine, you simply appear to enjoy cherry picking it.
@_date: 2015-01-04 00:51:25
I don't understand. Are you asking me to give the KKK and a chance, at the risk of being considered closed minded otherwise, or do you have a way to meaningfully disentangle those examples of prejudice and chauvinism from Buttcoin?
You either belittle others for your own pleasure, and surround yourself with and endorse others who do, or you don't. Do you really think it is closed minded to distance yourself from that..?
@_date: 2015-01-07 01:03:03


Right, and that *must* become impossible if Bitcoin demand grows faster than computer resources get cheaper. There exists no magic bullet  that can validate with 100% paranoia N transactions with any curve superior to O(n), and demand can't grow as long as tx/second is bottlenecked.
Headers-only thin clients can do it by trading 100% cryptographically assured protection against forgery for a modicum of trust in the full nodes that they connect to, but they not only don't care how big the block chain gets they *benefit* from larger blocks because more data potentially gets hidden behind each block hash.


70tx/sec @ 1kb/tx average is about 70kb/sec average, so slower than a pandora radio stream. And why would you upload more tx than you download aside from transactions that you specifically push onto the network?


Today that clocks in at ~$40/TB for a desktop or server machine (7200rpm SATA), so it's cheaper than my Costco membership at least. By year's end I'm sure that cost will have dropped precipitously, and/or we'll see the same cost for terabytes of powerful SSD.
@_date: 2015-01-02 11:28:19
Hmm. Have you had a chat with Coinbase and/or the plugin makers about it? I guarantee that improving that pipeline is in the best interests of a lot of people besides just your site, so I'd be surprise if neither of those parties wanted to spearhead the effort to make your customers' experiences smoother and easier (and reduce any unneeded friction to keep people signed up, of course! xD)
I know that Paypal auto-billing keeps me paid up for Netflix, and my wife's Big Fish Games subscription, and all with lots of convenience and control. I just want to see Bitcoin based payment infrastructure mature to the same level.
All the best! &lt;3
@_date: 2015-01-04 00:14:35
No, but you would own most of the market cap and everybody would sell against you due to price inertia, so when you resold your 10+ million BTC you would only get back pennies on the dollar for it.
The larger the market cap *to begin with*, the more demand that your demand gets to hide amidst while you transfer value.
@_date: 2014-03-03 18:28:51
Right, and just as many both in this sub and abroad believe it will fail *just because that would be convenient for their preconceived notions* as well.
My take is, **when** it irretrievably drops to zero, the haters will be proven right. **when** it trades for 100k or 1mil USD per BTC and sees greater adoption than Paypal, then the rooters will be proven right. Until then, the best that we can do is trade debate points for review and put our money where our faith lies.
@_date: 2016-03-14 02:30:29


Yeah, I don't buy that anymore [thanks to a bunch of salient points detailed here]( Not that that was the first time I was introduced to these specific reasons that LN *absolutely cannot* solve the tx throughput problem, but I've just always been too lazy to write them down all in one place so the blog post was a handy shortcut.
I mean, have you read that though? Or do you have answers to all of these accusations against LN? õ_O
@_date: 2015-01-14 09:11:20
Starts hitting you with a Nerf bat.
Quit copying my investment itinerary down to the penny, would you? Every figure here. I was going to post my story and all but now I can't, you big pre-emptive copy cat! x3
@_date: 2015-01-26 19:28:42
Oh I agree. The only negative side I can imagine to competing markets (given the shape of markets as they are presently built) is that they might conceivably split trade volume among themselves leading to shallower markets at each with greater slippage.
It is an ideal for the trade consumer to engage with the largest share of demand at a time that they are able to, and trade demand is necessarily finite (and on unpopular days may be quite low).
What *I* would love to see is some way for *competing* markets (including perhaps in different currencies?) to merge their order books together so that you are still selling MarketX:CommodityX for MarketX:CommodityY (and thus relying on Market X for all of your deposit and withdrawal needs for both of those commodities) yet your orders can be somehow filled against people offering similar things via *different* markets. :B
@_date: 2015-01-29 19:12:48


So, stop and think about this for just a moment. What is the reason you need all of these things?
If you *want* a computer to enforce a rule "only allow transactions to be posted that satisfy condition X" then you just program your central database to enforce that rule. If you want a Blockchain to do that, you program the miners to veto any transactions (or blocks containing them) that violate that rule. The decision making for whether or not a transaction ought to be allowed is not any different.
Banks have that expansive middle layer *full of people* precisely because their rules cannot be satisfied by computer algorithm. They rely on soft variables like "Will influential party X be made upset by this transaction?" so you either source out to a team of skilled risk assessment staffers to find out, *or you have somebody literally call their office* before clearing the transaction.
With a blockchain you would still have to do the same things, just prior to "mining a block" instead of prior to debiting a database.
You seem to be referring to Blockchain tech as some kind of panacea because it is "cheat proof", but any centralized system is *already* cheat-proof. The edges submit transaction to the center, the center decides. There exists no surface area for cheating. It wouldn't make any difference if the center were a cluster of Oracle databases or a cluster of mining machines pretending to compete with each other (but not really because that would be *haaaard*..), save that Oracle (among other distributed database solutions) is *actually optimized for that use case* whereas a blockchain is no more effective to pretend to be a centralized database than git or rsync or *Jabber* for chrissakes.
@_date: 2015-01-02 06:12:53
I'm sorry, I've tried, but I can't even re-arrange the words from your quote and your response to form a coherent thought that you might possibly intend.
"The table" from quote means sponsoring a conference. What "table" has Bitcoin gained unearned access to?
@_date: 2015-01-30 20:40:04
How about "one fuck up where they reverse any first order damage done"? Did Mt Gox pay back their depositors yet? No. Beyond which, they've had a hundred fuck ups already.
Did Bitstamp pay back their depositors?
@_date: 2015-01-04 00:01:17
Nothing about illustration required that the product in demand had to be consumed. The illustration never mentioned *why* people wanted apples, and would work the same way if you were talking about bars of Coolium that can always be 100% reclaimed for re-issue or resale.
If 200 people want widgets *from thesleepsessions* and he keeps getting new widgets but not new customers to buy *his* widgets then the price *he* can charge will go down. Ultimately if anyone can get a widget from anyone holding them then the price gets decided by whoever is willing to give up the widget for the cheapest price, but rising supply and falling demand continue to describe what that price will be regardless of seller.
@_date: 2015-01-26 20:24:30
I never employed ad hominem, and I never said anything about anybody's capacity to understand anything. "Savvy" does not describe a person's capacity to understand something, it describes their *reality* of understanding it.
Would you describe somebody as "Media Savvy" if they [dismissed Youtube personalities interviewing President Obama as "a teeny-bopper AMA"]( Is it possible to be Politically Savvy and not know what the phrases "Drone Strike" or "Affordable Care Act" even refer to?


I'm sorry, I have to do *what* now?
Every time that Microsoft has ever lost it's market share in an industry it used to dominate or failed to launch in a new one while somebody else ate their lunch (twice lost it's hold on the browser market, lost the server market, failed to launch for all of mobile, search, and distributed computing), precisely *how many* die hard M$ fanboys had to have their minds changed to see those events happen? Because as far as I can tell, the only things that will change their minds is the world first changing around them and they find themselves having to run to catch up because they never saw the writing on the wall.
Bitcoin is not a fashion who can only have it's value realized by winning the popularity of the masses. It is a competitive payment system. Either it *is* dominant, as a fact, and thus will *inexorably* snowball over time and gain marketshare, or it is not. 
So if it turns out not to be dominant, then why would I wish to pitch it in the first place and try to lead skeptics astray? If it is proven dominant, why would I even *have* to?
Your friends can neither praise nor condemn Bitcoin based on the tiniest sliver of fact, so they are *not* savvy. That is the only thing I am arguing. If you described a friend as "scientifically minded" and they were denying climate change or endorsing homeopathy, then I would challenge that credential prima facia just as readily. "But they make their money from sciencing and own many beakers and test tubes" would not enter into it.
@_date: 2015-01-21 00:08:08
It *raises* the question. But that question is easily answered: most of the $10/txn is awarded as newly minted Bitcoin, offered to miners as a subsidy until ordinary transaction volume can sustain the hash rate on it's own. Since that subsidy represents an increase in currency supply, it is exacted against the purchasing power of BTC (it depresses the exchange rate) so represents a relative currency-tax payed by all holders.
Regardless, measuring it as "$10/txn" instead of "25BTC/block" is disingenuous because the cost (subsidy reward) is tied to time (blocks) and is utterly decoupled from txn. Issuing one more transaction does not *cost* the network anything more, and doubling the total transaction volume would not either.
@_date: 2015-01-31 21:24:00


Yes, enough interest to counter inflation, like it says on the tin. Not enough interest to pay all of your taxes for you. Why would the government bother adding inflation just to counter a tax they could instead choose not to impose? They *tax* you because maintaining the same purchasing power is considered gains as the yardstick shrinks.


Are you insane? The tax gets calculated against the Roth IRA as soon as you withdraw from it. There exists no functional difference *unless* you can calculate tax somewhat favorably in your retirement years compared to how you'd be taxed in the near term, but that is a hell of a far cry from "lol I'll throw this instrument into this magical tax-erasing hat!"
But none of this matters to my central point (which you're avoiding out of sheer pedantry) because TIPS is not functionally dissimilar to the end user from just purchasing a bushel of the durable commodities that inflation gets calculated against in the first place. The problem is not about whether or not a hoarder can hoard, the problem is that they cannot rely on your form of money to act as a store of value at all.. and worse yet that it's utility as a unit of account gets completely undermined.
@_date: 2014-01-31 02:21:36
.. for which they are paid **newly minted** BTC, to be fair. ;3
And if you start your own snoop-dogedoge currency, then by defining the protocol and then mining you are very much minting your own coin. Still legal, according to this guidance.
@_date: 2015-01-07 00:17:19
Yeah, transaction fees act like "postage" such that if anybody wants to *pay* to have their spam stored in the blockchain, then at least the miners are *being paid* to store that so that the relationship scales.
Whenever block size is brought up, the fact that full nodes do not get compensation for blockchain bloat is discussed as well. Perhaps the miners pull commensurate costs to their revenue but nodes never get paid at all.
That's an externality that remains a concern, I think. However the price of spam still remains at least a *deterrent* from that node resource being drained, since it would drain the spammer's resource of available BTC in kind.
@_date: 2015-01-09 22:39:42


But the difference between whether a complex thing can just be "used" thoughtlessly and whether you have to understand it's workings generally breaks down to "whether or not it's going to break", or misbehave in an unexpected way that may injure you.
For Bitcoin, that's primarily "your money gets stole" or "your money gets stuck/lost/delayed", your transactions fail to process quickly or smoothly, or the value of the currency shifts compared to your expectations so that when you put in $10usd to pay a $10usd bill the next day you only have $9.25 available to pay the bill.. or you have to put in $11usd "just in case" but then have this messy change hanging around you're not sure how to feel about (did somebody just scam me out of 10%?).
When you understand *how* Bitcoin works then you can plan for or around gotchas like this. Consolidate your change balances, plan ahead so that your wallet is secure from theft, plan ahead so that 1-conf transactions have 10-20 minutes of leadtime and 6-conf transactions have 2 hours of leadtime. Things like that. Perhaps as the service industry around Bitcoin evolves and innovates, they will slap a layer of cushioning between their customers and these sharp corners.
But on that day the customer is scarcely using Bitcoin and thus doesn't have to be convinced of it's prowess in the same way that an iPhone user doesn't have to be sold on FreeBSD (iOS is a layer of cushioning over FreeBSD) and a Facebook user doesn't have to be sold on TCP.
Instead, you still have to sell this more bare metal tech to Apple and to Facebook. *Somebody* needs to realize the value of a globally distributed, decentralized financial consensus system in order to build on this metal.
@_date: 2015-01-09 07:02:05
Right... then I'll just withdraw all my money from an ATM far away from anywhere, and then cry that my money was all stole because my bank pin was 1234.
@_date: 2015-01-25 15:34:37
From first pull comment:


@_date: 2014-12-21 07:50:32
It runs full nodes. It's client software generates keys and signs transactions, BC.i [publishes these transactions through it's full nodes]( This represents bare metal access to the Network API if not the CLI API, as I have used that interface to publish signed exotic transactions (both multisig and OP_LOCK) before as well.
All you have to do to be part of the "core bitcoin network" is to participate in it. BC.i's software does that. In fact, the same loss of currency could have happened to any user building keys with Diceware (perfect RNG) if he had only signed two transactions using the same private key and same k value, even if he was performing the signing operations by hand on graph paper.
The saving grace that prevents such loss being any fault in the protocol is that the requirement to use different k values is known and discussed by devs (whether or not it's part of any whitepaper), and the bitcoind reference client avoids k-collisions.
@_date: 2014-09-12 20:11:34
The IRS *does* define jargon for the purpose of their policies. If they describe Bitcoin as VC, then they are defining it as such for the purpose of their policies.
Even were that not true, it is still the finest hair splitting I've heard in a long time to make a fuss about define vs describe.
@_date: 2014-09-17 20:15:28


Right, so how do merchant processors like Bitpay or Coinbase handle that? Because that's a scenario I've never explored before. One would imagine the merchant processor will do everything that they can (including at least the shallow mempool searches for doublespend efforts) to reduce risk of 0-conf attacks, or they wouldn't be able to serve their own "15 minute price hold window" business model.
@_date: 2015-01-13 08:07:46
@_date: 2015-01-15 06:36:44
But that's not any different, is it? If there were more buyers offline then offline price would increase because offline BTC would be harder to get your hands on, and anybody who runs both an exchange account and offline orders would arbitrage it.
Literally: supply is exceeding demand. The fact that "supply of sell orders is exceeding supply of buy orders" is only one of the ways we use to measure the end result of the larger pressures at play.
@_date: 2015-01-07 03:19:24
However, in other news, meeting in person to exchange little green bearer's bonds is a huge example of *labor friction* and you're going to see 5% or better premium charges for that. I've done it tons, and it's several times more of a hassle to arrange schedules with a random than it is waiting in line at the DMV.
And, at the end of the day what about businesses that require less friction? What of Coinbase and Circle where you can buy your bitcoins easily or Coinbase and Bitpay converting merchant transactions? At the back ends of these have to be automated exchange services with sufficiently high volume to offer a low spread.
LBC and Mycelium are not appropriate decentralized exchanges, because they are also *sneakernet* exchanges.
@_date: 2015-05-27 04:25:26


A block *frequency* decrease *would* utterly require a hard fork, and if you really have learned that you have no idea how Bitcoin works then I suppose I am glad to have helped.
@_date: 2015-05-29 01:35:32
Those are some cherry-picked anecdotes out of the Kodak story there, my friend. Why would the world's photography leader need to file for bankruptcy if transitioning to digital was as smooth and premeditated as you make it sound?


@_date: 2015-05-27 01:33:21


Boo hoo. The network orphans valid blocks all of the time. It is an intentional race condition: if two people find blocks too temporally close together, then the fastest one to have additional blocks endorse it wins.
While I'm mining, I'm listening for other blocks from other miners. You send me a 5GB block? Well, alright, I start to download it. But do you think I stop the mining I'm already doing? *hell no!* that would be trading potential lost revenue in case the block I'm mining is too old and I lose a race against *guaranteed* lost revenue from turning off the mining entirely.
Now what if another node passes me a block? I download that in tandem. If it's *ahem* "not 5GB", then it's going to download first and I'm going to switch to hashing against that because that's now the longest chain *I have finished downloading and verifying*.
Same thing happen if I *find* a block before your download completes. My new block is not based on your block, so now it's a competitor and I let it loose on the network.
So, what's the upshot? Maybe a few mining nodes capable of downloading 5GB in less than 10 minutes (eg, 66mbps) start mining your weird block right away, but 99% of us find other blocks not based on yours because we couldn't finish your download fast enough. Even if the 1% *do* mine beyond your block, we cannot verify their addition until we've finished downloading your block *so we continue to race against you* until we can even have a copy of your side of the chain to start to evaluate for accuracy.
By then, odds are *significantly* against you that we haven't gained several blocks ahead in our direction, completely orphaning you. But in the unlikely (eg: difficult to reproduce) even that you do win the race? Then there's a 5GB blemish in the blockchain and a bunch of us get several blocks orphaned, which is pretty standard mining risk to begin with.
So you go to all the expense (electricity and exotic hardware) to hash this custom attack block, but the larger it is the higher the risk that *you* are the one that gets orphaned, cheating you out of any possible reward. In the best case scenario, you lead up to two or three other miners to get orphaned blocks and you get to poop a limited amount of nonsense into the blockchain.. with absolutely no hope to reproduce the feat.
So, we're back to: I should be afraid of this outcome because *why*? :P
@_date: 2015-01-04 00:55:44


Uhhh.. am I trying to start a subreddit? Are you drunk-posting?
@_date: 2015-01-25 15:42:04
Is this DAE? D:
@_date: 2015-01-15 06:59:28
Yeah, while I agree just fine with your specific observations and analysis of lowered user friendliness, I do disagree with your prescription for improvement:


Bitcoin is not really designed with the primary goal of being easier for the lazy end-user than a credit card system that hasn't improved it's security in 40 years due solely to pampering the same spoiled audience. Even if it were able to hit that mark Bitcoin economy and Bitcoin merchants and service providers would not win any gains from that negative-margin business model.
No, I think that strong end-user adoption pressure has to be very late on our itinerary.
Bitcoin is an industrial solution. If we had worked out an innovative insulation material but one that still had a lot of human health hazards to overcome, then our first goal would not be to insulate homes and baby strollers with the stuff. That's a goal we couldn't even meet until tons of work had been done to the material to produce a bio-friendly version of it. No, the correct first step would be industrial uses where you can stuff this material into buildings or around machines where human's aren't going to come into direct contact with it, but the very large businesses deploying it can save millions buying and using our solution instead of fiberglass or asbestos or aerogel or whatever.
Both the profit and the growing notoriety of serving heavy industry needs well, along with corner cases I cannot find analogs for in this analogy like remittance, censorship-free transactions (drugs/gambling/adult entertainment/anonymous digital services/donating to whistleblowers) and microtransactions will help finance innovation for things like end-user friendliness, but will also help build closed financial loops such that it becomes more profitable for businesses and select individuals to hold Bitcoin balances and thus to accept payment and wage in BTC.
Once you are *there*, then more generic BTC merchant acceptance simply becomes a competition to win money from other users and businesses who already have much of their disposable income in BTC form and who see "having to convert it to fiat and ACH to a bank with a 3-5 day delay" as the inconvenient side.
In short, aside from first completely upsetting the USD applecart I do not believe that Bitcoin will *ever* be more convenient for the lazy card holder who is paid wage in USD than plastic is, nor will it need to be. :3
@_date: 2015-01-07 02:45:58
Well I didn't mean "major change" in number of lines of code altered, I meant "major change" in required network adoption to make it work. :)
@_date: 2014-02-16 10:51:43
According to legend, the Gordian Knot was an intricate knot tied by King Gordius of Phrygia.
An oracle foretold that whoever could undo it would be the next ruler of Asia.
So a young Macedonian general named Alexander raided the place one day. After trying for upwards of sixty seconds to undo the blasted thing, he finally just sliced it through with his sword.
Then he went on to conquer the known world because fuck you. :P
@_date: 2014-03-05 18:31:44


Inner workings or not, [you should pay at least enough attention to know if other customers are having systemic problems with them]( before you dump your nestegg into any company; even US Banks.
So many spoiled, first world investors just spewing their money into the air because they've grown accustomed to other, unknown and unnamed actors dutifully and silently grabbing the bills and sorting them where they are meant to go. If something goes wrong by theft or mistake, they're just trained to bawl as loudly and irritatingly as possible until some magic third party somewhere (government? Bank? Visa? Paypal? who cares, somebody..) "fixes" it (often by short changing merchants, tax bailouts or [haircuts to everybody else]( and offers them a binkie.
@_date: 2014-01-16 20:13:55
I do not interpret original post as any kind of criticism against Bitcoin as a whole but potentially against Coinbase's business practices in particular.
One of the killer approaches to utilizing Bitcoin — often lauded by Coinbase themselves — is as a fast value transfer system from fiat on one side to fiat on the other. However, as long as the easy-to-use facilities to buy into Bitcoin, such as coinbase, cannot keep up with demand due to their hot wallet stalling then that approach can't be realized.
In order to convert fiat to bitcoin through an exchange, you have to send a wire transfer for a large amount of USD at with up to a $35 fee on both ends. For buying $1,000 USD worth of Bitcoin, that can represent up to 7% loss. Then you have to wait 3-7 days for the wire to complete, then you trade on the market.
Coinbase has been one of the most straightforward buy-in methods, except for it's propensity to cancel transfers due to fraud risk (yes, even I got hit by that once!) and the "whelp, we're out of coins today!" messages. Unless they're doing something really radical behind the scenes to counterbalance things, this contracting hot wallet will just inflame those specific failings in their service and like it or not, until somebody can compete with them for the same brokerage offerings our entire ecosystem is at least temporarily darkened as a result.
@_date: 2015-01-13 08:19:06
@_date: 2015-01-04 00:26:48
If I think that a KKK rally is **only** about intimidating and harassing non-whites, or if I think that the service crawlways in sewers are **only** for maintaining the system that distributes toxic human effluence from one place to another, then I am *the right amount* of informed.
These locations do not offer any other value of conversation one could not just as easily have set far apart from those toxic primary objectives.
Neither does a forum dedicated to scatologically misnaming the technology you say you are trying to have a productive discussion about.
@_date: 2015-01-20 00:03:41
Hey, this was your analogy. In your own words: "With Bitcoin, I'd be screwed and would likely need to involve the police or courts to retrieve my funds." So, what are you backpedaling over now? Had you walked into the car rental spot with cash in your wallet would you be suing them now, or walking back out with your cash?
This has no bearing on whether the transaction is online or in person: do not offer them control over your funds until after you are reasonably satisfied that the product is delivered as advertised. For unknown parties, that is escrow or the electronic equivalent of COD. For known entities whom you trust as least as much as you'd trust a credit card company in their stead, it's of no concern.
@_date: 2015-01-09 05:50:31
If they used your password to access the account (or that of your backup access, such as your email account) then by definition it was neither strong nor secured.
Let's follow this very carefully.
A keeps a shared secret with B.
C tells B that secret.
A *by definition* failed to keep the secret, and cannot claim that they did.
That is the scenario where you are not insured.
@_date: 2015-01-19 23:00:01
And greenaddress.it :3
@_date: 2015-01-07 03:03:23
Potentially, sure. But whatever miners mine for that would be seriously wasting their resources since their proceeds would not be recognized by the majority network, and if only 0.01% of mining power goes into it then new blocks won't get found for 2 months on average and it may take hundreds of years for them to mine enough blocks at the difficulty they were left at to effect an appropriate difficulty drop.
You could always spin up an 0.7 or earlier copy of bitcoind if you'd like that feeling, today! x3
@_date: 2015-01-18 13:46:33
Or 2/n multisig.
Why would 2/n multisig be better than SSSS? Because the latter requires *somebody* to gather all of the creds together in order to generate and use the 1/1 secret, while m/n on the blockchain never exposes you to that. :&gt;
@_date: 2015-01-02 06:30:30
Bitcoin is precisely as secure as you make it. It's value is presently volatile, which doesn't mean much when you use Coinbase or Circle to pay for services like this one and hold it for only a fraction of a second.
But .. *invisible*? What kind of ignorant, luddite complaint is this? Currency is a social contract and *has never been* visible.
This sounds like the complaint AOL users might have about newer internet providers, since they don't get a free sign-on CD any more. :P
@_date: 2015-01-31 21:41:32


How the hell does that work? If I create 10 widgets and put the savings in a vault, then X years later the value of a *widget* should fall because there are so many more of them and they are cheaper to make.
When I pull my money out of the vault, all I ask for is to still be able to buy 10 widgets, even though they represent a thinner slice of the global economy.
But that is not happening.
As population and the labor market expands, as a greater percentage of the labor market attends ever more costly (even worse than inflation!) higher education to learn skilled trades, the amount of dollars it takes to recoup one hour of *unskilled* labor such as flipping burgers or pushing a wheelbarrow increases exponentially.
As the technology to produce, refine, and ship textiles and food improves over time, the cost in dollars to feed or clothe one ordinary adult increases exponentially.
@_date: 2015-01-13 11:59:40
Perhaps, but no refund address. Also some wallets ignore the amount field from the uri, some like BCI on Android just open up the wallet in the "send money" window and don't fill *anything* in. :/
@_date: 2015-01-08 05:15:51


No it isn't, only your transaction with the criminal aids the criminal. They buy a Widget from you using stolen bitcoins, now they have a widget. And then *tomorrow* those bitcoins get tainted, and you are out your money but the bad guy still has his widget and doesn't give any fucks.
Taint is nothing but guilt by association and police by proxy. Honoring taint poisons the water supply because honoring business with whoever *does* honor the taint requires you to duplicate their workload and spy on everybody whom you do business with, lest you get caught holding tainted coin you can't spend.
And at the end of the day, who are you even trusting to flag coins as tainted? The reddit witchhunt brigade who did so well after the Boston Bombing? The US authorities who would be just as happy to taint any coin that gets donated to Wikileaks or Snowden, or that gets used in *legal* marijuana purchases in my state due to Federal law remaining out of sync? Anyone who loves US regulation so much should just stick with US rectal cavity search fiat, which *still* gets stolen and laundered by the Billions of USD every day because what they consider crime does not match what we do, and never will.


But even in warped US law (as far as I understand, be advised that IANAL or anything..) they have no provocation to "put you in handcuffs" for doing legal business and getting paid tainted bitcoin for your products. If you are a money services business or a money transmitter, like Charlie Shrem of BitInstant was, then you have to follow certain AMC/KYC regulations *on the fiat side* that he allegedly did not. There exists no US law requiring taint voodoo (did we even mention how ineffective it is, yet?) of even *those* people.
If you are selling digital or physical products then your only legal obligation is to avoid doing business with people who explicitly (and documentably, such as a recording during a sting) *tell* you they are using this transaction to further a crime, or otherwise solicit your knowing aid or knowing ommission of ordinary censure (EG: "I'll pretend I didn't hear you say that..").
@_date: 2015-01-07 01:11:28


Um.. what limit would that be, though? Presently I am able to run a full node over a 36kpbs dial-up modem. My community college's trunk connection was faster than that (56kbps isdn) when I started using it twenty years ago this week.
@_date: 2015-01-08 02:31:27
Wait, aren't you that guy from the other thread that loves kicking puppies?
At any rate, it's quite rude to couch an accusation accompanied with no evidence in the form of an innocent-seeming question like you have. It invites unwarranted prejudice and basically amounts to libel on the off chance that you "thought wrong".
I am personally aware of no "fundamental flaws" in Coinjoin, though I also haven't really used it or anything. I would love to learn if there are any you are aware of, however I'm not about to wild-goose-chase after whatever *you* may or may not have read to do so, either. When I do a google search I get nothing but false hits and one forum discussion full of attribution errors.
@_date: 2015-05-09 07:06:56


No, my logic is that nobody will use a broken blockchain just because you can maybe sort of get it to work so long as you dump more money down a well than people you do not know nor can predict around the world during the same time period try to do.


When 1500 people per block every block want to get their txn *into* a block that only has room for 1000 so that they don't have to wait for 3AM EST when things die down enough to process the lottery losers, you seem to think that if everybody just adds 5 cents then somehow more room will magically appear?
No. No matter WHAT tx fees they offer, 1/3 of those people are shit out of luck. Do you understand? **There exists no fee** that will guarantee that your transaction **ever** completes on a congested blockchain.
The only guarantee is simply using a blockchain that does not turn away transactions. So, that is what every rational actor will do: shun the network that turns into a minefield when you actually try to use it.
@_date: 2015-05-14 08:55:42
Yep, take note:
You need in on this!
(Also, just ordered one mwahaha!)
@_date: 2015-01-07 03:51:27
Or [hindsight-deterministic]( days at least, so that people can't just call "april fools!" to cover up incompetence on their own part. ;3
@_date: 2015-01-08 03:14:58
Loans are normally denominated in the currency they are handed out in. When you take a loan at a bank, or use a credit card, they give you $100 today — at today's purchasing power — and expect back $110 in the future, at the future point's purchasing power.
Even if they didn't, they would expect greater percentage returns than the currency loses to inflation anyway. If USD loses 2%/yr to inflation then they will ask 8%, 12%, or 20% per annum interest. Why would they do elsewise and purposefully get back less purchasing power than they lent??
@_date: 2015-01-26 19:40:15
But it is meant to survive everybody hammering it at the same time and still be responsive. Besides, rubberknecking at an announcement is peanuts compared to tens of thousands of HFT bots needling your APIs hundreds of times per second trying to squeeze out ever nickel of profit they can secure prior to March's fees coming online. :P
@_date: 2015-01-07 04:18:48


The addresses your wallet holds the keys for have balances that are tracked by the blockchain. Do you get to guarantee that your addresses are all in the chain(s) you are validating or not?


If somebody wants to pay you money, and they do not have a balance in the same chain your receiving address is in, then they have to get the balance out of their native chain and into your preferred chain somehow, don't they?


My apologies, I caught myself saying "mining" when I meant "validation" more than once but it looks like an errant reference still slipped through. ;3
The rest of your answer sounds promising; that the validation work you do can benefit other SPV clients. However the segmentation of actual money between the blockchains still sounds bulky enough to kill the promise. Scalability cannot happen *unless* money is fragmented thoroughly enough, and money actually crossing fragment boundaries sounds quite complicated, and in your own words "inconvenient".
@_date: 2015-01-10 00:47:58
@_date: 2015-01-08 03:20:57
But why? Neither of them are wrong, and they're certainly not mutually exclusive.
Did OP recommend a "black bitcoin month" or something?
@_date: 2015-01-21 02:06:53
Wait, so when material Snowden offers you agrees with your premise it is unquestionably accurate, yet when it challenges your premise it is obviously a lie slipped in for use as propaganda?
The only difference between the two being whether or not it already agrees with your assumptions?
@_date: 2015-05-21 22:38:36


It's a bit of a slippery idea. It is correct that you cannot *today* hold a greater value in BTC than it's current market cap (which is the total number of BTC units that exist multiplied by the current BTC unit price).
But the act of trying to move from a position of having, say, $10billion usd into a position of buying all of the bitcoin that you can will inevitably increase BTC's unit price until the market cap is greater than how much you were trying to invest.
Basically, your $10bil USD gets represented in the market as liquid demand, and people will stop selling BTC at low rates if they know you are basically guaranteed to buy it from them even at higher rates. Then once you have it, prior to selling off your act of making BTC harder for ordinary people to get will keep that price pegged fairly high, to boot. Nobody can guarantee you will keep either the market cap in general or your holdings in particular at $10bil USD of value for any specific amount of time (and if you're the currency's new anchor tenant, then odds would certainly be against you) but you would certainly increase the floor (by quite a lot!) below which unit price is not likely to drop; which in turn would protect at least a large chunk of your input value.
Once you start to sell off is when things would get the most dicey: your new sell strategy would represent oversupply to the market and you would depress unit price quite a lot, perhaps even below where it started when you began buying, even if no other forces were acting to depress the market. Basically everybody would take on the mindset "Cheap coin? Hooray! If I hold out maybe it will even get cheaper.." and your interest to sell would tend to reward such behavior.
So at the end of the day, using Bitcoin to transfer value by exchanging from one currency and then exchanging back into another for huge value transfers on par with Bitcoin's initial market cap could prove tremendously lossy. This is one of the reasons that increased unit price tends to also increase Bitcoin's utility.
But it's still just not a fair representation of what the video literally said, which is that you can transfer any amount of *money* (which in context means "Bitcoin that you already own") to anybody else in the world instantly. That part is still true, and the *transfering* of Bitcoin all by itself has no great impact on it's value. The buying in and the cashing out is the part that can send the market into frenzies. ;3
@_date: 2015-01-07 03:47:08
Right, but the warning seemed to focus on not re-using *old* addresses, like if you were a business that just grabbed a deposit address in 2013 and programatically deposited to that or something.
@_date: 2015-01-05 22:28:01
But you still aren't answering my question which underpins my answer to your question.
In what ways are materially different from that makes it closed minded to write off one but not the other?
Does have "redeeming qualities" or is that laughably irrelevant given their primary, overt motive of hatred and prejudice?
Unless you can seriously address what I have offered you three times now, I have to assume you are just trying to troll based on a [Paradox of Tolerance]( Until then take note that I am still trying to make something out of this discussion, and I am *not* writing you off due simply to your stance though I may soon for alternate reasons if you do not exit this discursive rut.
@_date: 2015-01-19 23:02:22
How are "those two situations are exactly the same with respect to computers"? Do you mean "from the computer's POV, it cannot easily tell owner from non-owner"?
Bitcoin allows your funds to be secured by way of a secret string of information you disclose to no parties, even during a transaction. thus knowing the secret string authenticates you.
This can be paired with hardware security such as Trezor (eg, part of the secret string is stored in the hardware) and multisig wallets (part of the requisite secret string material is stored with a third party).
@_date: 2015-01-29 00:58:54
XBT then.
@_date: 2015-01-06 22:45:06


I disagree partially on the latter part. Most errors that happen once in a few million node-hours would only effect a small percentage of the nodes and would fail to represent any harmony of failures.
For example if we learn in the field that there is a 1/1e8 probability of a miner process rejecting a valid block or blessing an invalid block and forking for no good reason, then we can grab dumps from the single failed miner process and then restart it until it stops showing that error while the rest of the network trudges on. The error being this rare means it cannot strike a huge chunk of the network at once.
The magic sauce in March 2013's fork was specifically an error where *all* implementations (save some newer ones pre-emptively leaving BDB behind) behaved non-deterministically to a very rare, untested *input* condition. It had far less to do with testable hours of node operation and more to do with hours of testable input. :)
@_date: 2015-01-31 19:30:25
Or invest it in a commodities basket which defeats inflation with zero risk. But at the end of the day you are just admitting that your currency cannot function as either a store of value over time or as a reliable unit of account.
Then of course all of the "proceeds" that you earn from not losing money have to be taxed, don't you see, since the unit of account is flawed to start with.
@_date: 2015-01-22 19:50:19


[7% of American adults get struck by identity theft *every year*, to the tune of $50 billion annually]( so stop projecting your own naive "don't care, I've never been injured by it" firstworldview onto others.
@_date: 2015-01-20 00:08:24
Forced what? I replied on the first instance along the page. Then I saw a repeat and assumed you'd just pressed "submit" twice, then I saw this one and realized that you had no intention of honest discussion to begin with.
Have fun in your delusional world of shills and astroturfer conspiracies though, sounds absolutely riveting to me...zzz
@_date: 2015-01-31 04:01:14
Pff, way to only check the price while you're *conscious*! :P
@_date: 2015-01-10 09:23:24
Every time somebody says "I don't believe in coincidences" a reddit commentor gets a downvote.
But the two aren't related, or anything, it's just this spooky anomalous pattern that kind of shows up in the data, y'know? D:
@_date: 2015-05-20 22:32:21


You aren't even attacking a bread salesman, you're attacking a damned bitcoin lemonade stand because the kids running it "For fun", who "haven't optimized costs" don't happen to be more efficient than Country Time/Pepsico.
Exactly who is being ripped off here? Are you tirelessly championing Bitcoiners who don't know how to figure out their own exchange rate, or who have never come out from under a rock for long enough to be introduced to the concept of a telephone before? 
There are exactly zero BTC being made by OP that are not being voluntarily sent directly to him by people who know exactly how much they are spending and exactly what they will get from it. Anyone who got less would have commented as such by now.
You're only upset because you feel people should not spend money doing or enjoying novelties that you personally would not enjoy. Get over yourself.
@_date: 2015-01-26 21:29:31
Exchanges and brokers are where fiat gets traded for BTC, and you're not going to get far with fiat (even cashing out of it) without there being a bank involved.
When you deal completely in BTC, then there is no bank necessarily involved (unless you elect to involve one).
@_date: 2015-01-07 02:49:14


I've heard this alternate solution mentioned a number of times as an answer to scalability, but I have yet to grok what they mean. How can your node know the true balance of address X whenever address X's latest transaction is on one of these side chains that you aren't subscribed to? How can you know which side chains you will need to subscribe to to ensure that potentially any spender in the world can send money to you without having to make a bunch of connecting spends just to get into your chain?
@_date: 2015-05-08 23:28:22
None of the core devs hold Gavin's opinion? Including Mike Hearn and Luke Jr who have both said "Gavin is right, let's do this, what the actual fuck, people?"
3 ≠ none.
@_date: 2015-05-27 01:14:25
If you're primarily concerned about the nodes, then how about we replace "no limit at all" with "no bigger than 2x the biggest block seen in the past X number of blocks on the already verified chain"? That way, if tx volume suddenly shoots up then you don't delay more than a block or two while inflating to meet that demand, yet at the same time nodes can rapidly eat and then reject the largest possible attack blocks.
@_date: 2015-01-08 05:19:13
Done. And since this nominally involves moving some money around, I'll trade ja! x3
+500 bits
@_date: 2015-05-14 04:30:15
[Moo moo moo!](
@_date: 2015-01-30 20:49:56
I would say enrichment. Enrichment is the second order integral of profit after all: What you enrich will issue forth new profit while what you sap of vitality will wither and die fruitless.
"profit" is by definition shortsighted because the beneficiary of the profit is an incomplete picture of the corporate entity involved. Every person and even every corporation is more than their body or their balance sheet: they are members of their surrounding communities, both geographical and ideological, and their ongoing health is unavoidably linked with the health of the communities in which they participate.
If feeding a biological entity "trumped all other considerations" then the entity would eat it's own limbs. When profit "trumps all other" corporate considerations then you break the law and short change and scam your customers, suppliers and employees, and start selling off all of your assets for the highest prices you can see in a ten minute interval.
When you allow *enrichment* to trump other concerns, then you feed and you tend and you care for yourself, others, and your surroundings until you couldn't avoid all the profit that would eventually flow forth if you even tried. :P
@_date: 2015-01-05 21:57:13


Hmm. Pull contributor to bitcoind, former mod of who stepped down when Theymos refused to allow us to remove posts or ban users for harassment. I wrote 4/9 of the rules you see in the sidebar. I convinced Humble Bundle, Inc to accept payments in BTC. I've posted hundreds of comments in this sub in the past 3 years worth ~7k karma yet I have literally never "touched the poop" at buttcoin.
So the question is: is your goal to defend the quality of content here, or simply to make yourself feel better by trying to drag down anybody who challenges what you say? Because the latter is basically the heart of trolling.
@_date: 2015-01-21 02:02:23


No, he is saying that you have misrepresented Snowden and Greenwald.
Everybody (well, everybody of consequence) knows that Tor is not a panacea. Tor makes linking your identity and source IP with the content of your messages *harder* than plaintext, hard enough that it takes *a fair amount of resources* for one of the largest US spy agencies to suss out.. and primarily via side-channel attacks at that.
But on the other hand, poor information hygiene defeats that purpose entirely. If I connect via Tor and tell you what my name and address *are*, then of course you're going to find me and Tor cannot prevent that magnitude of user error. Ulbright used his real email address when first discussing his plans for SR on a publicly archived forum. That would put him at the top of any competent LEO's suspect list before Tor even needed to be considered.
As to your other comment, the term "victim blaming" has no meaning in infosec. When you leak information you lose control over your information: for better or for worse and it's true for decent human and serial killer alike. 
@_date: 2015-01-21 23:57:52
You might as well ask why customers would care about the environment or occupational safety. In the long run it is actually in our best interest not to feed the corrupt institutions which damage our trustworthy merchants, and at the end of the day we all draw a paycheck from somebody who probably qualifies as a merchant themselves so those losses affect our potential wages as well as the cost merchants are forced to reflect back to us as customers.
I care about efficiency. A company that gets to use 100% of the funds I give them can either offer me a discount, or better service, or gets to grow to new locations for better convenience or hire more people for better wages to help local employment. If that instead gets pinched by either greedy CC companies (or greedy management, same difference..) then my money is getting wasted in that pipeline and I am better served shopping elsewhere.
@_date: 2015-01-07 04:00:44
Well before I can pass any more judgments then let me clarify a few questions I have.
1&gt; the 1% sidechain you choose to validate, it sounds like we agree you cannot control your payors being in that sidechain so they normally will not be. Do you at least get to guarantee that *your* wallet is in it, or do you have to rely on SPV for that too?
2&gt; When you aren't in the same chain, are a source and destination address able to send funds to one another in one txn? If so, how can that be proven without the original address and it's pedigree being part of the receiving chain?
3&gt; It sounds like your SPV cannot connect to a cloud of other small people mining all of the chains in aggregate, but still has to connect to one node somewhere that is still mining everything. If this were true then the 1% you do validate would do virtually nobody any good unless other people's SPV clients could benefit from your processing power.
@_date: 2015-01-15 06:27:56
South Korea. The text in above post is Korean, too.
@_date: 2015-01-21 21:23:27
@_date: 2014-04-23 16:37:20
By "abusers" here, keep in mind we are talking about credentials no longer welcome on the system whatsoever. And by "not safeguarding them" we are talking about keeping the *unwelcome* users' credentials in otherwise confidential plaintext to streamline preventing those same credentials from being used elsewhere to exploit the same system.
Again, it's not a very practical policy for an administrator to actually follow because sock puppets simply going to the trouble of maintaining randomized passwords is a trivial work-around to it. My argument only pertains to technical capacity, and the fact that neither the non-banned users security nor the security of the system at large would be endangered by using said technique.
@_date: 2015-01-21 23:45:25


This is why it is our duty to disobey unjust laws. Because they won't change without a counterexample and there would be no counterexample if we all blindly obeyed the law.
@_date: 2015-01-26 21:23:41
@_date: 2015-01-31 03:57:31
All that I am telling you is that [the US Government does not want to allow the proliferation of encryption that they are not able to break]( How is it related to tinfoil hats to refer to well publicized facts such as [The NSA physically altering hardware to grant them remote access]( Would you like some [photos with that?](
This is no more controversial than claiming that human pollution alters the climate or that some people, through no agency of their own, are attracted to the same sex. Or that Kim Jong Un is Homo Sapien along with everybody else.
@_date: 2015-01-03 23:38:23
How about: central planning works great for smaller communities, and outperforms lawlessness by many magnitudes, it's just that it can't scale to national or global levels so decentralization of one form or another has to be implemented at scale?
@_date: 2015-01-19 22:59:07
Or perhaps being kicked in the nuts by a steel-toed shoe, or perhaps if somebody dumps fiberglass dust into your shirt.
But I'm certain that OP's "nothing" was limited in scope to "things that actually happen to him".
@_date: 2015-01-02 11:30:08
While this is a good point, the real take home would be "Can you get Lil' Jon to accept royalties in Bitcoin?" xD
@_date: 2015-01-30 20:32:54


And they're supposed to do this *how* if every party has their own cryptographic signing key?
Oh we'll just get rid of the signing key since every transaction has to be vetted by the same central authority, anyway and since even if we kept signing as a feature, then capricious reversal capability would make that utterly worthless from a functional standpoint and/or simply indistinguishable from Oracle's "signed transactions" featureset.
So you are still just crediting and debiting into a replicated database.
The only question now is "Do we use a blockchain for that purpose, which is designed to be good at allowing non-trusting actors to cooperate and sacrifice every other benefit for that goal (proof of work, slow blocktimes, inefficient transmission, allowing any new node by default, etc), or do we use an established replicated database technology which assumes that the core is trusted and makes everything else easy as a reward? (strong authentication to participate, absolutely *instant* clearance pending whatever rules; checks or delays you administratively choose to add; optimally efficient storage, network usage, search and indexing; the ability to redirect *less* trusted clients to a proper neighboring node without them being a full node, absolute audit log with no mempool amnesia, etc)"
@_date: 2015-05-20 23:50:38
Oh baby! xD
@_date: 2015-05-29 02:04:41
Pretty much. The way that I understand it, the person at the other end of the transaction is overjoyed to get 0.3BTC = ~$74usd in exchange for their $99.99usd purchase thanks to the magic of their not even owning the card that they pay with, and somebody else being stuck with the expense at the end.
And your address being tied to the amazon purchase once the police begin to investigate the fraudulent purchases.
@_date: 2015-01-19 22:55:49


That's self-contradictory. "TOO much" of what from what perspective? Obviously not "TOO much" of the criteria you'd already mentioned.
If the world values financial autonomy, then either Bitcoin wins the race of decentralized currency — meaning it rises to the required market-cap — or else there exists a consensus rationale why any other contender could overcome it's network dominance and win in it's stead. 
You can't just ignore systemic demand. If I say "Here is my Ebola vaccine, it cannot be synthesized for less than $10usd per dose" you can't just say "that costs too much, speculators will demand it for $1, then $0.20, then $0.05" because it cannot deliver as advertised at those prices. You either pay what it costs, or you find and pay for a fully realized but still somehow cheaper alternative, or your demand remains eternally unmet and Ebola outbreaks continue to spread across the world claiming millions of lives.
The World is going to invest in *some* global, digital ledger for fully autonomous storage and transfer of value. Bitcoin is the first and most fully adopted solution of this kind with the best infrastructure to date. Either it breaks, and/or something else outcompetes it on features or cost or innovation, or it *will* rise to the need as the only candidate actually capable of doing so.
@_date: 2015-01-31 17:54:45


Is it trivial to savings?
When I get a dollar, then so long as I spend it quickly enough I reap all of it's value. But when I put it in the bank or under the mattress for a rainy day then it evaporates like untouched icecubes in the fridge.
Why should currency be perishable by design? You'll do nothing but drive long-term savers to purchase scarce, non-perishable commodities like steel or gold or neodymium. As maturity sets in, perhaps Bitcoin may also join that fold.
@_date: 2015-01-06 01:39:23


What about if each renewal and transfer involves a fresh nonce?
The nature of the posted transaction being "renewal" or "transfer" may not thus be clear until later when new nonce gets published. This at least reduces the problem to "globally publishing the nonce out of band", which sounds intuitively solvable to me. ;3
@_date: 2015-01-08 02:16:15
1. Coin tainting has nothing to do with the case against Charlie Shrem
2. Coin tainting undermines the fungibility of the currency. It makes some coins "worth less" than others in a measurable manner, and creates the additional burden on potentially everybody in the system to both check their current coins for taint and second guess whether or not incoming coins from others are tainted, increasing complex refunds in case they are etc, at the risk of every player being eventually caught holding the bag on coins difficult or impossible to redeem.
3. Coin tainting supports extortion by way of blackmail: "do XYZ for me or give me a discount on the bitcoin I just sent you to buy a product, or else I'll have the payment tainted and tell everyone that you stole it!"
Because of these reasons it is in better interests of all players in the ecosystem to shun coin tainting as an unfair and overbroad reaction to theft, and to seek alternate resolutions instead.
@_date: 2015-01-10 00:18:25
@_date: 2015-01-21 01:42:32
Money services business *maybe*, but IIRC (and IANAL) not a money transmitter since they are physically handling cash and bitcoin credentials to the same person standing in front of them.
@_date: 2015-05-15 00:33:49
What I said is that a society owns the real estate that it defends from oncommers. That is not a political opinion about how things *would* run the most profitably or the most morally, that is merely an observation of *a maxim it is impossible for any sufficiently large group of people to avoid*. For better or for worse.
I also never said which *part* of that society gets to make the decisions, that is up to the society. Some are communistic, some democratic, some are a monarchy.
"The People" that you mention are only one possible (and if you ask me, utterly fictional) component of the society, and there have existed zero examples of societies numbering more than 1 million in population which have even tried, let alone succeeded in giving "the people" ultimate control over the means of production.
But don't let me stop you from building strawmen about what my opinion is of the best pattern of government, which I've never even begun to discuss. All I have done so far is compare the already somewhat unfortunate status quo with the relatively laughably worthless idea that naive incremental changes in the direction of anarcho capitalism (especially starting with "woohoo let's just not pay taxes! Fuck The Man, YOLO!") would introduce anything even remotely resembling improvement.
@_date: 2015-01-08 03:21:35
[Mawgun Freeman, Mawgun Freeman](
@_date: 2015-01-13 12:03:08
How about this, on my phone when I try to task back and forth between the web browser and BCI wallet, every time I leave the wallet it forgets what I had put into it before so I have to arrive in one trip to fill in figures. What's in my clipboard? The payment address, since I'm certainly not copying *that* by hand. That means the amount I do have to copy by hand. While I have yet to screw it up, mistakes happen and most people have less eidetic memories than I do. :P
@_date: 2015-01-19 23:34:19
Whinge, people downvote me (lol, and report me!) when I copy paste the same comment multiple times per thread. This just proves that they are evil!
@_date: 2015-01-15 06:30:42
Why not? Integrate all the things. :P
@_date: 2015-01-08 23:15:18


It is if they gain access via some fault of theirs instead of yours. For example, if you use a secure password and you never leak it.
If somebody logs in using your credentials and wipes out your account, you probably will not be covered, no. But in that case how could *any* insurance be certain you didn't do it yourself? That is the entire question of identity. Would I be insured if somebody walked up to an ATM somewhere and withdrew cash using my card and pin? Or walked into a bank branch with 2 forms of photo ID and just emptied my account? If I would, then why don't I just do those things myself and double my money?
If somebody *cannot* know your password and/or defeat your 2fa, then they *cannot* do the above and the login has to be via some manner of hacking. What kind of attacker who *can* hack into a company's accounts the hard way would stop at one? But even if they did, then evidence at Circle's end that you never actually authorized the transaction means you will be insured.
@_date: 2015-01-22 00:25:35
No, that's how *racketeering* works.
You really believe that a sign of a healthy economy is that I get to mug you (and beat you up, just for fun) and nobody bothers to catch me because they'll just print new money to fill your wallet back up anyway so that not only does the victim still have their same nominal balance, but the mugger gets to enjoy his copy as well on the backs of devaluing all currency for everybody?
How is it a healthy economy that the most profitable transaction for the credit card company (the fraudulent ones, where more fees get to be charged with no associated costs borne by them) is also the one that profits criminal activity, thus encouraging it to grow more bold and aggressive over time?
All criminals dream of printing their own money, and you are basically saying that theft *is* printing money, which I am certain they would appreciate hearing.
@_date: 2015-01-28 02:53:47
What they are proposing here would *not* reduce *any* of their operating costs, though. It would introduce new points of failure and any reasonable-faith proof-of-work efforts would be an utter waste of resources. 
The blockchain is an unutterably elegant solution to allow a world of administratively disconnected individuals *who have reason to deeply distrust one another* to nonetheless reach a global consensus on a distributed, *cheat-proof* ledger. All parties have to make relatively significant sacrifices to meet this end, and you are left with effective algorithmic regulation without a state having to enforce any of it.
However the banking cartel *is* already one administrative entity, with no plans to change. They do not *require* this kind of cryptography to maintain a distributed ledger, because they already get to enforce cannon by any means that they choose. They can use SSL or VPN to resist evesdropping and manipulation over an open network, but all authorized players will be compelled to play by the centralized rules without this kind of costly intervention.
Let me put it this way: The blockchain is like a door lock. It allows people in a community who do not trust arbitrary people outside to deter unwanted guests from entering their homes.
But if you live alone inside of a house, and there exist zero people to lock out of a room but yourself (which naturally you would always have the key to any door) then locks to doors already inside the home become useless since you cannot protect yourself from yourself, nor would any sane person need to.
@_date: 2014-07-26 08:50:46


So non-statists keep telling me, but none have been made yet so far as I can tell. Like, not even in populations exceeding 20k people.
As a result what I politely request of non-statists is that they actually *build* some working model of the utopia that they suggest prior to casting aspersions on civilization models that have actually demonstrated themselves to be functional.
It's one thing to say "I think XYZ would be a superior overarching pattern by which a society could function". Most people would be fascinated and wish to help you explore this concept. To perform experiments, learn where implementation skews from the theory, and mature the model via direct demonstration.
Instead what I always run into in discussion is people who have ideas in their heads, who have read some alternative hypotheses, and are instantly satisfied that some pattern or another is superior beyond criticism and that anything in reality that falls short of the promises of this dream must be not only tragic but malicious and demonic. "all tax is theft", "all war is immoral", "all coercion against me under any circumstances is a holocaust".


You were born into it and every nanosecond of your life from conception to the instant you crossed whatever threshold you feel allows you sufficient cognition to be held to contractual obligation, you benefitted from and were indebted to it. You continue to agree to this contract by living on the land owned by the society who asks it of you, and during your formative years your parents consented on your behalf via the same [contract of adhesion](
**If** you wish a different contract **then** you are very clearly required to either negotiate one with your society (via its state and its legislative process therein) or emigrate to land owned by a different society in order to adhere to its social contracts instead. If none of these land-owning societies suit you, then you must create your own.
The most straightforward way to accomplish that is to raise your own military in order to seize and thereafter to defend the land where you wish to establish your own social contract, and to enter diplomatic relations with your neighboring sovereign states. That's right, you cannot obtain what you are after without use of coercion and immoral war, so best of luck.


If you have entered into a contract with them, for example if the "home" you speak of is part of a homeowners association and your purchase (or "state sublease", if you prefer that kind of terminology) of land carries the condition of maintaining service with Comcast, then so far as I can tell you should be required to live up to your contract, yes.
I really do view your position as "I entered into this contract, and benefited from it, nobody can reliably describe any alternative method I could even be alive to write this if I hadn't entered into this contract, yet now I wish to welsh on my half of the obligation because I'm just that damned snobby and any mechanism that prevents me from having my cake and eating it too is immoral".
@_date: 2014-09-17 01:00:49


No more nor less shared state than the blockchain itself. Your application cannot get any rollback via the API that your node wouldn't get from new information off of the chain just as easily during orphans and minor forks.
The entire point here is that "blockchain" is black boxed to this node (or cluster of nodes if you're concerned about one of them failing and want HA) and your application can do any innovative god damned thing that it wants by accessing the API which exposes "blockchain".
The innovative thing from Toshi's perspective is that this node tells you about all addresses and complex things about payments like taints and statistics (all of which carries zero state information not derived and cacheable directy from the already fickle blockchain data) whereas the reference client's API can only tell you about addresses in the local wallet and offers few if any inspection features.


The blockchain .. is .. data. Are you also tired of everybody always indenting the source code? Or were you just hoping to mix your application layer logic directly into the mission-critical network handling?
@_date: 2015-01-10 00:35:57
USD bearers bond notes (bank notes) do not require internet service, but they do not *allow* transaction over any communications medium either without first yielding them to a third party to account for you. They require physical relocation in order to act as cash.
Likewise, Bitcoin does not require paper notes and can be transacted to any place on earth without being yielded to *any* party in the interim whatsoever. Thus if you send them directly then they cannot be mishandled by a disinterested third party, the transaction cannot be selectively blocked or censored, and your funds cannot be frozen.
Or alternately, should you *chose* to involve a third party (escrow, exchange, payment processor, etc) and then *that* party does not have to exist as an appendage of the single global banking institution that we all know and love today.
@_date: 2015-01-04 00:47:45
How does that change when you pay via Debit card then, or even pre-paid stored value card?
@_date: 2015-01-26 19:10:22
I wasn't even aware there were 7 before Coinbase climbed on board. :P
@_date: 2015-01-10 00:50:28
Wat do you mean? xHamster has been accepting BTC [since July 2014]( which is at least more than half a year ago today.
@_date: 2015-01-20 01:00:09
Maybe if you false dichotomy hard enough, people will start to believe you.
1: Your premise "CC company gives you back all of your money" [is demonstrably false]( That happens sometimes, but far from every time.
2: Good luck with your credit score since *every* CC purchase [exposes you to identity theft]( which the attackers will use not only to make purchases in your name but just open up brand new lines of credit against your identity, to boot. Sorry, now you can't buy a car, or get a home loan, hell we won't even let you *rent* from us your rep is so terrible. Have fun cleaning *that* mess and somehow re-securing your PII from further abuse!
3: Yeah, you can lose bitcoin if you store it in brainwallet password "hunter2" or entrust it to a full yield web wallet that founders, or store it on a single PC with no backups that catches fire.
Or, you can combine one god damned *milligram* of responsibility (secure password and backup strategy) with a hardware wallet like TREZOR, multisig third party wallet like greenaddress, air gapped cold wallet, or paper HD wallet. Maybe also practice some hygiene on your personal PC so that you are free from malware instead of swimming in oceans of it.
Or hell, if you lack the tech chops for anything more than a strong password and 2FA then put your funds on Circle which combines the theft insurance of a CC company or a bank with the "transactions do not bleed PII" of Bitcoin.
Or live in fear of libertarian nutjobbery and stick with your plastic, constantly asking your owners for permission to spend your own money and try not to worry to hard about it when they no longer offer you said permission. It's probably your fault somehow, anyway.
@_date: 2015-01-07 23:24:41
Can you transfer the balance to another coinbase user? That doesn't count as a withdraw. :)
@_date: 2015-01-15 06:28:34
I know nothing about the Korean written language, but...
없 sure looks a lot like "Oh Ya!" to me xD
@_date: 2015-01-09 22:00:49
They will investigate?
Evidence to go on: unidentifiable human being wearing a mask is visible on ATM security footage walking into frame from the left at 3:05am, entering card, using pin, withdrawing money and leaving frame to the left again. No other cameras in that remote vicinity to pick up where perp traveled beyond ATM camera's field of view. ATM is 150 miles away from any of the places that account holder frequents. Account holder's story is that they were asleep, alone in their home, during the time of the incident. Account holder worked 9-5 the day previous and the day of the incident, and claims that they discovered the error in their account balance the following evening when trying to purchase groceries.
No other evidence available, no witnesses to question aside from account holder's co-workers who confirm their presence at work on both days, and the cashier at the grocery store when the debit card was declined the following evening.
So you're going to arrest *who* of *whatnow*? Do you just assume that LEO has 100% conviction rate against theft in general or identity theft in particular or something? Because I *guarantee* your password is less likely to be compromised if you put even half an effort into keeping that secret than LEO is going to be able to track down what happened to stolen assets of any magnitude in almost *any* situation after the fact, let alone the one I just described.
But this scenario would be pretty easy for Account Holder to pull off with no evidence, just an uncomfortable lack of sleep, a lot of late night driving and tight schedule to pull off. Even easier if their junky brother needed money or something and AH just handed them the card and told them how to do it: brother gets free money and AH does almost nothing. Yes, people often get sloppy and make mistakes when trying to pull off a crime. But you know what? Anybody north of the Three Stooges could pull off what I just described because there are so few important mistakes for them to make.
You do not (or cannot legitimately) insure any asset against trivially perpetrated claimant fraud.
@_date: 2015-01-15 06:26:24
No, he is talking about the CC fees you pay against the Bitcoin exchange rate in order to *use* a CC at Circle etc to try to buy Bitcoin. You'll experience the same value loss when buying Gold or other non-amortizing items with plastic, as well.
Merchant can only eat your fees when they have a margin to dip into, after all.
@_date: 2015-01-21 23:52:58
But wait a second .. if the $300k/year option is not favored by the customers because they prefer the CC option where you get charged $300k/year in fees and the customers get paid a small portion of that in airline miles, then it won't be $300k/year anymore. It will dwindle closer to zero as the channel gets starved.
Then, your duty becomes to offer your customers discounts out of the potential $300k/y you would be saving in CC fees, to compete with those airline miles etc. That way *you* make the profit off of that slice of the pie, to a tune less than $300k/y but also more than zero, while the CC companies can bury their thumbs up their collective asses and the customers get cheaper prices, insulated from identity theft, and faster checkout online.
@_date: 2015-05-14 03:50:13
Not being part of the society means leaving the geographic area that this society owns, so no. After you move away I would no longer compel taxes out of you.
But while you sit here by the light of our fire you will contribute and you will align with our conflict resolution systems that allow said fire to burn and these people to sit next to it in harmony. You seem to think you can sit by the light of this fire, and magically not be warmed by it nor have your surroundings illuminated? I'm sorry, it's not my damned fault that you never learned the limitations of the laws of physics.
Besides, that area over there *is* already naturally cold and unilluminated (points over there). The only reason you dislike it is that you are spoiled by the benefits we steward *here*.
@_date: 2015-01-04 00:04:48
Well, just consider the multimillion dollar investments that mining hardware people are making to build mining datacenters. That $1mil/day represents a majority of the income they can expect to earn, so at the very least there is a lot of competition to actually *earn* that money, and just as much competition to re-spend as little of it as possible. :J
@_date: 2015-01-19 23:06:40


No.. with Bitcoin you would not transfer funds to them until after you were past accepting their offer. Bitcoin is push, Credit is pull.
Do you feel that if you were dealing in cash, that they would already have your cash in their hands prior to you trying to walk away?
@_date: 2015-01-31 18:13:57
@_date: 2015-01-06 01:33:36
In that case "thin client support" would mean full nodes like that can publish the complete lists to thin clients so that every device who has to resolve a name does not also have to be a full blockchain node.
EDIT: but [elsewhere in comments]( folks are making it clear that that wouldn't be enough, they want some level of security (eg, difficulty if not impossibility) against a full node to lying to a thin client, on par with SPV for Bitcoin or electrum's thin client protocol.
@_date: 2015-05-15 00:19:10
Huh. I can remember that I had at first given him an on the fence tag, and something about a month back lead me to upgrade it to "buttcoin troll". But today, skimming through I can not find a single thing in his history which appears troubling so I'll downgrade the tag again.
Gee, it would be nice if along with tags RES allowed a notes area where you could save citations and such. It would the effort of determining who is arguing in good faith and who is not a lot easier to manage. :3
@_date: 2015-05-07 22:01:00


1: The cost is set by miners. Larger maximum block limits do not force any miners to accept 19MB of spam if they didn't feel like it.
2: While I agree that ordinary node runners don't get the same say, they are not "volunteers". Their primary incentive is limited to personal participation in the network. So they have to balance storage/network costs with transaction fees, which they ultimately **will** have to pay. Why make one cheap just to make the other astronomically expensive? Anyone who cannot afford better than dialup network access cannot afford either more expensive tx fees or txn with no guarantee of ever settling, just to maintain that low network overhead indefinitely, either.


No others are bearing the cost. You participate in Bitcoin in order to use the currency. You either pay for electricity and hardware to notarize and get recompensed in stipends and transaction fees, or you pay to be a node and that node guarantees the veracity of your personal wallet, from which you have to pay tx fees to move value. 
@_date: 2015-01-31 18:11:28
Um.. If I am paying whatever the cost is to keep my coins and paper notes safe (and not counting that against the value of the notes), and the coins and paper notes have not "worn down" or "rotted", then why should their purchasing power?
Let me re-iterate: I can put almost any other commodity into a vault to protect it from harm, and when I bring it back out it's just about as useful as when I put it in. A bar of steel is still a bar of steel, a bolt of wool is still a bolt of wool. If I paid my own dues to prevent the materials from being stolen or moth-eaten or tarnished or dirty, then I should be able to reap the rewards of owning the same material I put in to begin with.
Inflationary currency resists it's claim to be a unit of account because today's money isn't worth what yesterday's money was, and what you put into a vault devalues regardless what fidelity you personally *work* to maintain it in. It's literally a contract that over time the other party never intends to fulfill.
A non-perishable ration would still feed a man for a day decades later, a suit of clothes would still protect him from the elements (fashion be damned), but a dollar will reduce to be worth less than the paper it was printed on: beyond which tipping point at least *the paper* will continue to maintain *its* value!
@_date: 2015-01-22 00:07:27


Which is clearly illegal and anti-competitive. VISA just lost $7 billion in a class action lawsuit because they contractually required their merchants to bury their fees in the costs to *all* customers, whether or not they incurred the fees by choosing credit cards.
If I waltz into a store with a green paper in my hand, then why do I have to pay more just to cover everybody else's credit card fees *and* buyer fraud? Especially since buyer fraud *makes* the CC companies more profit than legitimate transactions do, so of course they're never going to seriously combat or reduce it?!
@_date: 2015-01-13 08:13:38


Right, and upwards of 80% of internet users don't even know what "copy/paste" is. Steve Jobs tried to get away with the Apple Iphone not even supporting it because he believed that end users never needed to do that.
So, people who don't know any better will see "0.049362" and type in "0.49362" or "0.043962" and not realize that they have over or underpaid until it is too late. On underpay they may try to re-submit the difference, or they will forget the miner's fee, or their wallet app crashes just as they hit "send" so they think it didn't send and they try again, etc etc.
[BIP0070]( should help with this sort of BS significantly, though. :)
@_date: 2015-01-22 19:43:15
No, you need to take an economics class if you believe that credit card fraud is the primary foundation upon which the united states dollar controls it's supply.
But you don't believe that either, you're simply being outrageous on purpose trying to draw hylarious responses out of people for your own amusement.
This **is** which means that whoever is optimistic about this currency and this technology for their own reasons will congregate here and your "LOL Bitcoin is so dumb" attitude is out of place by definition. You will not have any better luck walking into and trying to ream people there for their imaginary friend or trying to tell that they need to take a business class and stop giving their product away for free.
@_date: 2015-01-09 22:54:03


Past performance is no indicator of future events. Today BTC-e makes more in commissions than it is worth to eat the deposits, tomorrow their deposits grow and their margins shrink against competition. Today whoever runs it is not being threatened to pay a $10mil lump sum ransom on a tight time frame, tomorrow his children get kidnapped. Or he just sells the enterprise or steps down or passes away and whoever takes the reigns would rather have less for himself right now than more spread out over time.
Otherwise, selling stereos offers a much shallower risk profile to the consumer than money transmission does. I pay $X for a stereo, worst case I'm out X or the stereo catches fire endangering my home (but my fire-response practices should be good enough to mitigate that risk) or the stereo is covered in poisoned rat feces or something. But compare that will millions of dollars held by a third party HFT that can vanish like smoke in the wind once anything bad happens. Hack, embezzlement, con, law enforcement catches up with them, the mob catches up with them, maybe they are already the mob in which case a different one steps in to interfere, etc etc.
@_date: 2015-01-03 23:43:52
.. so you left for a place dedicated to downvoting and flaming anything productive (with "the crazies" as a strictly ostensible goal) under the motivation that belittling other people to veil one's own fecal worship is comedy?
Next you'll tell me that sour notes from the left in "drove" you to @_date: 2015-01-10 09:00:42
Right, and if a thief steals my bike then I'll get it back *if he gets caught*. Which basically never happens.
Since you can't catch this thief either, and they can't gather any evidence strictly *exonerating* you they can dodge paying you without having to have enough evidence to convict you, either.
Now guess how many perfectly legitimate cases the same lack of intel covers?
But charging you $5/mo to secure an unspecified bank balance (hell, my renters insurance has tight limits and costs three times that), that they can accomplish evidence or no.
@_date: 2015-01-04 00:41:29
Looks at thread. I am too tired to do any research on people today, but let's be honest. The mark of a troll is lies, half-truths designed to convey or amplify lies, and insults. Have you done that in the past? Not relevant to this thread. Have you done it here? No. Have the morons crying out against you? They have.
I think your input was excellent and well written and cannot imagine a method it could be abused, so good on ya mate.
@_date: 2015-01-08 03:03:33


It is, just government debt to the federal reserve instead of personal debt to smaller banks.


Yes, the total amount of fiat currency owned by all parties in aggregate increases with each loan, since the value of the loan is created out of thin air. This also represents supply-side inflation: since "a dollar" gets less unique and rare every time more of it is created, each dollar you *hold* grows less valuable since there are now more places to get dollars from besides from you.


I don't see why. The only reason why it happens with Fiat is because Fiat represents a counter system controlled by a centralized organization who can and does selfishly profit from supply-manipulation. Bitcoin's supply cannot be manipulated, it is strictly controlled and prescribed by the mining algorithm.
As others have mentioned, when you borrow a dollar from a bank you have a brand new dollar that never existed before. You can withdraw that out of the bank, transfer it to a different bank, get a pretty green piece of paper that basically represents a small bearer's bond, and trade that to any bank who never even has to question it's pedigree outside of potential counterfeiting. If the world wants to withdraw 10x as many green bits of paper this year than last year, then the government will empty it's stockpiles of that document and print 10x as many for next year, just in case.
On the other hand, when you withdraw one BTC from a Bitcoin Institution, they have to get ahold of one unique Bitcoin (eg, 1e8 unforgeable satoshis) to transmit to you: probably out of their reserves. If they run full reserve this isn't so hard, because every BTC deposited sits there authentically waiting to be withdrawn again. But if they run fractional reserve then they risk a bank run whenever enough people decide to withdraw at once.
Here is another fascinating example to consider, though. The gold market *does* act a lot like fiat currency today because gold "ownership" is traded at fractional reserve far more frequently than anybody actually carts around and authenticates actual piles of gold bars.
Bitcoin is far more resistant to this fate because of how much easier it is to transport, store, and authenticate than gold. At the end of the day, it's basically no harder to accept a raw Bitcoin than it is to accept a bitcoin IOU, so money receivers will almost *never* accept the IOU (with it's risk of falling flat should the issuer welsh on their promise) in lieu of a complete Bitcoin whose value comes not from anybody's promise but from it's own transactional utility and rarity. :3
@_date: 2015-05-08 22:35:08


Whatever people use for the retail transactions, there exists zero realistic barriers to using that same (obviously incredibly cheap!!) channel for large transactions, too.
If Dogecoin only costs $0.01usd per txn then why would anybody ever burn $10usd to buy, $10usd to transfer, and then $10usd to sell again a bunch of Bitcoins? In *any* circumstance, *ever*?
Any variable you can tune to make transactions expensive is a huge neon sign directing everybody to switch to a different crypto that chose not to turn that knob. End of story.
@_date: 2015-05-19 01:16:07


More often than not a fixed percentage for Bitcoin exchanges. Be it via LBC in person or bank deposit, ATM, bit2me, circle, coinbase, etc.
Your $3 charge ATM is charging you 1% to withdraw money *you already own* with no national borders or currency exchanges involved even if you pull out $300usd.
What the hell is that about? Walk into a branch and waste a human being's time and it's free. Does an ATM cost more than bankteller daily wages just to maintain or something?
Nope, it's just the same old convenience gouge.
@_date: 2015-05-27 03:36:19
So.. you're wonderful news is literally that *Bitcoin* is not necessary because "anybody" like Paypal or Mastercard or Skrill can compete to move money for you, and it's all perfectly fair because "anybody" can move around fiat currency.
Or, I'm sorry, you are actually trying to say that anybody can move around Bitcoin, even though that would be rendered demonstrably false by allowing it to devolve into a blind-bid lottery with a 24 hour re-entrance penalty for failure to predict the future.
But like I said, the *reliable* and *predictable* cost of less than $5/mo (so, cheaper than Netflix) would guarantee me absolutely perfect control over my balance on a blockchain with $0.10 or less per tx fees and **TEN BILLION** transactions per day using today's technology. Now using "tomorrow's" technology? Eg, a time period where ten bil tx per day would actually happen? The cost drops right back down to "yeah, I'm just running my own node on my home internet connection" again.
But if you love blockchain congestion so much, just drop the other shoe and beg for a hard fork to a maximum of one tx per block and 1 block per day. I'll bet that would *really* kick start your fee economy, now wouldn't it? xD
@_date: 2014-01-05 08:24:43
The best way to describe alt coins is to compare them to the Linux kernel.
The Linux kernel solves an amazing problem in computer science to: it was the first serious technical option to run a completely free and open source operating system for PCs. It has amazing features, etc etc.
Altcoins frighten new users because they think "Why should I invest in Bitcoin infrastructure if it turns out to lose to the might of Cosbycoin? Which brand is really going to come out on top? Doesn't it represent inflation that anybody can launch their own blockchain?"
But the truth is that anyone can sit down and fork the Linux kernel in 5 minutes from their laptop too, and anyone thinking about investing in Linux but afraid of forks would lose out to people who really know how to evaluate the promise of OSS offerings.
You cannot outrun your OSS parent unless you can offer *dominantly* better features than the original. In this case, one would require features so good you can outright convince people with millions of USD invested in Bitcoin *to throw away their sunk costs* and jump ship to the new one.
Litecoin's faster confirms represent nothing but tweaking a feature the creator spent a lot of time balancing already, and strike me as [this kind of an improvement]( 
@_date: 2014-01-31 03:10:29


Right, but Using Coinbase you can accomplish the same thing to pay merchants who accept Bitcoin. No coldhotencryptedbackup required.
Buyer and seller both use Coinbase? Just as easy as buyer and seller both using Paypal.
Buyer uses Coinbase but seller doesn't? (maybe manual, maybe Bitpay, BIPS, maybe even some Filipino exchange that outputs fiat you've never heard of before), still basically as easy. Clicking a bitcoin: url. Also, nobody's paying ungodly 8% currency exchange rates.
Buyer doesn't use Coinbase? Well, each hosted or personal wallet has it's own usability pros and cons. But at least you have access to the same Bitcoin network. Paypal buyers can't buy things from Skrill or Square sellers at all.


I think what I'm tracking here is that you're comparing an end-user service to an industrial platform. Bitcoin does not require buyer protection because Bitcoin's goal is to offer counterparty-free value transfer while buyer protection *requires* a counterparty to judge the conflict. So of course the foundational protocol doesn't offer you that. Sellers just have to sign on with a middle-man entity like [BTCrow]( who does that job for you.. or actually expose their reputation to negative PR and class action lawsuits when they fail to serve customer refund requests.
@_date: 2015-01-28 03:16:54
Uh.. south. :B
@_date: 2015-01-07 23:15:17
It depends on what you mean by "secure my bitcoins". If you are the type to announce your password on twitter, or hand your phone with 2 factor to all of your friends who are hard up for meth, or if you want somebody to "secure your finances" against your own gambling binges, then neither Fiat institution nor Bitcoin institution will be able to be much help at any sort of low cost.
If you want an institution online to secure your money *and* you can be trusted to keep a password secret and either use 2 factor or keep your damn PC clean of malware, then Circle is basically as safe as a credit union. They are a US based institution with the same money transmission licences as a credit union and it's deposits are insured by Marsh Insurance in much the same fashion as a credit union's balances get insured by NCUA.
But Circle is free so what did you need to pay that $5/mo for, again?
Most of the rest of us are drawn to Bitcoin because we *want* the tools to secure our own finances by hand instead of relying on third parties and government promises. But for those who want some company to do it for them, knock yourself out.
@_date: 2014-12-20 01:20:09
Who said anything about adoption? Newegg saves several percentage points on transactions paid for in Bitcoin because of lower transaction fees and eliminated buyer fraud risk. Thus it is in their best interest to attract whatever shoppers are going to use this payment method.
While they might choose to do so via 1% discount on all purchases or something (sharing the savings), it would be spread too thin to generate any real attention. So, the smart money is on concentrating the incentives into deals on specific products and counting on shopping inertia to keep that revenue stream moving.
He *did* say something about gratuitous insults being the mark of a troll though, so I implore you not to fall into that rut. :(
EDIT: Oh, given that this deal lies on the heels of M$ *also* announcing commercial BTC support for digital goods, it may very well be the two companies teaming up to stack the discounts. You pay NewEgg BTC, they pay M$ BTC. Go, go wholesaler adoption! ;3
@_date: 2014-12-19 20:28:16


This is funny? I also hear people espousing the benefits of open source software who suggest that newbies get a linux distribution which installs precompiled binaries.
Curiously, people who do not personally vet the code and compile from source can still benefit from open source software because they are running the same software that *other* people can vet the code of and compile from source to validate the binaries. Contrast with closed source software where literally no people know what's in the stew that aren't on the payroll.
With Bitcoin, anybody *can* operate without a middleman. This also means that anybody can operate *as* a middleman while maintaining administrative freedom, so you have a marketplace of middlemen (don't like Coinbase? Try Bitpay or BIPS..) that compete in a truly level playing field.
Contrast with the Fiat system, where every Bank, credit union, and financial institution of any stripe has to be part of the same global administrative network that suffers from the conflict of interest that they profit more in the short term from fostering oligopoly and forcing customers into inefficient and expensive solutions than they do from competition *with themselves*.
@_date: 2014-08-04 04:21:28
That distinction may mean zilch to a casual user, however.
It's like trying to convince people to use your email service (and paying monthly for the priv) instead of Gmail because the latter trawls email content to target ads nobody ever really notices to begin with. Most people think "ads I never see" are preferable to $5/mo.
@_date: 2014-10-30 21:42:30
@_date: 2014-12-17 23:27:08


Which has neutral effect because they are first ostensibly *buying* that same bitcoin with the goods they offer you.
The real sell pressure which *might* be traced back to adoption is existing hodlers leaking their asset without replacing it.
@_date: 2015-01-05 21:39:52
Things my post literally never even closely mentions: banning, dissent, what I want.
How is fabricating character judgements "being fair"? Or is this just an example of "Haha if I piss all over you I'll bet you'll wish I would stop, wouldn't you loser" sort of approach?
We can *begin* to have the discussion of what separates "dissent" from simple harassment if you'd like, or whether or not any discussions should be pruned under any circumstances (which if you are against, then you belong in instead and good day to you), but so far I have only discussed the scaleability of models to organize things. I'm sorry if this has left you butt hurt.
@_date: 2015-01-08 23:25:05


Well yeah, *they* use it but my point was that resultingly the more they use it the more we (ordinary community folk) limit our exposure to them.. not because of any support of criminal activity but because they are honestly mishandling money. It's on par with how you would limit having to go to the army surplus store if they always messed up your change. Maybe you have to get this one product there, it isn't sold anywhere else? Fine, but I'm still spending the absolute bare minimum of my time and money there.
When you said "it's a thing, get used to it" before it sounded like what you meant was "we all have to honor taint, it's inexorable" which is what I tried to argue against. "Some people will honor taint, some of them obnoxiously big and not easily avoidable" I'll agree with, but I have strong faith that market forces can prevent them from putting a lot of pressure on that lever and that they will either ease off voluntarily or fade in importance as time wanes on. :3
And yeah, it's Oregon lols. Peace! :D
@_date: 2015-01-28 03:07:28
Just one more example of [the older generation looking down it's nose at the newer generation while simultaneously bleeding to death]( :P
@_date: 2015-05-22 02:17:29
He didn't order any pizza. :O
@_date: 2015-01-23 23:44:20


Not half as exhausting as forum stalking a topic you already hate and compulsively visiting every comment thread that forms only to smear your own feces all over the walls apparently due to being unaware of any other forms of entertainment.
@_date: 2014-07-30 21:07:13
They use Coinbase as their processor, so Coinbase very much does use a fresh address for every potential transaction.
@_date: 2015-01-14 09:38:10


I don't know much about how that script works, but what if the script itself was slightly more complex in order to enforce some "address invalidating" type of behavior? Something like an algo that can only get matched once, and the act of matching it the first time alters state somewhere such that it can't be matched any further times by future transactions?
I don't know where such state might live, and I doubt that the scripting language offers primitives to compare against past events in the blockchain. But it's at least worth exploring I think. :3
@_date: 2015-01-07 03:37:37
Since every part of your answer involved "not really running a full node and relying on SPV" I'm left not understanding the difference between using SPV to connect to a full node today and using SPV to connect to a full node when you're able to validate an apparently irrelevant side chain if you felt like it.
I'll bookmark the whitepaper, but I don't have a free moment for 30 dense pages of material to answer one inquiry right now. (Satoshi's whitepaper was 8 pages of mostly examples and illustrations, in contrast....)
@_date: 2015-01-31 17:17:08
I fail to see how this is in any way "cheaper" than a database solution that they already own and are using for a zillion other purposes, including payroll and tax accounting and backend to their websites and everything else under the sun.
Even if they didn't want to (and somehow haven't already) paid license fees for a Cadillac solution like Oracle, just launch PGSQL which is utterly free, ACID compliant, offers powerful replication and basically 90% of the benefits of Oracle at no cost at all. 
Blockchain cannot offer notes, corroboration, foreign keys, it does not support complex queries, it requires 100% of coin history to be present and hot, and cannot support storage compression or archival. Bitcoin core devs have not even perfected merkle trees, pruning, reverse bloom filters or mempool alignment yet so every transaction has to be broadcast as part of the mempool and then rebroadcast as part of a block. Transaction malleability is potentially an insoluable problem (depending on authentication conditions) preventing transactions from having a durable index until after they have committed to a block, and even then potentially lousing said indexes during any chain re-order which *would* still happen during any netsplit or partial outage in a banking network.
These are all inconveniences and yet-to-be-implemented features that we live with and gladly sacrifice for in order to get *un*trusted, *de*centralized currency to run anti-fragily across the globe. But just as a Parka and wicking socks and sleeping bags are brilliant solutions for a nomadic lifestyle in the cold, and worthless inside of a heated building, Blockchain is absolutely out of place in any environment where all nodes swear fealty to a single administrative core.
@_date: 2015-05-06 19:49:56


EG: don't just assume that strangers are skilled enough to CYA for you so that you don't have to do it yourself?
Wash your hands to protect yourself and to be polite to others. Do not fail to wash your hands under the presumption that everybody else has already washed their hands. I watched hygiene videos about this in fifth grade but I am gobsmacked how few people treat their computers or digital activities with this much self-respect. :(
@_date: 2014-01-27 23:06:09
Then that same assessment could be used against OP's argument too. Money laundering puts people at risk of the criminal activity aided, which in many cases involves violence and theft. Drug trafficking is knowingly funding criminal activity which often includes violence and theft. To be fair, paying taxes also funds violence and theft on larger scales still.
If anything, this just throws a lot of doubt over the applicability of something as broad as "may lead to harm". If anything, how about we put a big barrier between our actions and the actions of the next person? Drunk driving means that *you* have a high likelihood of causing harm due to forcing yourself into a state where you cannot safely operate the heavy machinery you are putting yourself at the helm of.
It's on par with putting a round in the cylinder of a gun and spinning the barrel, then pointing the gun at people and clicking. Instead of a guaranteed harm your own action leads to a high probability of very serious harm not modified by the actions of anyone else. Money Laundering and Drug Trafficking and Paying Taxes are on par with selling a McDonalds customer a cheeseburger, even though he says he's going to go pop a cap in somebody's ass after eating it. :P
@_date: 2015-01-10 00:43:02


No it's not, that is electronic access to a bank balance. When you swipe your card you ask the bank permission to transmit part of the balance they ostensibly hold on your behalf to the merchant, and cross your fingers that the bank deigns to allow this transaction and that they haven't screwed up your balance when you weren't looking.
What, you are trying to purchase Marijuana at a state-licenced dispensary? What, you are at an adult bookstore? I am sorry, our service agreement will not allow you to transmit money to those places. What, you are trying to purchase a copy of Minecraft from Minecraft.net? I'm sorry, but our flawed merchant records say that is a POS terminal for a computer store in Sweden, and since we know you could not have physically traveled that far since your last transaction we will now freeze your account under suspicion of fraud. (This last one is personal experience, Christmas 2013..)
I can give paper notes to the dispensory. I can give paper notes to the book store. I cannot push paper notes through the screen at Mojang, but if they accepted BTC then no third party *could* prevent us from transacting that money person to person and we wouldn't have to [rely on the competence of third parties](
@_date: 2015-01-21 23:39:27
Is it 1% fee for ACH transfer or 1% fee for conversion to/from BTC, though?
(I can't experiment to find out because my state where weed is legal has no USD wallet support yet. :P)
@_date: 2016-03-14 03:25:14
Well I just read another post of yours which suggested a lot of the "spam" on the blockchain was tumbling and anonymity activity. Neither does that use case sound like it's limited to low value payment txn, nor does it sound like a use case LN could easily help out with. Or at least not in any way less naive than "trade money with stranger, hope she doesn't log your addresses" or something equally reliant on a potential eavesdropping service provider.
@_date: 2015-05-15 00:43:58
I am offended that you view Bitcoin as such a weak entity that it could ever actually be defiled by how people who aren't you choose to use it.
@_date: 2014-10-09 21:14:05
OTOH 0.016% daily appears to be about 6% annually, which doesn't sound nearly as pirateat40 to me. :P
@_date: 2016-01-20 00:05:07


That isn't in counter to my point, that is actually just re-stating my point. xD
What I said was "you do not get to choose your miner, even if any one miner offered a different experience to another which they don't, but your *fee* gets to select an effective *delay to confirm* which in turn translates to an effective transactor experience (comparable to "nice hotel" vs "cockroach nest") which may degrade depending on how low of a fee you try to offer.
So on this point we're in agreement: lowballing a fee endangers you to get missed by miners who choose to set a minimum fee, whether or not the stock is either "infinite" or "always has vacancies".


Only in the "next five minutes" short term. As I've already put it, whether you are a hotel OR a miner, you have expenses to pay and drawing insufficient revenue for any reason will put you in the red and drive you out of business.
The miner may have near-zero stock overhead (only overhead being orphan rate) while the hotel has high overhead (maintaining and cleaning each room after each use) but a hotel marks up their bare costs by X% (maybe even 200, 300%?) and will virtually *never* let you in for 10% off, even when that's still far above cost and still a bunch of profit.
Why is that? Because hotel operators know better than to "reward underpaying customers". The costs of running the whole building are far higher than the combined maintenance costs of each room, that building has to be maintained, and even if there is a cheaper hotel down the street enough people will pay what you are worth to stay at your hotel for their own reasons (usually expedience, just like with Bitcoin txn) so that as long as you choose a minimum fee high enough to pay your bills *even when you have vacancies*, then you can stay in business.
@_date: 2015-05-22 19:24:25
Aww man, here is b_coin asking all of the wrong questions. 
1&gt; I've had debit cards for 25 years, and have lost just a little bit over $2,000 cumulatively to fraud via that channel (most of it in 1998 during the debacle at the Java One conference :P) that the bank (so far that's only been Wells Fargo, whom I no longer bank with) has refused to cover.
2&gt; Was with my wife when she got her Chase debit card in 2002. Followed by her Wells Fargo debit card in 2008. Followed again by her Selco debit card in 2011. Was with my son when he got his Selco debit card in 2013. Hell, I even got a brand new *credit* card this January for the first time since the bankruptcy.
Guess how much was said total about fraud liability in general, let alone "what is a chargeback" in particular? That's right, a great big giant goose egg! xD
But then again even if you *did* try to describe chargebacks to people, there is a big difference between "you are not liable for fraud" which translates in the average person's mind to "if spies infiltrate the bank and screw around with our computers then we won't blame you for it.." and the actual state of affairs which is "Just phone up the bank to reverse any transaction you'd like, and it will be kissing cousins to impossible for the merchant to do anything about it and we'll just take all the money from them and put it right back into your account for free. Yay money!"
@_date: 2016-03-14 23:25:06
Right, except the person I was just arguing against wrote [this]( where *he* first made the following claim:




Thus, the only viable multi-hop options are going to be "through a hub" which in turn is going to have the AMC/KYL (anti-money customer, know your laws) screws put to them so that every sender AND receiver have their ID and biometrics on file, just like Coinbase, Circle, et al do today.
Or if not, then even out in the wild west few people will trust YOU enough to pay on your behalf believing you will maintain your leg of the channel in a timely fashion instead of forcing them to wait for timeouts while their funds stay frozen unless they know who you are, and then LEO just has to follow that chain of LN hops who know who one another are to track any mix attempt.
@_date: 2015-01-22 00:19:08
So out of [$11.8 billion per annum]( lost to chargeback fraud in the US, whatever industry you're in just never happens to see any of it? Then I guess congratulations are in order. Either that or the problem is lumpy and stochastic and you just haven't come across any big lumps of fraud yet.
@_date: 2015-05-16 00:59:18
The kind of bug I would expect would go unnoticed would be of the "withdraw from somebody else's unspent output" variety.
Imagine an auth error that lets you put some magic incantation in in place of a valid signature, and all of the nodes and miners green light that as legit so now you have the unspent output. You might easily target some relatively tiny unspent txns that haven't moved for several years without the wallet owners (who only see the full wallet balances, if they haven't abandoned that address entirely) ever noticing.
@_date: 2015-01-07 04:04:25
1&gt; Make sure the correct answer can be canonicalized. For example, a number. Names and words would be hard because people would use different grammar, capitalization, punctuation, etc.
2&gt; sha-2 the answer
3&gt; xor your url into the sha-2
Publish that. People who get the right answer can sha-2 their guess and XOR to see if they get your url or garbage back instead. ;3
But then you'd get just as many people trying to brute-force the answer as honestly answer it. For example: you say "I'm thinking of a number from 1 to 100" they just automatedly try each one until a match. :P
@_date: 2015-05-19 01:09:42
His Sister for advise? Most likely free. An ordinary person via in person LBC or ATM to exchange BTC back or forth for USD or EUR? Every offer I've seen has been in the 4-8% range total, which easily beats 26% fees + another 2% exchange fudging.
@_date: 2015-05-13 01:43:38
In reply to "computer's don't have enough RAM", you reply "Not every calculation must be done on a computer". All I did was extrapolate on that a bit.
@_date: 2014-12-09 01:32:20


"They haven't been hacked and/or been caught embezzling *yet*" is not how security works. It only takes one show-stopping business crash to convert untold years of steady operation into dogshit and nobody knows jack about how the sausage is made at BTC-e. 
@_date: 2015-05-26 23:20:49
I'm sorry, but I am not seeing the economic incentive for any party (and acutely not any mining pool) to induce a hard fork on purpose. 
To be *very* specific, no discussion we have can prevent miners from colluding to create hard forks any merry time that they please, so there had *better* not be an incentive to do that! D:
As a miner: one gigahash mining against any one chain cannot be duplicated. You mine one chain at full power or both chains at split power, but you don't get to double your horsepower or anything. So? Whatever block you do find, whatever chain it's on had *better* be universally recognized or you're out all your revenue leading up to it!
As an off-chain account provider (ewallet, exchange, etc) I think it makes the most sense to either stick to what looks like the winning fork or potentially to shut down deposits and withdrawals until it's very clear which fork that is. Trying to appease both chains becomes too complex once anybody tries to spend money that they only own on one chain.
Why in the world would they "only allow withdraws to the chain with 'Greatest Work'"? What would that even mean? It sounds like you are saying they would try to shaft customers by withdrawing their money to the least useful chain so that they get to keep the customer money as a slush fund to spend on the chain most liable to win. But, tomfoolery like that would simply purchase them a world of support headaches and lawsuits.
If that *were* something they could somehow get away with, then why would they not already be issuing customer withdrawls onto the testnet or something equally useless today?
"Sorry, you didn't specify which blockchain you wanted your money on" is never going to fly. Account providers either publicly close to both chains while dust settles (As they were instructed to do in Mar 2013) or they publicly close to the losing chain. Or, if they *really* feel like it, they just start treating both chains like they are separate currencies and split every customer's account into two equal balances on each currency: start treating it like two alts. Anything less is just theft.
@_date: 2015-05-21 00:35:30
I love that you can see the string as the first diamond ring drops into the water.
Per option  "Are these tainted Bitcoins?!?" lols! x3
@_date: 2015-05-08 22:49:56
If you see me empty a bucket of $1,000usd worth of nickels into a porta-potty hole, does game theory guarantee that you will jump into the hole and root around in feces to retrieve them? 
It doesn't. Is it possible that somebody will? What can you tell about the character of somebody who would jump in after them: aside from this dubiously profitable decision, is he liable to outperform you in any other avenue of life? It's hard to land a job where you might earn *multiples* of $1,000usd every month when you smell like you've been rooting around in dumpsters for scraps, after all.
Rational financial actors turn away dust-denominations of free money every day. We see nickels on the sidewalk and view the distraction of stopping to pick them up as not worth the profit. Is it not rational that if you voraciously picked up every nickel and poked your fingers into the change hole of every vending machine that the maximal profit you could earn would be less than the damage to your reputation as people mock you as a cheapskate and make up names for you on the street?
When a pool operator creates his rules for what transactions to allow in a block, the maximum possible amount he has to turn away by saying "no txn less than the equivilent of Xcents usd" is Xcents USD times the number of transactions involved. Thus, if he turns away 300kb of transactions that average 1c USD per kb then he is sacrificing 3 whole dollars during that very rare block that he mines.
So, I pulled up the largest very recent block for comparison against that estimate. [Block  weighed 731kb, featured 1832 txn and earned 0.26157781 BTC (~$64.61) in fees alone.
People are obviously including fees already, and sacrificing up to 5% of your potential revenue to set a bar for what fees you do not find insulting is a perfectly rational business proposition both for pool operators and for pool participants. 
@_date: 2015-05-04 22:10:44
I guess the problem is that you are looking for *reasons* why rational people may or may not choose to save money. As author says, you should instead rely on *surveys* which apparently reveal that everybody is trying to waste money as inefficiently as they can, probably as a sport or potentially just to spite Bitcoin users.
Or perhaps article author believes in the sample bias that poor people don't get that way by voluntarily or successfully making rational choices which conserve their revenue. *shrug*
@_date: 2015-05-28 00:59:06
Well, first of all the context of 1MB blockchain congestion isn't a long run problem. If for unforseen reasons it does not or cannot be lifted, we will feel transaction loss on 30% or more of spend attempts within the year.
But, let's remove that context and say that specific obstacle gets resolved, and then by 201X Bitcoin raises to $10,000usd/BTC or ~$180bn usd market cap. **And** it gets there with &lt;$0.10usd tx fees. It's more popular all the time, people are buying coffees with it at Starbucks using their phones and remitting between Kenya and Nepal at several bnusd per year. Crazy new innovations keep building atop the blockchain, but for ease of argument no shocking changes to the protocol really occur. (because if they did, some alts would just adopt them anyway, so let's cancel out that potential wrinkle for simplicity's sake..)
First of all, Bitcoin's success would shine very favorably on the alts as well. Today, [Litecoin is apparently the most successful alt]( with a market cap of $72milusd and unit price ~$1.85. Let's give it a fraction of Bitcoin's 53x success and say Litecoin is up to $1bnusd market share and ~$18.20/unit. 
The next thing that happens in our story is that, for some macguffin of a reason, either Bitcoin's network or ecosystem changes so that tx fees shoot up to ~$1/tx. This happens for a reason that no end user has to rationally support, and no alts are affected. They mostly remain &lt;$0.10usd tx fees with no signs of changing.
Where does that leave us?
Suddenly, every single player who does not want that much transactional friction has the motivation to deal in an alt.. such as Litecoin. So who are those players? Anybody moving less money than would upset a $1bnusd market cap, that's who. Users begin buying and toying with it, sending some business to the merchants already on that network. New Merchants begin to accept it alongside the BTC they already accept, or just switch towards payment processors that handle multiple alts. 
But as this capital flight increases (eg, Bitcoin shedding it's network dominance) Litecoin (as primary beneficiary) only gains in popularity, merchant adoption and innovative new users and ported protocols as a direct consequence. This in turn makes it more valuable for new users to either switch to or to dual-home. And any time both you and a merchant are Litecoin ready, and you have LTC balance available to make a purchase.. be it for a $1usd purchase or for a $1,000,000usd value transfer it remains a minimum of $0.90usd cheaper for you to make that transaction using LTC. So why wouldn't you?
LTC officianados have always believed that faster confirmation times would be enough to draw users away from Bitcoin. But that's bunk, because you just gain higher orphan rates for your troubles and 99% of commerce functions fine on 0-conf which is just as instant for everybody. I do however believe that &gt;$0.10usd tx fees (especially $1usd or more, eg 10x what the market is liable to bear given functioning alternatives) *is* plenty to puncture the dam of crypto-currency market leadership.
So, I would just prefer that Bitcoin not travel down that road so that I don't have to spend time re-arranging all of my holdings. :J
@_date: 2015-05-26 23:30:46
Because there is profit to be had. All the better! :D
@_date: 2015-05-20 04:37:40
Alright, I'm imagining three companies who are the only approved miners.
How do they authenticate to prove they are an approved miner? Let me know if there is a better way, but the best thing that leaps to my mind would be using cryptographic keys to sign submitted blocks and rejecting submissions that fail that authentication check. And/or you can limit source IP of a submission and/or air-gap the entire network to dedicated communication lines.
So, case A: you have an authentication layer, and then you have a blockchain squirreled away behind that.
Now, let's compare this strategy with the standard, centralized HA database model. The three companies run multiple HA database nodes, probably Oracle though if you prefer elbow grease to licencing you can do the same with Postgres. They form a consortium to run the master nodes and each enterprise keeps one or more replicated instances up to date with that. No party can submit a write request to the master nodes without it being signed and authenticated, just like in case A with the blockchain.
So, case B: you have an authentication layer on top of HA database.
Functionally, the case B HA database model offers instant writes and instant settlements and requires nobody to submit PoW. It supports a million database features that blockchains were not designed to offer, a million financial report templates that have been used in centralized databases for aeons that blockchains have not had the time to acquire, a million trained specialists flooding the earth just looking for work who would be happy to maintain and troubleshoot the thing.
Case A requires you to *submit* PoW, but since no meaningful competition exists game theory dictates that all parties will nerf it and the difficulty will drop as close to zero as possible. Either they rely on the outer layer of authentication to make PoW (thus, really the entire blockchain) meaningless or else they at least *try* to waste resources on PoW but could never compete with the hashing power attackers may bring to bear if they ever *were* able to crack the authentication layer. Every BFL rig that goes offline due to losing the Bitcoin race is cheap as hell for attackers from around the planet to buy up and launch this kind of attack.
So blockchain brings no added security to the table beyond the authentication method you use to keep it closed, and it's eating soup with a fork so far as actual data management compared to decades old centralized solutions already used the world over.
@_date: 2015-05-27 01:11:30


Then please enlighten us. I see that virtually all miners had soft limits set to 256kbps back in the day, and it took software upgrades to remove that from most of them because the miners didn't even know how to change that variable in the code, and even today a ton of miners continue to impose soft limits below 1MB. How would removing the hard limit "rapidly" break anything when there do not yet exist even enough transactions to reliably hit the 1MB mark?
@_date: 2015-01-08 04:56:31
Regardless of how valuable the tokens grow or ebb to each villager, if the knight gives them ten and comes back asking for eleven they still don't exist.
In OP's example the knight did not hand them 10 tokens, see that one token is worth a carrot and then announce "I want 11 carrots worth of tokens on my return". He said "I want eleven *tokens* upon my return"!
@_date: 2014-10-30 21:52:55
The point is: describe how he is wrong.
IMV Bitcoin requires some killer apps to regain consumer interest. If there aren't any more innovative things you can do with Bitcoin today compared to 1 year ago, it's value isn't going to get anywhere until there is.
@_date: 2014-10-20 23:28:37
To be completely fair, I don't think that "hard" or "complex" is the appropriate way to describe advanced math, astrophysics, or Bitcoin. What we are looking for here is "counter-intuitive" which teaches us as much about the intuitions and thus the *conceptual expectations* of our audience as anything else.
I protest only because I understand Bitcoin (along with math, astrophysics, and tons of other analytic pursuits) several magnitudes better than I understand the conceptual expectations of almost any other human. :(
What this means is that even low IQ or in fact *completely illiterate* people *can* be trained to well understand all of the above concepts in the right environment, among the best environments we know to advocate this being gamification.
You can carefully build an environment within a person's mind where they *get* the gross mechanics of Bitcoin. Not network-layer bit patterns but "Why the byzantine general's problem is important, how Bitcoin is the first practical application solution to that, why Network Effects prevent alt-chains from being a serious threat to properly-functioning Bitcoin dominance while at the same time aid in protocol evolution, etc.
Such trained individuals would gain a sufficient instinct for infosec to carefully guard their wallet data, would understand that depositing money at a third party yields funds to them in an irretrievable way until/unless the third party *chooses* to remit the funds back into your control, that this all works otherwise quite a bit like everyday money, etc but even *they* would have a hard time "explaining" what they were trained to another person using clumsy English words. :P
@_date: 2016-03-14 05:08:26
It records the addresses of both parties in the channel on the blockchain, which cannot be intermediated from how the money got into those addresses *without* still more tumbling.
Whatever agency (government or not, good or evil) traces those transactions can see the only two parties involved the instant the channel opens and determine the exact amount transferred once the channel closes.
Lightning does nothing to stop that.
If you presume precisely the kind of mesh routing you were vocal in claiming was impossible to negotiate, things *might* get slightly trickier for investigators. But if you presume the centralized hub/spoke model we know it will all devolve into, then they will be legally required to follow the same AML/KYC/deputization process as every other money transmitter.
Meaning: every single person who wants privacy still has to churn the blockchain.
@_date: 2015-05-15 23:21:18


That should inform your other concerns as well, then. The fact that providing public goods as heretofore discussed to an entire geographic region is both cheaper and generally a dominant strategy in comparison to trying to tailor who benefits from the service down to the square foot is an *inanimate fact of nature* you do not get an opportunity to negotiate with.
If you take issue with the governments and societies who implement these measures, you might as well get angry at a person who fell from the sky of no choice of his own to land upon you or your posessions: it is not the person you have an issue with, it really is just gravity.


You are making an invalid comparison. Your initial concern was that "the only way to opt out is to leave the enriched geographic area". If a trespasser wandered onto your property and broke into your house, ate all your food, shot your cat and took infested diahrea dumps in your only fresh water supply and then refuses to leave screaming about "being extorted" to pay for the damage he's done to the land that you own, defend and enrich and/or the "unjust force" of trying to either expel him from the land or even just prevent further mayhem then what do *you* expect to tell the guy? 
But whatever, let me rephrase your question into the same wording I posed my initial statement in:


Mmm, can I perform simple Google searches.
[This is a blog post]( about a Tennessee county that began to use your "Spray for Pay" model. Tragically destructive and nonsensical results aside, prior to taking this path they performed a cost/benefit analysis and found that offering the service to everyone would only cost $0.13 per year per household in comparison to a la carte costing $113 per residential home, and more for commercial properties, even if every property in the county signed up.
That represents at minimum an 870-fold cost increase for this type of service to go a la carte. And why shouldn't it? Your house gets a lot more expensive to keep from burning down when you're not allowed to touch your neighbors bon-fire of a house in the process.
Or, alternately, the neighbor will never pay for your service if they know you will be forced to keep that house safe just to serve the subscribing neighbor and those operating costs would move to the musical-chair-losing dupes who are left to finance keeping their entire cul-de-sac safe.
Further utility is lost when you have to dispute billing errors prior to a professional approaching the structure to extract your endangered family.
Does this apply to National Defense? Cost of defense is directly related to the length and permeability of and installed infrastructure at the border you defend. Defending the border of a geographic area of a straightforward shape thus costs magnitudes less than defending an area with a constantly changing border of infinite, fractal length.
So long as any nation that wishes to conquer you merely has to purchase some cheap tracts of land near the center of your infrastructure, opt out of defense for that land and then move their military hardware and infantry onto that land to strike targets ten meters away with no warning, and your silly a la carte rules prevent interfering with them until projectiles are already in the air, I would call that *hella* expensive to succeed at protecting.
Same with roads: the utility to an area from a road with no toll that everybody has a share in financing is significantly higher than the utility from patched networks of similar roads that force you to engage in innumerate subscriptions just to clear your access down to the corner market, much less an impromptu or emergency road trip. Besides which, the ownership of intervening real estate between any population center and a given destination is a natural monopoly, meaning that purely capitalistic incentives favor wringing every cent out of every traveler that you can, due to the relative cost of finding *any* other exit from their property, let alone meandering 300 extra miles just to get to the corner store without hitting any road you already control.
And the same with healthcare. Even subscribing customers would suffer irretrievable losses if they could not be treated in an emergency until after authenticating proof of payment and/or resolving billing disputes. Even subscribing customers lives are put at risk when enough of the population refuses vaccination and deadly new virus strains evolve in the petri dish of their negligence to evade all existing treatment options.
Food water and housing have much weaker public externalities, but since they do have some I happen to favor systems where the public at least partially subsidizes them.
@_date: 2015-05-14 02:32:58
Example being retarded aside: have you even got a source for that?
[Tuberculosis has a vaccine]( yet [1.5 million people died from it in 2013]( Do "safe drivers" (however you're going to quantify that adjective) kill that many people per year? [My sources]( say that *absolutely all global traffic deaths* fall short of this figure annually.
Keep in mind TB is *only one of thousands* of diseases that kill people every day which we do have vaccines for. Whether by choice, circumstance, expense or limited supply the people who do not get these vaccines both face higher probabilities of succumbing **and continue to contribute to the pathology vector**.
@_date: 2016-03-01 01:13:43
Look, I'm sorry to break it to you this way, but you *have* to be a slimy altcoin-pumper because that is the only *possible* motivation anybody could ever have to fail to toe the Party line.
Remember this if you ever feel personal discomfort or see injustices happening: The only good is the good of the party, and every apparently unfortunate outcome is merely spam being blocked and criminal network usage getting it's come-uppance.
Don't question whether or not *you* can use the network, the people who matter and who can afford to toss C-bills as tx fees will always get into the next block and *they* are the only ones who really matter. In Two Short Weeks they will even invent Lightning Network and Sidechains which — if we cram our eyes shut hard enough and don't ask how — will solve every problem for ordinary people at any volume as well. hooray! :D
Now don't you feel better? I'd hate to see you getting banned for failing to share everyone else's perspective, so I'm just glad if I've been able to help at all.
@_date: 2014-03-03 17:53:28
What, that Warren has read the whitepaper? I don't think a very high percentage of comments on this sub have drawn from the unproven presumption that this one guy read that one document before.
@_date: 2014-01-06 02:10:06
I agree, that's why I resigned as a mod.
@_date: 2014-12-14 03:46:59
Then you've seriously misunderstood the concept of a social contract in contrast to a legal contract. That's okay, butters seem to be spending most of their time trying to browbeat other people when it's them who get the terms wrong.
I'm turning this into a new I-spy game, and I'm saving the links. Thanks!
@_date: 2016-01-12 19:54:46


But everybody knows that actual perfection is both realistically and even mathematically impossible for any payment system, trust system or even cryptographic system. Thus the only thing "perfect" **can** mean is hyperbolically far along the road to perfection.
**You** know very well that was my intent, so please stop trying to sink the argument into semantic pedantics and come back to topic.
From a payment perspective, what we have today are:
Type | speed (for merchant to release goods)| cost | convenience at POS | convenience online | Merchants accepting | ease of fraud
Credit Cards | instant | ~3.5% (seller) | very easy | PITA | 10^7 | very easy
Paypal/Skrill/etc | instant | 3-8% (buyer or seller) | N/A | fair | [10^4]( | very easy
International Wire | 3 days | $15-50/tx (buyer) | N/A | challenge | 10^3 | hard
Bitcoin 0-conf | instant | &lt;$0.10/tx (buyer) | challenge | fair | 10^3 | moderate
Bitcoin 1+ conf | ~10 minutes minimum | &lt;$0.10/tx (buyer) | waay too slow | usually too slow | 10^2 | very hard
Bitcoin 0-conf is *more secure* than Credit Cards so long as a majority of miners continue with first seen no replacement (or even FSF RBF), because the fraudster has to gamble that this *one* transaction will be mined by a full-RBF friendly miner and the failure rate hugely mitigates his incentive to try. Compare with Credit Cards or Paypal which boast fraud failure rates of 0% (eg: virtually 100% of fraud attempts succeed).
Today, Bitcoin 0-conf is insufficiently *convenient* to compete with Credit Cards or Paypal, let alone their networking effect because the end user literally doesn't care about security from buyer fraud and merchants will always prefer Bitcoin 0-conf's safer (which calculates as "cheaper to eat") model over the other two (as well as zero merchant-facing processing fees). 
Even if Bitcoin 0-conf security is neither absolute nor comparable to 1-conf, "better than the incumbent standard" is the only incentive merchants need in order to benefit from it. Trying to destroy a functional system today just to optimize for a variable **that is already superior to all applicable competition** instead of optimizing for variables like convenience and tx volume is either incredibly foolish.. or in the case of Peter Todd and his ilk who don't *care* about Bitcoin, only about pumping their own plans to build and profit from parasitic toll-booth gateways over the top of it that they will try to enforce as mandatory, it's a sign of terrible **greed**.


It *is* unreasonable when today's field-tested system that anybody can choose to use right away is *already* better in this dimension than the incumbent standard already used. If you're a the third world country where everybody is forced to sleep with no roof against inclement weather, and somebody is selling them tents, you do *NOT* go around trying to sabotage the tents, tearing them open with big rocks "just to prove the point that they are vulnerable to big rocks" and try to force everybody to continue being snowed upon for several more years until you can sell complete stick-built houses to them.


The only solution Peter is interested in (LN) *cannot* be built "now", and will *only* be available "later". All he is trying to advertise is that "Bitcoin should never be trusted as a payment network, you have to wait until I build something new on top of it and pay me whatever fees I demand to handle your payments at my centralized Blockstream hubs".
@_date: 2014-12-19 04:16:53
Maybe it's just me, but when I evaluate something to be crap I somehow resist the urge to wallow in it like a pig and surround myself with people I quite vocally despise.
But don't worry. One of these days I'm sure you'll find something in life more entertaining than hunting down people you hate to fling your poo at. Or something that pays better, I really don't care which. xD
@_date: 2014-02-11 23:09:26
What are you claiming that bitcoind (the Satoshi client) does improperly?
EDIT: Was pointed to [this discussion of the matter on Reddit](
@_date: 2014-08-28 23:06:48


*Buyers* don't give a fuck about security because they never see the cost. Up until Jab 2013 it was illegal for merchants to charge more for the Credit Card payment options that it has always cost them a ton more to actually use (and nobody profited from the inherent fraud but the card processors), but now they can and slowly they are. Buyers *do* care about products being cheaper, especially when the merchants can concentrate these savings into "30% off bitcoin purchases" sales every other month.
Bad security costs money, and all money comes from the buyers so bad security costs buyers money: full stop. We're presently just working out the correct language to signal this to buyers so that they make decisions to honor superior security leading to them saving more money when they shop instead of directly financing buyer fraud.
@_date: 2015-05-21 00:31:41
Or to greenaddress. Coinbase and Circle have had... regulatory chilling effects problems every bit as customer impacting as any of BCI's security troubles thus far.
@_date: 2015-05-14 03:13:23


That's nice. It also cannot be guaranteed.
All it can be is maximized and optimized, and explicitly choosing to violate it at strategic points happens to be the best recipe we know to maximize it globally.
Murderers do not consent to being arrested, or even resisted by their victims. Neither participants in a majority of fist-fights consent to being struck by the other party. We collectively choose to intervene in these and other cases to surgically and pre-emptively sacrifice the dignity of as few people as we can manage to in as mild of a fashion as we can arrange in order to best improve the odds of the public at large facing fewer heinous, nonconsensual situations.
Case in point: Forcing you to vaccinate is a lesser tragedy than your "choice" not to leading to forcing hundreds of other people to suffer from your preferred disease that you passed along and/or acted as a mutation vector for, evading the treatments we already have.
@_date: 2015-05-14 02:56:09


To be absolutely honest, I prefer rusted-nail point.
Shooting them does no good, so let the whackjobs watch one another contract tetanus instead.
Have you ever seen a man's muscles spasm until their face contorts, they can barely breath, their eyes bug out and they eventually crack their own spines? Can you even visualize the agony of your own muscles stretching every tendon in your body to the tearing point in oscillating waves along your frame?
This is but one of a thousand horrors that vaccines have abolished from the developed world. And it's one that's not communicable, so it would hopefully put some "fear of proven impossible autism or fictional mercury" into proper perspective for these people.
EDIT: Ah, seen elsewhere in this thread:


I do mean to clarify that I am categorizing "force compliance at gunpoint" as not only acceptable but probably far too charitable.
@_date: 2016-03-01 00:57:48


Let's check the bitcoin.sipa.be graph on this:
most recent difficulty adjustment was Feb 19, hardest dip (in the 1 day rolling average) was 80% of difficulty, which translates to .. at that moment .. an expectation of 12.5 minute average confirmation times (10 minute expected delay / 80% hashrate).
But people are not complaining about 12.5 minute *first confirmation times*, are they?
I dunno. Maybe we should teach all of our customer support departments to rail against any customer claiming that something isn't working and accuse these customers of "spreading FUD" instead of actually helping them use the product. Sure would be less effort than being productive.
@_date: 2015-05-22 02:06:00


The number of people I know who are even aware that there is such a thing as chargebacks is approximately the same number of people that are even aware there is such a thing as Bitcoin.
Which is a good thing probably, since these aren't the brightest people and once you describe that system to them many will just immediately attempt some sweet, sweet buyer fraud.
@_date: 2014-12-22 22:19:35
Probably somebody wanting to store sha1 password hashes in a database, or similar creepypasta. xD
@_date: 2014-12-22 14:36:05
No, you should drink Tea which has "intrinsic value", regardless of being made 99.9% out of the same ingredient.
@_date: 2014-01-01 00:37:11
Right. So in your view (because I personally haven't looked), what is the consensus on Bitcoin within empirical macro economic circles and through that lens what is your personal take?
I am not read up on that movement myself, so I'm also interested how you lot view deflationary currencies and commodities, of which Bitcoin is certainly one. :3
@_date: 2014-09-23 23:09:11
Yet human key presses and mouse movements offer more entropy *per second* than humans rolling and thereafter painstakingly documenting the results from dice rolls.
You must compare apples to apples. One key pressed may hold very little entropy, but I can press dozens or hundreds of keys in the time it takes you to roll one die and accurately enter it's result, even if you are trained to perform the latter quickly (1-2 seconds total). Your die roll (1d6) only offers about 2.6 bits of entropy. How much from a frantic keystroke? Maybe 0.1-0.2 bits? Well, I can certainly hammer out more than 26 keystrokes per second, and it takes a hell of a lot less concentration to do so than to record dice results.
Add in random mouse movements (how far did the mouse get, modulo N, *on each axis* for each mouse sample for distances greater than R where N is a relatively small integer?) since most people can swish a mouse with one hand and molest a keyboard with another, we've got a pretty reliable entropy machine outputting unpredictable bits at least faster than hand-entering dice rolls and with very little concentration on behalf of the operator. :3
@_date: 2015-05-21 00:46:42
I wouldn't call that a fair criticism, though. You can send any amount *of* this money *that you can have in your hands to begin with*.
The only trouble I can think of is that most people have a highly dysfunctional concept of money and literally believe that it is either little green rectangles of paper or electronic balances that represent debts denominated in numbers of green pieces of paper.
They don't realize that the electronic bank balances *are* the real USD variant of money (the green pieces of paper being merely tiny bearer's bonds), or that the value of that money continually evaporates over time, and they might know but scarcely consider that there are other ways to store and transfer value not pegged to that denomination.
But people who don't know about those things have no business trying to move greater than Bitcoin's market cap of value under any circumstances to begin with. xD
@_date: 2015-05-14 04:29:12
See, this guy's ascii should also be on a T-shirt.
I'd buy one. :D
^(Well, for.. $20usd or less at least xD)
@_date: 2015-05-26 19:52:04


By it's core nature, Bitcoin runs thousands of versions of the ledger. The rules simply confirm that all of the versions agree on events.
We need to change the rules to allow individual blocks to grow larger, so we need to run gavin's patch that once running will kick the new rules into effect only after a sufficient saturation of blocks are mined in a given time period signed by software obeying the new ruleset.
At that point, well more than 50% of miners would demonstrably have adopted the new software and any who continue to refuse the new rules would find themselves mining a dead copy of the chain, and trying to claim subsidy and fee rewards that a majority of people running bitcoin would refuse to view as legitimate.
Who would fail to upgrade (and remain relevant anyway) if they were no longer meaningfully able to transact with the majority of people and large Bitcoin services such as exchanges and merchant gateways?
Even if some people stubbornly stuck to their small-block version of the software and only traded with one another — and spent god knows how long trying to confirm blocks at the current difficulty until they could get it to drop — then their copy of the ledger would basically just become a curious altcoin. An altcoin every holder of BTC before the split magically gets a copy of their previous balance in, but an alt nonetheless.
@_date: 2015-01-10 00:46:47
I have tested this to download clips before. It worked fine, required zero personal information and zero concern about rebilling or identity theft. Hell to the yea!
@_date: 2015-05-20 22:24:08


Or, again, for people who do not wish to re-invent the wheel. You've got to ask yourself: "Is my core business being a merchant (shipper of boxes, purveyor of smut, etc) or is my core business penetration testing, digital counter-espionage and accounting minutia?"
Bitcoin is great because you *can* start from scratch and you *can* reinvent the wheel. Engineering is great for the same reason, anybody with the passion, materials, and experience can build their own V-block engine from scratch. But guess what? Most people need to buy a car from a dealer and only the few that know how are going to build their own automobile from the cast-iron up.
Expecting every person to do the latter is utterly ridiculous as well as a *stupendous* waste of effort.
@_date: 2015-05-22 01:50:09
I kind of miss BitVegas. What happened to that place? I try to connect one day and it's just gone. xD
@_date: 2015-05-24 10:55:32
In that case, ask them to put the money in (an internationally well reputed) *Escrow*, write up a solution (even if fake), and submit cryptographic proof to escrow that the solution is yours before submitting it to OKcoin.
OKcoin will take your idea, probably with no recognizeable changes whatsoever, and claim that a patsy gave it to them and ask Escrow to pay the patsy. But since you've already registered proof the idea was yours, the Escrow would get to pay you.
That is assuming they would even tie anything up to escrow to begin with. I would be flabbergasted if they had $20kusd of any kind of currency at their disposal for any single purpose at this point.
@_date: 2016-01-19 21:40:15


Would it really now? In my town, one hotel offers rooms for $350/night while a motel just a few streets down offers rooms for $35/night. The $350/night hotel basically *always* gets booked solid before the $35/night does.
**Since** $35 &lt; $350, **and since** the $35 motel never fills first, it can be proven that even were the $35 motel selling rooms at $0.01/night and even if it's stock were actually infinite, every person already choosing rooms at the $350 until it is full would stick with their choice.
But there are two differences between miners accepting your tx and fee, and hotels allowing you to stay given a fee that you offer. Difference one, *you don't get to pick a miner*.. but what you do get to pick is "what percentage of the mining power will accept your fee". Since whatever percentage does not accept your fee represents an exponentially raising tx confirmation delay, it is in all but the laziest transactor's best interests to offer a fee every sane miner will accept.
Two: while hotels/motels/inns may vary wildly in quality and reputation, the service offered to you by miner X assuming they are publishing a block with your tx in it right this second is absolutely homogenous. There can be no "cockroach miners" vs "luxury miners".
However, every X% of the mining power that chooses to set min tx fee to at least Ybits does relegate the *fate* of any tx offering less than Ybits to a form of cockroach-experience defined by exponentially increasing delay probabilities.
So, let me put it this way. As a miner, if average tx fee X given current global volumes Y is **too small** to keep me in business, then what is the economic incentive for me to accept fees of X or smaller? Because the **consequence** of accepting those fees is more than just "money I would not have otherwise had", and even more than the increased orphan risk to growing my block: the consequence also includes **materially rewarding a customer for underpaying me**.
Think of it as on par with people coming into my shop asking to buy waste out of my garbage for half it's ordinary price. That is money I would normally not receive, but I will shoe that bum out of my store or else he'll keep coming back, or might pressure or bribe my employees to throw away good merchandise, etc.
That is a form of "business" that has a negative impact on the health of my *business*. So it's filth-money I outright reject.
@_date: 2016-03-01 01:01:00


Interesting, then why are the posts carrying on about using the exact fee recommended by their BSCore wallets?
Is this one of those "hindsight is 20/20" things, where you're expected to correctly guess the tx volume spikes over the next few minutes or hours, or should everybody just toss $10usd fees on the fire "just to be sure"?
@_date: 2014-07-26 11:04:34


There are some good answers to this [elsewhere in the thread]( as well. :3
@_date: 2016-01-11 23:54:55


Because the hyperbolic term for something well beyond reasonable in the direction of perfection is simply "perfect". I had no other term handy for expecting a solution to be superior to examples the world has already decided are reasonable (eg: human drivers and credit cards).
Or expecting a solution to be superior to available solutions already *superior* to what the world deems reasonable: Contemporary self-driving cars and 0-conf.
@_date: 2016-01-11 21:13:18


It would only make it impossible if the *spender* used that channel. Nothing about the *merchant* having a channel with the gateway, by itself, would force the spender to also use a channel.
If we are talking about forcing the spender to use a **pre-funded** payment channel, you might as well talk about forcing them to keep a balance at the gateway: which *could* already be done today. The only difference is in whether the *gateway* could defraud the spender: there would be ZERO difference in spender's availability of funds (eg: tying up $X or more to make an $X purchase no less than 1-conf prior to attempting to make said purchase).
@_date: 2014-01-26 18:14:08
I've gotten as much as $900 out of an ATM in one transaction before, but I have been denied $1000 on another occasion. All evidence thus far leads me to believe that my maximum daily debit withdrawal is $1000.
@_date: 2016-01-11 21:25:31


More reasonable solution for what, for buyer fraud?
Google does not need to build a perfect self-driving car to outstrip ordinary human drivers, and Bitcoin does not need to build a perfect fast payment system just to outstrip Credit Cards. 
Peter is the only one here whinging about "perfect" security, and trying his best to purposely *sabotage* the security of 0-conf (using RBF) just because it's presently less than perfect.
Put simply: "Since fraud is not utterly impossible, let's magnify it instead".
@_date: 2015-05-29 19:42:31
Their business model is a lot less shady. Vendors sell gift cards to middlemen like Gyft or eGifter at a discount, because form the vendor's perspective it's a guaranteed pre-sale. The 3% offered to you is just them passing along a portion of that discount. That and the "nobody is paying huge CC fees in the middle" savings, which is why Bitcoin gets more points back than the other methods.
And in any event, if LEO were to come knocking at anybody's door they only have to say "I bought gift cards through Gyft" and the trail would end there since Gyft is not re-buying cards from any third parties. ;3
@_date: 2015-05-09 05:17:29


You are talking about two physically identical networks, one cheap to use and one expensive to use. If you had a lot of money to move why would you move it *off* of the cheap network, onto the expensive network and then *back* again when the cheap network *costs less* and could do the same in a single move?!
It's amazing to *me* how people just assume that everybody will compete against one another to see who can burn the most money when whoever didn't make the list of top X contributors this time period gets their funds frozen for up to 24 hours and then just sent back home as a reward? Do you want to be on the receiving end of that transaction, spending 24 hours just to see if the money will even get to your uniquely allocated receive address? It's hour 23 and... oh man, he just attempted a respend to the same address with a larger fee now, but it *still* wasn't enough.
That describes a network with negative utility.
@_date: 2015-05-29 02:01:48


Let's talk implementation, then. In the early nineties having an email account with Compuserve would get you tutted by anyone who instead signed up with Prodigy, who in turn would get noses turned up at them by users of AOL. This is before any of them interconnected or used SMTP, and before it was clear that SMTP or TCP/IP or even Arpanet would act as any kind of a backbone between them.
Politicians were bandying on about "The Information Superhighway" that everybody just assumed the government would build out like some kind of a road network, but each politician secretly just applied this label to whatever private boondoggle they were working on.
So skeptics in 1994 were not saying "do you think people will really communicate with one another electronically", they were saying "do you think people will really send their electronic messages *via* SMTP on Arpanet instead of using Compuserve or Prodigy?", just like today they will ask "Do you really think people will send money via Bitcoin instead of Square/Paypal/Venmo/Applepay?".
Bitcoin, like TCP/IP and the interconnected network of networks that that powers, has no central authority controlling every transaction while all of both of their initially more popular competitors did. I believe that is the dominant ingredient that will set it apart and lead to it's success over specific, centralized alternatives.
@_date: 2015-05-27 01:42:09
But there's not much to research. The potential loss from drawing a line in the sand and refusing tx below a standard is easily calculated and by definition limited. In contrast, the benefits of advertising the line you draw in the sand to users and seeing their behavior change either to make sure that miners are compensated in general or to prevent transaction delays in particular is potentially unlimited.. because they may offer higher fees than the line that you even drew.
This sounds like a discussion we may have had before, but any hotel that does nothing but low-ball the pricing of it's neighbors goes out of business while any hotel that sets a price well above it's costs (builds in a reasonable markup to meet opportunity costs) and demands that customers who want to pay less take a hike, even when the building is not full, are more likely to stay in business (all other things being equal).
If hotels can navigate past this nash equilibrium then there exists no reason that Miners will not figure out how to do the same.
@_date: 2015-05-08 23:25:32


The opposite of "adapt" is "die". This has nothing to do with Bitcoin and everything to do with the nature of surviving a malleable environment full of competition.
@_date: 2015-05-20 04:49:30
Has this been submitted to or (check with their mods whether personalities fit topic first) yet?
I recognize like 11 of those people. Holy damn. O_O
@_date: 2015-05-27 02:19:36
What kind of maturation do you have in mind, government regulation?
Because short of regulation, the business model of accepting money from people, doing business with them, and then after you have enough money entrusted to you all at the same time just keeping it for yourself and thumbing your nose at them while you fuck off to the bahamas is unspeakably lucrative.
That's not about to change *unless something changes the incentive pattern*, however users are still able to defend themselves and minimize the risk of being caught in such a web so long as they are holding Bitcoin in preference to wholly unsecured Bitcoin IOUs and minimizing the time window that they trust holding money at an exchange or a broker.
On the other hand, if you *do* expect mature regulation to lead to safe money policy then you have no need for Bitcoin at all. Bitcoin IOU's offer you exactly nothing that Fiat IOU's have not already been accomplishing for centuries.
The only innovation (thus far implemented) is the blockchain, and holding units upon it is the only method to control direct value via digital means instead of controlling a mere proxy with incentive to usurp your claim.
Everything else is the same debt made out of the same broken promises, no matter what currency that debt is denominated in.
@_date: 2014-03-03 19:15:38
Yeah, I predicted it just fine too. It's gone up constantly in value with any measuring tool less sensitive than 9 months, in a series of ebbs and flows where once it starts one run-up it has yet to ebb anywhere near as low the highest point of the previous flow.
The model Warren Buffet suggested was that Bitcoin holds no value aside from speculation, and were that true we would have crashed to zero after the first correction in 2011, just like every other *speculative* bubble before where output is dominated by input. Dot com's, beanie babies, tulips, etc flash and fizzle while Bitcoin surges, falls, then gets back up again until you [can't even discern past surges and drops from noise]( without a [log chart](
@_date: 2016-06-13 21:17:53


Yet you are defining spam no more succinctly than "any transactions other than my own that use my node's resources", especially given that the primary solution you are proposing is to circumscribe absolute global tx rate.


Right, [do you mind correcting the wiki]( which claims that they do, then? 
And while we're on the subject, do you believe there exist any obstacles standing in the way of anybody building what you would classify as an SPV client? Aside from popular lack of concern over your pet definition, of course.
Do you even desire that one should be built, or does that also go in the category of "Since it's not the solution I would use, nobody else should have one either"?
@_date: 2016-06-13 03:07:32
I don't have every electronic message addressed to every person on Earth in my inbox, though I do have a fair hunk of messages that people pay me to deliver to them them in the mailservers that I run.
I submit that your strategy is to run a full node, whose purpose is to mirror messages for everybody on Earth, but then to complain about virtually any message not being addressed to you costing you resources.
Thus, if you do not *wish* to mirror transactions that hold more meaning to other people than they do to you, *then simply run an SPV node and stop whinging about it*. That's what SPV was designed for.
Alternately, you can run a full node and charge people modest sums to SPV off of *you*, so that you *do* get remunerated for mirroring the transactions of others. Then, suddenly you'll have financial incentive stop trying to classify "Every transaction not addressed to you" as spam.
@_date: 2015-08-19 06:52:07
It's a fine reason to never use that piece of shit. Every time I tried to look at the thing since 2012, it was stuck on some older block and I had to PM theymos who balled me out for "expecting anything out of his garage project".
Since BCI is none-to-reliable either, the order of the day devolves to [insight.bitpay.com]( and this block in particular [can be seen here](
@_date: 2015-08-10 21:34:27
and [Pieter Wuille]( and Mike Hearn, and .. I don't know, *everyone not financially linked to Blockstream* like I had initially indicated?
Who have written article after article, BIP after BIP and an entire software branch to address scalability that is today being censored by your centralized media channels while your so-called ["majority"]( "There are allegedly dozens of you.") of the technical community have zero analysis to offer aside from the occasional ad hominem?
But that's okay Gibbs, I am hip to your discursive patterns by now so feel free to move the goalposts or change the subject. I already know you cannot be convinced, the only reason I correct you is for the sake of anyone who might be reading along.
@_date: 2015-08-03 22:24:09
Right, so "might" is better than "guaranteed".
If anything my affinity for this particular set of numbers lies in the length of the spacetime interval between the current position of my hodlings and their suggested locations in the future. Moving takes energy (suggesting an interval of great length), and moving in a short duration takes exponentially greater energy (longer intervals) compared to remaining in the same location, which maps to a spacetime interval of the shortest available length, and thus represents an action of the least necessary energy (and cost) to perform.
@_date: 2015-08-03 02:23:04
Only if you buy into a fictional false dichotomy.
Absolutely zero people are asking for Bitcoin to *not* be used to settle. The entire context of this argument is "payment + settle" or "discourage payment, settle only".
I don't think anybody is reading this title without that context in the back of their minds already.
@_date: 2015-08-10 06:05:14
Discussion of the bill isn't banned, attempts at actually voting upon it while some dick-all elitist minority are still against it are banned.
@_date: 2015-08-03 02:11:37


Why is it important for "ordinary people" — who cannot afford sufficient internet to stream pandora, let alone Netflix — to be the baseline hardware requirement to participate in a currency network that will cost international wire fees just to make single transactions?
I would much rather live in a world where owning and controlling Bitcoin, and thus spending it is relatively inexpensive even if the costs to gain 100% trustless validation of balances cannot be met by residents of cardboard boxes in alleys, so said impoverished people have to trust a single link to an otherwise unfettered person or organization with so much bandwidth that they can watch TV online.
As a sysadmin myself, having enough bandwidth to participate in every *other* popular internet service is no more unique than knowing how to fix the hardware when it breaks to begin with.. and 99% of users do not know how so they trust me, or the computer guy down the road, or their smart children, or *somebody* to tie up that loose end for them.
@_date: 2015-08-04 01:05:00
Bruce Schneier just wrote about this exact topic: [Backdoors Won't Solve Comey's Going Dark Problem](
@_date: 2015-08-19 10:37:24
8192 MB blocks would serve to eat approximately 10% of a 2014 Google Fiber user's connection. One certainly hopes that any miner or merchant can either afford a 1gbps connection an entire human generation from now, or can at least rent some SPV time off of some other people who can.
In fact, I just ran the numbers to tell what it would take to satisfy these 20+ year requirements at my job with today's hardware. I came up with ~$1,000/mo for virtually every dimension except for block storage space, so we would in such a future most likely require a way to summarize blockchain history. Aside from that, 1000 SPV users each paying me ~$3/mo to rent SPV service from me would be a pretty easy slam dunk, and still far superior to centralized banking or any sort of 3tx/second settlement network literally nobody would bother to pay exorbitant fees to participate on.
@_date: 2015-08-19 07:55:59


or put another way, a user base of 66 million measily users being able to access their funds a maximum of once per day on average?
To me, this sounds like a helluva prerequisite for the flagship digital cash solution by the year 2025, yes. 
Quite frankly, anything weaker than that (and possibly something precisely that weak) is just going to get pushed aside by a payment network that isn't so terrified to actually get used.
@_date: 2015-08-12 23:25:44
That's right: Bitcoin has been around for 6 years and it barely has 1 million active users. 
So what's going to be easier, hard forking today or hard forking when it has 250 million users only 20% of which speak English?
I won't try too hard to convince you. Your blockchain will either grow and adapt to fight another day or it will stagnate and die as an example for whichever alt gains the thrown after you of how not to behave.
@_date: 2015-08-12 00:03:53
I've read forward in your thread with let me see if I can cut in on the issue a bit quicker thanks to that background.
1&gt; as his last post stated, the amount of CPU (or GPU or ASIC) power it takes to get 1 billion hashes done to a 1MB document is not appreciably greater (it's only about 0.1% faster) than the amount of power it takes to get 1 billion hashes against a 1 terabyte document.
What happens is that the computer does 1 (double-)hash to the full document, first. This step is linearly faster with smaller documents, but any advantage here gets drowned out very quickly by the next step.
Next, the resulting hash which is always 256 bits no matter how big the first document was is concatenated to the Nonce, the result of which is (double-)hashed again. **This** is the step which is repeated billions of times and which takes a majority of available processing power. 
2&gt; Any work to make hashing "easier" for any one specific miner would equally arm both honest and dishonest miners.
The network relies on as much hashing power as possible being handled by different, competing organizations so that a minimum percentage of the global whole can band together in any one, single, potentially expensive effort to attempt a double-spend. The smaller a slice that tries this, the greater likelihood that they will fail and lose a catastrophic chunk of potential mining revenue trying (in contrast to mining honestly and keeping all of the legitimate proceeds of their efforts).
Anything that makes mining easier would have zero effect on this distribution, since that advantage would be consumed both by the good guys and by the bad guys, leaving us exactly where we started.
This also means that making mining *harder* fails to upset the balance, and explains why scrypt-mining efforts such as Litecoin and Doge are able to function. In fact, if mining can be made hard enough that only CPUs, not GPU or FPGA or ASIC can participate, then that *would* actually benefit decentralization by resisting mining economies of scale somewhat. Scrypt mining was initially intended to meet this need, unfortunately GPU and later ASIC designs met the challenge all the same.
3&gt; The primary concern with increasing blocksize is how fast the blockchain will be forced to grow. Since the present protocol requires every transaction to be stored there permanently in order for the complete pedigree of every address balance to be validated beyond any potential dispute via any specific network node, no amount of splitting up of blocks can prevent our desired transaction volume from translating directly into increased blockchain size.
@_date: 2015-08-03 01:45:32
1: If everybody else still hates Hitler, he would lose in a landslide. So why would my vote matter?
2: If enough people liked Hitler for some equally hypothetical reason that he had a chance to win, then again my vote would have zero impact unless it broke a tie.
@_date: 2015-08-05 00:19:20
Be advised, since this post Blockchain.info has hit everybody's shitlist and demonstrated that they cannot be trusted to track transactions.
I recommend using  as a well reputed alternative to track spends or parse blockchain data.
@_date: 2015-08-03 01:54:45


Naw, don't change it. This is hilarious. &lt;3
@_date: 2015-08-10 05:58:32
[Is it really now?](
@_date: 2015-08-11 02:05:51
Lol, I came very close to digressing on that point in the above explanation but chose not to in order to keep OP from being drowned in tangential matters. ;3
The Nonce is limited to 2^32 ≈ 4.3 billion unique values. Any modern ASIC with multiple gigahash capacity *is* guaranteed to run out of nonces with no new tx to combine pretty frequently.
The workaround is that somebody found a way to add nonce-like garbage into the original document header anyway. Logically speaking this does mean that the official nonce is redundant, however changing the official nonce and getting a new hash is far faster than re-hashing the entire source document so you'll still squeeze far more hash power out of exhausting that bad boy every time and all official mining software plays this way.
I'm just a little bit disappointed that the original spec never foresaw to set the nonce to 128bits or something. It's like IPv4 all over again. x3
@_date: 2015-08-10 06:12:57
Theymos — like many people including government actors — appear to think that "decentralized" means that "power cannot collect in any central location *except* for around me". :P
@_date: 2015-08-12 10:08:24


Let me guess, in person cash exchange using multi-sig escrow?
OP's friend's business model is "user pays processor Bitcoin, processor converts immediately to fiat and ACH to merchant's bank account". Please explain where in that flow the merchant has any "keys" involved.
If they wanted to involve keys (eg, they were keeping some of the bitcoin) then every major merchant processor can already kick the funds into the merchant's receiving BTC address at maximum once per 24 hours.
But fiat has no keys.
@_date: 2015-08-10 07:12:38


Aside from Theymos and Blockstream staff, have you got any citation on this claim?


Advocating running a piece of software that does not alter the rules it follows until after over *75%* (which is a hefty supermajority) of network participants have proven that they agree sounds quite a lot like voting to me.
But by your logic, any vote to change a law is a secession because whoever preferred the old laws can just pretend that those are still in effect and that the masses of police that try to enforce the new laws are simply an occupying or invading force.
@_date: 2015-08-10 21:11:41
1. Inertia and network effects. I'm sure everyone in the community is familiar with those already, aren't they?
2. On Reddit in particular, people who want to discuss "bitcoin" are going to visit the subreddit with precisely that name.
@_date: 2015-08-04 00:43:43
But the Windows 10 update is ~~mandatory~~ free! Who *could* say no? :D
^((What do you MEAN they can work out our endgame from the bits I deleted out of that .docx file?!)^)
@_date: 2015-08-19 06:55:43
Freudian melange between "dare I say it" and "there, I said it". :J
@_date: 2015-08-03 01:52:56
Damn, you're right. That must be why gold instantly dropped in value below sand in 1933 when FDR signed [Executive Order 6102](
Once it was only good for buying drugs (since nobody in the wide world can buy anything outlawed by US law besides drugs, har har)  and for the miniscule-by-volume demand in the electronics and jewelry sectors, I'll bet the stuff just got dropped into the ocean by the ton.
@_date: 2015-08-19 07:14:16
It's in the mod tools section below the sidebar for people who are a moderator of the sub. For example, I no longer am but is. ;3
@_date: 2015-08-03 06:33:54


And it's already just as capable of settling large amounts as it is purchasing coffee.
You either value the freedom from conflict of interest and oligopoly that cryptocurrency can provide you, or you go back to digital fiat, or coin, or barter, or whatever "has always worked" while people who actually give a damn try to strike the right balance in a system that solves these problems in a new way.


The only one you have championed so far is trying to allow the system to congest so that not only arbitrary but irrationally unpredictable fees and delays will chase all demand away from the pet network you do not wish to scale into whichever other network would be perfectly happy to scale instead.
You do realize that I've been through all of the same conversations in the early nineties when the Internet was scaling, right? There were engineers who were against allowing classless inter-domain routes into the global routing tables, because then *every edge router on the internet* has to hold a copy of routes to every single destination on the internet.. *in expensive CAM memory* and a lot of the installed routers just didn't have the CAM to handle the number of routes which were proliferating.
But we lifted the classful restriction, some routers failed, and the cost of hardware went up for anyone who still wanted to participate in this Interconnected network of networks. Every few years we hit a new boundary where some popular class of ancient routers won't be able to keep up, and suffer a bit of a shock as the world keeps outgrowing last year's pieces of shit. Most recently it was at the [half million route mark]( next we'll meet the million-route mark when every unattended Cisco 7200 edge router will croak.
But we keep growing, because if we had maintained classful routing and small route tables and stifled participation in '91 then you and I wouldn't even be having this pleasant little chat today, now would we?
@_date: 2015-08-04 23:43:36
Which people are those? Both the comic and the transgretion by BC.i has to do with failing to check signatures, neither has to do with encryption.
@_date: 2015-08-10 23:57:40
I think that explanation is a very good one, but if I were asking your question I can think of several points left unexplained I would probably still be after.
The "needle" being looked for is a hash result of combining the transactions you (the miner) want to notarize (nobody can force you to notarize any specific transactions, but any that have fees you can't get the fees unless you choose to include them!) with a random number called a Nonce, such that the entire hash works out to be an integer smaller than the present difficulty setting. This is a little bit like trying to limbo below a bar set by one of the winners who came before you. :J
So you ball up all of the transactions you are fond of into a document, and you add a random number Nonce onto that, and you hash it. Was the hash low enough? Darn, no it wasn't. Better try again. But since it's only been a microsecond since your first try, the transactions you want to endorse have not changed so the only thing you *can* change in order to try to get a new hash is the Nonce. And that's why there is a Nonce, to give you that degree of freedom to try a few billion permutations against an unchanging document and see if any of those resulting hashes win the lottery for you.
Now that difficulty is set *just* at the right place, that with every miner's computer in the world all working at the same time, it will take *about* ten minutes on average for **any** of them to find a single hash that wins the limbo.
Once found, you pass that block around to everybody as fast as you can. Every block not only notarizes transactions, but the previous block so you want to make sure whoever finds the next block is trying to notarize *your* block. They can't do that unless you've gotten yours out, but on the other hand if they do have your block (and your block is valid and clean as a whistle) then they *will* want to notarize it because everyone tries to make the chain as long as possible, so every valid piece is unspeakably valuable towards that end. Anyone missing a piece stands a chance of being left behind by the rest of the network and you don't get to keep your reward money (stipend + fees) if your block saying that you won those things gets orphaned by everybody else. :P
That is also the power that keeps the blocks honest. Any block that lies, or tries to notarize a transaction that was never properly signed, or creates inappropriate bitcoins out of thin air, or isn't endorsing the longest chain to come before it (by way of "doesn't end up being the longest chain once your block is mined") or adds into the document *any single thing* not allowed to be there.. or who *omits* any specific thing that is *required* to be there, will be shunned by the rest of the network.
So that tells what the hay is made of and what the needle is shaped like. So who decides how much hay, or when and how to adjust the size of the haystack? That happens as part of the rules mentioned above. every 2016 blocks (EG, approximately every 2 weeks) the next block MUST choose a new difficulty setting, and that difficulty setting MUST lie within a range mathematically prescribed by how long it took the last 2016 blocks to get mined. So one miner chooses the value and puts it in their block, and the value had *better* toe the line from everyone else's perspective or that whole block would be abandoned by the network.
And that's how the difficulty grows and shrinks to suit how much power is doing the mining work over time, so that blocks always average to 10 minutes. :D
@_date: 2015-08-12 02:20:34
Shakes head, I'm just an armchair observer with general coding experience (though C++ is nowhere near my favorite language ;3) who's been around the concepts to know most of them well enough to explain and to discuss.
The actual database format used to store and to index both raw blockchain data and the UTXO set are primarily unknown to me, though. :/
@_date: 2015-07-04 07:07:51


This almost sounds like.. *shudder!* miners have an incentive not to produce large blocks, so maybe we don't require some hard coded maximum blocksize limit to prevent every miner from including every last satoshi-fee tx after all! :O
@_date: 2015-08-12 00:49:03
The problems I've had with Bitpay come when anyone tries to make a purchase less than $20usd. They'll refuse to convert it and just leave it sitting in a balance instead, trying to force you to withdraw it as bitcoin.
For Bitcoin newbs who just need to see it's capacity to function as a payment front-end that dumps into their bank account (which was paypal's perfect inroad to begin with) this is just uselessly complicated and leaky plumbing not ready for production use.
Do you know if that's improved in the past few years?
@_date: 2015-08-12 23:37:08
Then it would be cheaper for Luke Jr to oust Sdice, Theymos to curtail concerns of a "contentious hardfork" *and* Blockstream to instantly implement their lightning ideas if they simply used their push control over the official Core client to get rid of PoW (and thus remove all control from the annoying majority who disagree with them — as long as enough people mindlessly upgrade and get sufficiently confused by claims to trademark) and read blocks directly out of a single (but potentially HA) centrally controlled, modified miner that signs X509 instead of hashing.
Not only cheaper, but quite lucrative since they could pocket 25BTC + fees (that they get to ratchet up to $10usd equivalent or whatever to jizz up their "settlement system" wet dreams) every ten minutes or so.
But just because something is cheaper and better doesn't mean that villains are going to realize or take advantage of it. After all, if they were actually wise they never would have turned to villainy to begin with.
@_date: 2015-07-22 22:49:20
Bitcoin is also good for nurses, nuns, school teachers, cheerleaders and traffic cops! :D
@_date: 2015-07-20 00:51:53


You do, since the general population in Redpill won't even understand what Bitcoin is to begin with, so they won't even know to show up here to whinge at how evil it is that women are being flirty with people in public (look ma, no burqa!) instead of being leashed up in somebody's kitchen.
Or accuse them of not even being real and just price pumping (only Buttcoiners have enough free time for false flag, and when they do it's only lulz pumping! har har) or accuse them of playing dumb, when the link you click when you receive a changetip starts talking about Monikers right out of the gate.
But it's alright. Morons create fresh accounts to do the things that only Buttcoiners do, so other Buttcoiners get Butthurt at the comparison. Everybody has a good laugh at how pathetic it must be to spend all of your time obsessed with people whom you in turn claim are pathetic, and the circle of jerks continues.
@_date: 2015-08-03 22:21:10
But miners primarily do not mine simply to maintain the peace, they mine for profit.
If you could pay voters to vote, maybe then you would get some turnout but you'd also get some really bad problems that taken together still destroy the entire ecosystem.
1: voting fraud would skyrocket, and we can't even figure out how to count a chad as it stands.
2: Even if  had some perfect solution, you'd get a huge number of people voting garbage just because that's the translation for how poorly they care about the system, or voting "whatever is the first option" to extract the greatest profit out of the least effort
3: Even if you could somehow solve both fraud AND shallow attention deficit, you are still left with both deep attention deficit and representation fraud.
For every detailed bill (municipal, etc) you put in front of the voter you require a hundred hours of research drawn against 100x100 hours of expertise in the field just to *accurately interpret* what is being voted upon well enough to be able to render an educated and informed judgment, and for every representative you get to vote on they are behind the scenes controlled by the same unelected dynasties.
So even in your convoluted case of Hitler vs Some not-Hitler-guy, my stoic decision to vote "not hitler!" fails to effect anybody else's vote.
In Game Theory parlance, representative voting is a natural attractive basin to [Morton's Fork]( 
@_date: 2015-08-12 00:08:01
So a little bit like how Mark Zuckerberg does a great job of supporting diaspora by calling his own users idiots for trusting him with their PII?
The effect fails to be practically bourne out though, because those same users will simply grow somewhat angry (and somewhat less angry than would be rational) and vow to say really nasty things about Mark to everybody else they know on Facebook.
@_date: 2015-07-07 20:28:39


Do you mean hashing the entire transaction together with another value? Or just performing duplicate hash work that a cache could resolve?
If the former, then would any prefix-friendly hashing strategies work, such as single SHA-256 starting with the transaction, store the stem result, and keep re-adding suffixes to that for each input?
@_date: 2015-07-01 01:43:48
0-conf does not have to be cryptographically secure in order to be valuable for commerce, it only has to be good enough to make fraud sufficiently difficult or expensive to attempt. For example: more challenging to commit buyer-fraud than the existing fiat solutions that the world already embraces with open arms.
@_date: 2015-07-07 05:01:57
Well, to be fair, this scenario is being viewed in two different ways by two different parties.
Small blocksize people: See? These miners can't even handle the 1MB blocks we're already using!
Large blocksize people: See? These miners would rely on header-only optimizations regardless of *what* the maximum blocksize is!
@_date: 2015-08-19 06:58:55


Now this assemblage of words needs to be on a T-shirt. :P
@_date: 2015-08-03 02:18:49


@_date: 2015-08-11 23:48:25
Meh, one of those "if it ain't broke don't fix it" issues. Any change along this lines has plenty of surface area for potential bugs and problems, all code in the future would have to be able to decode both short and the new long nonces forever, etc.
Plus allowing miners to squeeze one more millionth of a percent more hashes per second has no global benefit due to the fact that it would enable both attackers and defenders equally.
@_date: 2015-08-03 02:25:50
How about "the successor is Bitcoin". What's the value to killing your own baby, anyway?
@_date: 2015-07-20 01:52:04
Pointing out strawmen is a silly game?
I'd argue that either constructing them in the first place or defending those who do is the silly game.
@_date: 2015-07-15 22:39:10


Even this technicality is untrue as advertised, truth favoring LTC slightly.
There exists a fixed security utility (and a strong one, at that) to one atomic confirmation that remains invariant to the speed or hash power behind it. EG: X confirmations that came twice as fast due to half the required hashpower to find them may be weaker than X slow confirmations, but X\*2 winds up *much stronger* than the X slow confirmations that take the same average amount of time to get.
Now I don't have the math on me right now (mobile!) but the difference has to do with the probabilities for a rogue segment of the mining network to catch up with an honest majority getting hamstrung by each atomic confirmation, and not lining up with the simple volume of hash power represented by the total confirmations in a chain.
That's not enough to say that faster confirmations are always better, though. LTC also suffers quite miserably to increased probability of orphaned blocks and longer orphaned chains due to it's faster confirmation times, which does a number on mining risk and variance.
Aside from this, keeping the same max block size and doubling confirmation frequency doesn't make a miner's job one lick easier than simply doubling the block size would.
@_date: 2015-07-20 01:57:21
It sounds to me as though utility and notoriety have combined to drive people to learn how to use this system, and you are quoting somebody overjoyed to have somebody to teach.
But that does not refute "It's really not that hard to use". I mean, it's not really hard to drive a car either yet driving instruction is a multi-million dollar industry.
In fact, for every thing out there that's not really hard to do, there exist classes to teach those who still don't know how. Is Reddit hard to post on? Is Minecraft hard to play?
Do you know how to grow tomatoes?
@_date: 2015-08-06 06:37:55
No, Bitcoin uses the ECDSA *signature* algorithm. It isn't capable of encryption, only of signing.
The verifying party must have *both* the plaintext and the cyphertext handy, and then use the public key to confirm that the one is a signature of the other. 
@_date: 2015-07-13 20:33:30
Just looking it over, I'm not seeing it as much of a household/residential solution. Items tend to be $50-$150 and they give you such a large volume of perishable food that you'd better cook that crap and feed it to 100 people in less than a week or two when it would finally spoil. :P
Or I guess if you have a walk-in freezer you could store things there which you won't eat right away. But you'd also basically have every tool you need to open your own public bistro.
@_date: 2015-08-10 06:09:26
Well, firstly it can't function without another fork to change the protocol so by Theymos' logic, any bitcoin blockchain capable of interoperating with it would by definition be an alt. 
You know, since it's not identical to today's Bitcoin. Or perhaps the razor he's using is it's not identical to the rules he personally wants Bitcoin to follow, even if 75% of network participants disagree.
@_date: 2015-07-01 22:18:30
They cannot force rational cooperation however, thanks to Bitcoin being open source. Even if the original network does get completely ruined by bad actors, then it is easy for interest to re-focus on the next best altcoin solution and carry on, avoiding that particular evolutionary error.
@_date: 2015-07-20 01:37:38
Sure, they can be, but they can also be focusing on their core business models instead of either running risky financial ventures they weren't trained to understand or paying the dues to an accountant who can do so on their behalf.
Once you're big enough, or if you're already a money-nerd, then yeah there's a lot of gain to be had here to make up for the time x skill or accounting fees. 
But in the meantime, my primary concern is that no merchant is on the hook to be *responsible* for helping any community hold an asset. :3
@_date: 2015-07-20 01:05:30
Oh no! I so got tricked into giving money to wily women in exchange for completely worthless entertainment! I feel so ashamed and used and.. well, entertained actually. I had so much meaningless fun, what would my parents think of me?
What, they logged on too and they fancy Jenna? Ah, okay. Crisis averted then, it just turns out that this was a fun way to let a large number of interested parties know about a consensual business opportunity where everybody wins. Whew! You almost tricked me into thinking I was somehow being exploited! xD
@_date: 2015-07-29 22:55:05
I have no idea what all of the forward slashes you have there are for. Is that the directory you hide all of your porn in, or something? :P
In any event, even a handful of monkeys at the wheel have a slightly improved chance of steering to avoid a collision once they see the monkeys in front of them fail and collide. "See that nasty explosive mess? Let's go **elsewhere**!"
@_date: 2015-07-30 00:21:48
So? Let them. As long as they don't arrive at the same destination they won't fall to the precise same fate. Perhaps they fall to a different fate, and then the third set of monkeys will have two clear pitfalls to avoid.
@_date: 2015-08-19 06:55:04
Please observe [the following sticky up right now](
Also [even this post]( apparently got it's poster b&amp;. 
@_date: 2015-07-01 19:18:01
Umm.. what the hell kind of moral quality are you trying to infer into network activity patterns today, Luke?
1&gt; I'm pretty sure that double spending is fraudulent by it's very nature. You promise to pay, and then welsh upon that promise. There exists no innocent variant of this.
2&gt; Full network RBF support just means that your supposed "innocent" clawback gets into a fee-chicken-fight with the real recipient's wallet until the miner winds up getting a majority of the funds as fees. How is that helpful to anyone aside from lining miner pockets?
The only "innocent" way to get your money back is to ask for it to be refunded like a god damned adult instead of praying to some third party to intervene and take somebody else's toy away because you grew jealous.
@_date: 2015-07-01 21:35:50
Pshhh, GR still warps that into much more fun topologies. ;3
Maybe if somebody gets him scared of the obesity epidemic in his country he'll start banning the Higgs field.
@_date: 2015-07-13 19:31:55
1&gt; Because this money system is 100% available to all parties who perform the minimum computations and data connectivity necessary to trade^1, there exists no otherwise unavoidable vertical monopolies where you have to agree to the loan terms spelled out by the same administrative entities who print out fresh money: where they sell you an asset stolen from the purchasing power of everyone collectively while privately raking in the interest proceeds from the sale.
2&gt; Because this money system offers no method for *any* party to obtain money without first sacrificing value to get it, large oligopolies cannot perpetrate fractional reserve banking or naked short selling without simultaneously facing the bald risks of a run. When you put your deposit into an institution, they had damned well better keep that deposit safe for you as requested and cannot just print fresh money in a pinch to yank purchasing power out of other people's hands just to satisfy your deposit.
^1 and no, running a full node is not actually required to safely participate, just forming any single trust relationship with one single other party who does run a full node — in contrast to being required to trust a global oligopoly by definition aligned against your personal sovereignty, as in the incumbent system. :P
@_date: 2015-07-20 00:59:19
The advise is never going to change or go away: "Do not invest more money than you can afford to lose". So to whatever extent your primary income is earned via Bitcoin, do not be ashamed to convert to fiat either what you need to pay the bills today or what you will need to pay the bills tomorrow. Do not even be ashamed to sell every last satoshi if that's what makes the most business sense, we all benefit from your *participation* far more than from how much you hold invested in this instrument.
But if holding sounds like a way you are interested to participate, I recommend finding (or perhaps persuading) as many ways to re-spend the bitcoin you receive. Wholesalers, entertainers, hosting services, do what you can to transform the bills you *do* have to pay into bills that can be paid *with* bitcoin.
Because as a holder or an investor, you along with us are going to benefit from there existing more places to spend and trade bitcoin, and more closed financial loops where *nobody* has to ground to fiat, than we are going to benefit from more people speculating about what the price will do tomorrow. :3
@_date: 2015-08-12 00:52:26
This issue doesn't have to do with lost or frozen funds, only with suddenly refusing to do further business.
And you cannot control your own keys for fiat conversion.
@_date: 2015-07-29 23:27:19


His motivation would be to **directly** reap the benefits sewn by running a full node: absolutely perfect and absolutely trustless knowledge of the ledger.
Every person who expends this effort gets this benefit.
No people gain this entire benefit without expending this effort. You can pay a third party to access their full node via SPV, which represents commoditizing hearsay access to this benefit, but that breaks down to trusting a third party whom you pay.. but whom you know needs not in turn trust any other financial parties to offer you that service, so it's still leagues better than the incumbent financial system.
As long as your node connects to exactly **ONE** honest node, then no matter how many potentially dishonest nodes you connect to you are utterly safe from sybil attack.
As a result, access to an honest node is the only thing you need to participate in the network. The number of other people who choose to run a node means absolutely dick to you (in fact, larger numbers of nodes would introduce P2P scaleability problems of their own..) so long as you can somehow guarantee out of band that a minimum of one of your peers is honest.
Everyone who bitches about "fewer nodes" leading to lack of decentralization might as well be bitching that fewer remote controls proves there is less variety of content to watch on television. The factors don't correlate and we started out with inconveniently too many to begin with, but now the userbase is enjoying alternative options to participate. :P
@_date: 2015-07-01 01:33:55
.. which can only increase with increased usage. EG: storage costs scale linearly with transaction fee revenue while bandwidth costs scale to the derivative.
@_date: 2015-07-01 22:27:55


Netflix offers HD streaming, and it's customers download 2 HD movies in precisely the time it takes to *watch* 2 HD movies. I would call that "not a big deal", myself.
If you want to stick to the 100GB measurement instead of the movie measurement, then a 25mbps account (that's the FCC's new lower bound for the term "Broadband", don'tcha know) can download that in about eleven hours today. Very doable but not very forgettable, I'll agree. Hell that's almost triple the time it would take to watch the content! :P
But then again you also mis-quote Satoshi by tacking any time period onto his claim at all: he never mentioned 2015 nor any specific number of years in the future.
@_date: 2015-07-20 00:28:17


They warn against this specifically for the needs of a primary geographical currency. EG: if you as a nation decree that currency X will be the dominant currency, and your geographic region adheres tightly to it's use, then that nation may suffer if that currency spends a long time deflating. 
On the other hand, if many many currencies are available for anyone to use across the globe, then no one currency hurts *itself* as a result of deflation.
Instead, the combination of desirable qualities (such as the censorship resistance, counterfeit resistance, easy authentication and even naked-short-sale resistance *and* instant, global transmittability of a cryptocurrency combined with the brand recognition and unmatched adoption of the most popular breed: Bitcoin) with their prescribed scarcity (both expensive and functionally convenient to get today, will most likely be even more expensive and even more functionally convenient to either get or to resell at some point in the future) should do a pretty amazing job of backing the value of such an electronic token.
@_date: 2015-07-05 05:36:36


Would that be something that shady miners could share to one another at virtually no cost every time they find a block? Or, that any single shady, well connected, high speed node could rebroadcast to shady miners every time it spies a block on the network through it's single, gargantuan uplink? :&gt;
@_date: 2015-07-05 05:38:07
Let's call it v3.suck :P
@_date: 2015-07-01 22:07:09
Yep, which is why double-spends as a percentage of all 0-conf txn is so much lower than credit card fraud by percentage.
Aside from which, double spends can never be conflated with identity theft: they are outright fraud evidence which becomes easily seen public record within minutes of the perp leaving your establishment (eg, necessarily prior to the next block being found. Hard to do in 10 minutes, harder still for alts with faster confirm times!).
Somebody defrauds you by telling their bank their card was stolen? Well, you know where they live and all.. but can you prove that their card *wasn't* stolen, and that the true perp wasn't some *other* anonymous actor, perhaps even with an easily forged ID?
CC fraud is not hard at all to pull off. It's on par with seeing a bike that's not locked up and just riding off on it while the owner is not present. :P
@_date: 2015-07-20 19:28:35
Somehow I think we're not on the same page, though.


What "bank" do you mean in this sentence?
The only institution in my example that you are doing business with (call them a bank or an escrow or whatever) has only one key. 
You, the user, have one key stored on your PC and one on paper for emergency use only (when/if the institution malfunctions or stops cooperating).
So, when you want to do ordinary business, you use client software on your PC to sign the desired transaction with your hot key, send the signed TX to them who do due diligence (2 factor auth, fraud detection, etc) prior to signing it with their single key as well.
Also, what is this Cartesian product I keep hearing about? There exists no known practical mathematical attack (short of quantum crypto, at least) to either learn or to forge another user's Bitcoin ECDSA secret key, be it for 1-key addresses or M-of-N. The latter is literally just a smart contract that is programatically satisfied when no fewer than M out of a possible N signatures are present. :o
@_date: 2015-07-22 00:41:08
Yet unlike naked short selling of Gold, the MtGox reserves got run.
You can't run on gold because it's too difficult and expensive for anybody to easily relocate or keep secure so it's *always* in their personal best interest to at least *pretend* the vault it's in now still has it instead of checking to make sure.
Put simply: why visit the vault and demand *your* gold which might not even be there, and would be expensive to handle when you can instead *trade* your gold certificates that you begin to doubt at 100 points on the ounce for somebody else's gold certificates at some more subjectively trustworthy vault and then skip along on your merry way?
@_date: 2015-07-04 08:00:45
Well, to be fair I never rendered his likeness onto toilet paper or anything, so.. x3
@_date: 2015-07-02 19:33:51
Yeah.. don't pay attention to that spottedmarley character, he's being a jerk today for some reason. ;3
The fact of the matter is, you *know* Bitcoin at least appears to function, you're just trying to wrap your mind around how and why and trying to confirm if it isn't all smoke and mirrors or doesn't just hide all the wrinkles somewhere like a [martingale betting strategy]( would: looking sound and reliable until a long enough string of unlucky flips come up.
Nope, I can assure you that Bitcoin is the real deal insofar as having no significant wrinkles to hide. Also, your questions are valuable to our sub whether Marley thinks so or not, because it helps to educate *us* what flavors of misconception are liable to settle in the minds of the public that we can be prepared for in conversation. :3
I'm going to offer my own actual explanation at the root of this thread though, for easier access to whomever else may share your interest and read through paying attention only to the top posts.
@_date: 2015-07-20 21:05:41
They were asking about disseminating the *blockchain* via radio, so I described mechanically how simple it would be.
Individual transactions and even block re-send requests can be handled over LTE easily enough, but running a full node would eat a majority of anybody's thimble-sized cell plan data caps.
@_date: 2015-07-04 06:50:50
Well sure they can, just mine against an earlier block and orphan the one you don't like anymore.
What, you didn't realize that there exists a zillion-to-one chance that a single CPU miner could find hundreds of blocks in a row and outpace the rest of the network by sheer, dumb luck?
Well then you're obviously too naive to deserve secure transactions, aren't you? Thus it is our patriotic duty to normalize ruining those odds even more just to protect you and those like you from your own ignorance. You know, for certain psychotic values of the word "protect".
@_date: 2015-07-20 10:03:35


But the escrow only having one of the 3 keys has no ability to bounce anything to another wallet with their one key. 
This is all of course discounting ideas like government-backed malware or strong-arming the escrow fleecing people when they specifically try to perform an ordinary transaction or sabotaging the wallet software itself, because of the increased likelihood that only a small number of people would get fleeced before the alarm is sounded and everybody else (eg, people who haven't moved money at that wallet for awhile) go into lockdown and dodge the bullet. :J
@_date: 2015-07-01 01:10:19
but... any unspent outputs mentioned by mempool txn that time out also get removed from the UTXO database. Otherwise every UTXO database today would still hold debris from every doublespend attempt since 2009. :P
@_date: 2015-07-03 15:54:52


No. "X" in my example was not an address, it was an unspent output assigned to address Y. So the money moved nowhere but from Y to Y.
@_date: 2015-08-16 19:59:28
That said, I also don't know that it can be considered vote manipulation when the "if" clause closely aligns to the ordinary reason for upvoting: endorsing the content.
@_date: 2015-08-10 21:12:57
Ah, good to know then. :3
I'm glad I decided to mention them in the sidebar when I wrote the rule that Theymos has recently begun to abuse.
@_date: 2015-07-01 17:55:20


The best way to look at this angle is that said proprietary agencies are being stupid because A&gt; they are realizing zero of the ROI that decentralization would offer them, yet B&gt; they are adding 100% of the cost of decentralization to the costs *they are already committed to* for the protection of centralized trust.
That is in no way an apples and oranges comparison between the costs of running a centralized, trusted payment network (for example, the costs of running VISA, Paypal, Western Union, or Wells Fargo) and the costs of running a decentralized payment network like Bitcoin.. or Lightcoin or Dogecoin or at minimum dozens of the alts each of which cost magnitudes less than Bitcoin to run today due to lowered mining interest, yet would still require quite the pretty penny to attack and destabilize.


But archival is by definition an amortized cost. Our ability to archive greater amounts of data has risen along an exponential curve for millenia now, with the rise of Computing and The Internet and platter and SSD drives only representing the latest iteration therein. This is why effectively all of the usable entropy stored at my city library in 1980 can safely be stored in the unused space of my mobile telephone today.
OTOH, while storage costs drop along an exponential curve, transactional needs only grow along a geometric one: following Metcalf's law.
Well, to be fair, that assumption is a simplistic one.. but after accounting for population growth, changing market penetration, increasing rate of transactions worth paying fees for, and the like none of the terms are exponential and they still remain at best geometric. :P
So, an exponentially increasing storage capacity per fixed cost divided by at best a geometrically increasing transaction volume multiplied by linear time = the per unit time cost to store a continually growing blockchain *shrinks* over sufficiently long time scales. It may not seem so during initial growth, but that is again because geometric and linear growth outpace exponential only during the early stages.
@_date: 2015-07-20 02:25:17


Why do you keep saying this? It *is* easy to back up a seed.
Do you want me to bitch about how hard it is to open a checking account because while "it should be easy to fill out an application form, everybody just sits in front of the banker balling at their broken crayon and wetting themselves instead"?
It *should* be easy to drive a car (spoiler alert: and it is) but thousands of people lose a lot more than "1.5BTC" every day while failing to do so properly. And I'm not even talking about loss of life, even on the property damage level it would be a challenge to have any collision at all that doesn't cost some party in excess of $400.
But, as long as cars are as important as they are we take a deep breath and have confidence in the risk-reduction measures that each of us take.
Whoever can't do the same with Bitcoin is like listening to Miss Daisy in the back seat howling about driving too fast.
@_date: 2015-07-02 18:41:33


Because Peter and Luke and some other core devs feel like they have to ruin things on a regular basis in order to validate their own egos.
@_date: 2015-07-01 18:21:08
When a company is only offering a 15 minute lock in of the present exchange rate, I would call completing the transaction in fewer than 15 minutes (including time it took for the customer to dig out their wallet and unlock everything, copy/paste addresses, whatever) kind of a big deal.
Given that from any arbitrarily chosen point of time you stand greater than a 20% chance not to see another block mined in 15 minutes even *if* the customer wasted 0.0 seconds to initiate the transaction, I would call 1-conf a non-starter to that business model.
But here is the real important kicker: these millions of dollars of commerce **were** done on 0-conf. Nothing forced anybody to use 0-conf, that is nothing save the inarguable **value** of not asking every transactor to wait an unpredictably long period of time when they could instead bear a risk **orders of magnitude smaller** than the most popular payment mechanisms on earth today would force you to bear.
What do you have against perfectly rational risk profiles to remove delay from high frequency, low volume transactions? My car lock can be jimmied open with a coat hanger, yet I still lock it and it has an exceedingly low real-world probability of ever being broken into because "theoretical" vulnerability does not necessarily translate into real-world loss.
It only translates into risk, and for low yield a moderate risk is perfectly acceptable.
@_date: 2015-07-20 01:12:00


Don't be so hard on yourself, I'm sure your parents still love you, don't they? Even all the way up on that antiquated, judgmental, Victorian high horse of yours? :3
That said, allow me to ruin your day. Go get a blacklight, shine it on your keyboard, and then let what you see sink in for a little while before you use that keyboard to tell other people how disgusting or morally repulsive *they* are. xD
@_date: 2015-07-01 01:56:54
Wat: how is RBF offering any railing to anybody?
You suggest that 0-conf is dangerous. Railings would be doing something to make 0-conf safe. Literally the only thing that RBF does is try to make abusing 0-conf even easier.
@_date: 2015-07-01 01:08:45
Yes, your mileage may vary.
On the other hand, instead of defrauding one coffee shop (whom you're not likely to be able to visit ever again) out of one coffee, try milking the same shop for 2-3 months via credit card and then calling the bank to tell them your card got stole and none of those txn are yours.
Your mileage won't vary very much then.. thousands of dollars of coffee-fraud in one painless phone call.
@_date: 2015-07-02 18:51:48
Well, for one, even full RBF would not be enough to completely kill 0-conf at places like brick and morter because the effort vs reward of a double spend is still fairly paltry, attacker still runs the low risk of delivery taking longer than next block found, attacker is clearly submitting global evidence of their fraud within scant minutes of perpetrating it, and Credit Cards have already been at least this easy to fraudulently reverse charges on for decades with limited ill effects.
For two: they want to kill zero conf because they want to centralize usage of the Bitcoin network to settlement-between-large-banks-only, and they want to follow every myopic decision that would appear to line the pockets of miners. I'm still not clear why either of these are so popular with that crowd, but those are the only commonalities I'm seeing. :P
@_date: 2015-07-01 21:18:09


While I am glad that we largely agree, I think the important thing to consider is that the maximum blocksize does not represent any kind of magical lever that defines transaction fees. Please consider another poster's recent comparison with traffic congestion, [the Smallblockville Traffic Department](as an example. 
Instead I would contend that having a max blocksize forever larger than what is needed for every miner to include every tx they feel they are being appropriately compensated for would be optimal, and the choice of what tx fee is fair should be left up to the miners just as simply as the choice of what is a fair retail Hotel Room Rental fee should be left up to Hotel owners. :3
@_date: 2015-07-15 20:51:21


But here's the disconnect. If a third party, such as yourself or Coinbase, holds your mother's coin for her this is in no way "centralized". Certainly not in the same vein as incumbent fiat currency is centralized. All it is is a simple division of labor: allowing the people who are the best at keeping secrets to do the secret keeping.
This explanation also skips over advanced solutions that Bitcoin enables such as multi-party escrow. Even if tech like that that were *not* available, what you are talking about is still nothing like real Centralization.
When you put fiat money into a bank, you are entrusting your wealth directly to a **single, global, banking oligopoly** because every bank, credit union, and fiat money holder or transmitter *in the world* must join together in the same network of mutual trust, political enmeshment and conflict of interest simply in order to perform day to day business.
This also means that the interests of the ultra-wealthy at the top circumscribe the capacity of the boots on the ground, everywhere on Earth. So much of the world is presently unbanked because this single, world-wide beast cannot profit from reaching it's tendrils that far into impoverished areas.
Now contrast with using Coinbase. When you entrust your wealth to coinbase (w/o using multi-key escrow or anything more advanced like that), you *are* entrusting your wealth to them.. so there is a non-zero chance that they will go bankrupt or be attacked. But as your own risk assessment showed, that risk is at least as high for secrets stored directly on your mother's computer.
**But**, you are **not** entrusting your wealth to any other parties, anywhere! Coinbase may be witholden to some pretty draconian and annoying "know your customer" snooping regulations held over their heads by the US federal and various state governments.. but those regulations do not authorize Coinbase to separate you from the Bitcoins you store with them, so on that count it is still just you and Coinbase. (If you'd like a fiat contrast, look up "civil asset forfeiture" one day.. *jibbly* jibbly!)
When you want to pay money to Merchant X, and instead of Coinbase they use Bitpay, Coinbase simply sends naked Bitcoins to Bitpay and the transaction is complete. Coinbase and Bitpay do **not** have to be part of some global oligopoly for that transaction to work. Coinbase does not have to send an "IOU" to Bitpay that the latter has to trust will be settled at some later date. Neither company has to have a chargeback policy agreement or anything meddlesome of that ilk.
And *that* is why, even when you store your coins with a third party, Bitcoin itself is not centralized.
In fact, Bitcoin is made far, far more powerful because people are allowed to *choose* to trust one another to create business patterns like these, and because unlike the incumbent system it does not *require* invasive levels of trust as some kind of a masochistic prerequisite. You can pay Bitpay from a Coinbase wallet, I can pay them from my bitcoin-core node. Larry can pay them by doing all the math with pen and paper and submitting the signed tx onto the wire with telegraph pin. It's all good! :D
@_date: 2015-07-01 01:38:15
By what definition?
The efficiency of any transaction will be naturally limited by the trust imparted by the transaction network. Trust costs money to offer (brand recognition, reputation, insurance, proof of work, document anti-counterfeiting measures, etc) and aside from availability and support you're not going to run into a lot of other unavoidable costs.
Nothing makes globally decentralized consensus inefficient *except* for the trust that it grants, in contrast centralized payment networks can be inefficient for any reasons that they want including corruption and embezzlement.
Thus, it sounds to me like globally decentralized consensus has every reason to be cheaper than centralized (thus vulnerable to embezzlement, corruption, gouging, etc) alternatives.
@_date: 2015-07-13 19:36:56
[Citation Needed]
@_date: 2015-07-22 00:36:09
1&gt; They won't have it *at the same time* because their block ceiling is already 4 time higher. That can is already kicked farther down the road.
2&gt; They will be afforded the luxury of watching bitcoin make the wrong decision and trying whatever doesn't lead to the same outcome.
But this presumes Bitcoin made the wrong decision and lends enough spotlight to LTC for it to matter, of course.
@_date: 2015-07-03 15:44:46


Well, I for one agree with Peter and disagree with rocks on the poor wording "very" secure. I think the entire point of this discussion is that coffee sales absolutely, in no way, have to be "very secure".
That said, 0-conf transactions today and 0-conf transactions with FSS-RBF remain phenomenally more secure (EG, a lower loss rate) than the Credit Card model our entire planet has already happily adopted and that 99.9% of coffee is sold with today. Even 0-conf with full RBF rivals Credit Card security against buyer fraud, but I would prefer to remain ahead of it instead of lowering ourselves to that level with zero return on investment for the decision made.
You are correct that if you can submit your double spend directly to a large miner, *most* of the rest of the network will not see it. Of course BCI *will* see it, and every other node that works to connect to every popular node (like big mining pools!) will see it, so the flag will be raised that this is a double spend attempt and that is the kind of diligence that Merchants (and most importantly, merchant gateways) could do to help filter out some of the riff-raff.
But even without steps like that, Somebody submitting into the blockchain irreversible proof of their commission of fraud to get a small X% chance of welching on a payment is nothing compared to people making hundreds of purchases with you, and then phoning their bank to claim their card was stolen and reversing everything in one shot.
But even that latter is perfectly acceptable risk to modern commerce, so the speed and convenience of 0-conf ought to be more so.. at least *until* somebody can finish building lightning networks or what have you. :J
@_date: 2015-07-01 22:37:11
Nobody is suggesting that the backlog of transactions would overwhelm computing equipment. They are instead suggesting that, just like any fast food drive-through that makes most people wait an hour to be served, people will simply drive the hell away an find a different place to eat. :/
@_date: 2015-07-01 17:37:39
Um.. yes. Infinity. :P
@_date: 2015-07-29 23:12:55
Well, does the average user need (eg: value enough to spend a lot of resources on) to not trust *anyone ever*? I think that is a beautiful foundation to build a system from, but not every user is going to connect directly into the foundation.
In my view, we win by magnitudes over the existing financial system because with Bitcoin you get to choose who you trust and how much, and you get to expend less money or time or expertise by doing so. In the incumbent financial system, no matter *how much* money, time, or expertise you pour in you will *never* be able to avoid having to trust the single, global, financial oligopoly.
And their interests will never line up with yours: it is *literally* impossible because any pair of humans on earth can have utterly conflicting interests and values. No single administrative oligopoly of any pattern can serve that simultaneously.
In the Bitcoin ecosystem, I can run a node and SPV clients can pay me some pretty cheap fees to access it. Then I get paid by many people for all my hard work, and they only have to trust one party who is beholden to no other interests, and certainly not foreign banking interests. :P
@_date: 2015-07-01 02:33:27
Malicious miners *cannot* screw you over based solely on their own volition.
They would have to collude (either on purpose or by coincidence) with a malicious buyer attempting a doublespend against you personally, and the *pair* of them can only succeed if the stars of that buyer's double spend attempt and that miner's RBF policy align with that transaction getting mined into a block *by* that miner.
Buyer wants to double spend? Too bad if that block gets mined by a first-fee miner.
Miner wants to see your business fail thanks to the power of their RBF policy? They have no opportunity if nobody is trying to doublespend against you.
Buyer X wants to doublespend *and* miner Y sits there waiting to RBF? it's still no go if that miner doesn't get the block while that transaction is in the air.
Buyer X wants to doublespend, miner Y waits to RBF **and** miner Y gets to mine the block during the right sliver of time?!? It **still** doesn't matter if X and Y don't yet know about each other so that X's double spend attempt got dropped by every intervening node and never reached Y!!
Buyer attempts an.. aw shit, the initial transaction got mined before the coffee even finished brewing! No double-spend today.
RBF exists for exactly zero other reasons than to make the lives of these would-be fraudsters somewhat easier.
Risk of crime and fraud can never be zero: even with magical sidechain payment channels people can find a way to hack a POS or collude with the barista instead of with a miner. RBF does zilch aside from widening a liability that is perfectly manageable today: *literally* trying to cut off the nose of a simple, popular and successful transaction model simply to spite the face of Bitcoin as a whole.
@_date: 2015-07-22 00:29:29
Not a problem for the people staying away and not a significant problem for "Bitcoin The Protocol", but a measurable problem for the people who choose to remain involved: monoculture does hamper human innovation.
We gain the same cultural advantages from diverse perspectives that rewarded creatures for evolving gender in the first place: to force *genetic* diversity into future generations and avoid the pitfalls of monoculture.
Put another way: the only things left unhappy by a sausage fest are the sausages themselves.
@_date: 2015-07-07 20:18:43
If gold were really this important then I'm certain somebody over the past century would have worked out an inexpensive method to counterfeit and thus amplify it that's more sophisticated and harder to detect than simply wrapping a millimeter of it around tungsten bars. ;3
@_date: 2015-07-05 05:17:26
Wait a second, what did my title say? :P
@_date: 2015-07-02 23:01:26
I think the two primary parts of Bitcoin that it sounds like you're having a difficult time understanding are cryptographic signatures and cryptographic hashing. Those are tools that just don't make a lot of sense until you are used to them, but they offer some surprising and reliable properties that are vital to almost every larger security and encryption system in the world today. :3
[Hashing]( this means taking an input document, of any length (one letter long? a billion gigabytes long?) and munching it down using a special, one-way formula into a fixed-length string. The same input will always render the same output, but good hash functions make it especially difficult (eg: beyond the capability of the smartest minds in the world armed with a billion times more compute power than the world has combined) to start from an output hash and guess any possible input that could produce that specific hash without first being told.. or to guess a false input that "collides", or produces the same hash as an original input.
Hashes are useful because you can use them as a reliable "nickname" for a large document. Imagine a senator saying "I endorse &lt;insert hash here&gt;": that hash can only come out if you put in a very specific document, so if anybody tried changing even one letter the whole hash would be different and that altered document would leave the realm of what the senator was endorsing.
Bitcoin uses two hashing formulas: SHA-256 (used in a ton of places) and RIPM-160 (used only to change an ECDSA public key into a bona-fide Bitcoin address).
[Digital Signatures]( are a cryptographic way to do something like what we described the above senator doing: allowing a person with a well known reputation to endorse or authorize a document, or an action, by the power of some secret that they control.. but at the same time without disclosing that secret or making that secret any easier for bad people to guess.
Digital signature schemes involve creating a special pair of numbers which get called a "private key" and a "public key". The idea is that you share the public key (or, in Bitcoin's case, we take it one more step towards safety and only share a *hash* of the public key to begin with!) freely with the world. This acts like your reputation, or your pseudonym, or the appearance of your "royal seal" on a document, let's say.
But you keep your private key as safe as you possibly can. This is like the rubber stamp that actually makes the royal seal pattern on a document.
Because "signing" a document takes up some computer resources, people normally only sign the hash of a document: like the example of the senator from before.
Bitcoin uses ECDSA/Secp256k1 as it's only signature protocol.
Making a keypair, and a Bitcoin Address
To be involved with Bitcoin, you need a wallet. The wallet has at minimum one key pair (private key and public key), but in practice you'll create dozens and hundreds and store them all together. There are boring ways of doing this (just make new keypairs and keep them all backed up) and excitingly nerdy ways like [HD wallets]( but let's limit our discussion to just one keypair for now.
How do you make the keypair? You start with the private key. Just choose any number from 0 to 2^256 at random (with a very high quality random number source!), and try again if your answer is one of the known invalid starting positions. This step is so easy, you utterly can do it with just a bunch of dice rolls or coin flips, and some very paranoid and/or DIY-obsessed people do do precisely that.
Next, armed with a valid secret key, you use ECDSA to calculate the public key from that, which will also turn out to be a 256-bit integer.
Finally, you convert that public key into a Bitcoin address using a RIPM-160 hash: shortening it to 160 bits, and expressing it as letters and numbers with a version digit and some check digits. You can also display this as a QR code.
Receiving money with your new address
Like an Email address, a Bitcoin address is a valid *destination* for somebody to send money to. And like the password to your email account, your private key is a secret you do not share with other people in order to use things that were addressed to you.
So, somebody sends bitcoin to your address. This means that they add to the global blockchain a ledger entry saying "transfer X Bitcoins from out of my control (out of potentially many addresses) and into your address (or into many addresses if they are paying out to more than one recipient with one transaction, etc)".
You don't have to be online or anything for that to happen, and until you want to use this Bitcoin balance that has been assigned to you it just sits patiently on the global ledger.
When you *do* wish to use it, you do so by spending Bitcoin: eg, sending some of the balance you now control off to a *new* address so that somebody else can receive and use it.
Creating a transaction to send money out from your wallet
First step, your wallet software puts together a document called a "transaction". It's like a purchase order, it lists every address releasing money in this transaction (to be very precise it lists every "unspent output" being released; but best practice calls for emptying an entire address and then never re-using it again), and it lists every address receiving money due to this transaction including how much per address. Because the transaction drains *every drop* out of the unspent outputs that comprise it's input, one of the new outputs is often a change address in your own wallet: which is like breaking a 20, and getting change back in the same transaction.
Finally, all of the input value not accounted for in the output value is surrendered to the miners as a "mining fee"; and that is the only standard way to format your mining fee: the leftovers after subtracting total output amount from total input amount.
Signing the transaction, to prove the true owner of the money consents to re-distribute it
Alright! That's quite a document your wallet software has written out in memory now, but before it can be put into action your wallet software also must *sign* it, using the private key from each of the addresses listed on the "input" side. Under boring conditions, these are all addresses in your wallet so it's done automatically: your software hashes the document and use the ECDSA algorithm to produce a signature using your private key. Anybody who knows your public key can check the signature and mathematically confirm that only your private key could have signed it.
But.... at this stage, people also don't know your public key, just the RIPM-160 hash of it. So the first time you spend money out of an address, you also publish the public key for that address with the signatures. People can confirm your public key hashes to your address, and then that your signature matches your public key, and thus that the true owner of that address has endorsed releasing that money in this exact way.
You broadcast your fully signed transaction, which gets notarized by the miners and added into the blockchain. Now you no longer control the money you have released, and some new recipient does in your stead.
That is the core of how Bitcoin addresses and transactions work. The strings of letters and numbers people trade are called "addresses", and knowing an address lets you send money in to the owner/creator of the address but is not anywhere near enough information to allow you to pull money back out again: for that you require the corresponding secret key. Just like knowing somebody's email address does not allow you to *read* their emails. :3
I hope this lengthy explanation is still targeted enough to help you understand the process, and let us know in case it spawns more questions than answers? That's a pretty common outcome when learning about something so big. ;3
@_date: 2015-07-20 02:00:24


@_date: 2015-07-19 23:48:43


Bitcoin *allows* you to be your own bank, which most people obviously aren't up to. It also *allows* you to store your funds with financial institutions less tied into the global oligopoly, but if you've traded local fiat and not moved the BTC beyond that wallet then the "BTC bank" your funds are at will still largely be at the mercy of your local government.
So, two very good alternate solutions for end-users of limited personal security means still remain apparent to me.
Firstly, there exist hardware wallet solutions like Trezor, which is basically a hardware "bank" in the form of a USB dongle. This bank is no more beholden to government regulation than you yourself are should you decide to skirt beyond oppressive local mandates, while also maximizing the security of your wealth against online attackers and malware without being too difficult for average people to use.
Or, the other viable bitcoin solution is multi-key escrow: where an institution (both Coinbase and Greenaddress are well known for this option) holds one of the three keys that lock your funds, a simple paper wallet (created via guidance of same institution) holds your second key for emergency use only and you hold the third for everyday spending — but two of those three keys are required to move your funds.
Online spending is easy by combining your hot key with 2-factor auth through the institution, but the institution (even when compelled to by government) cannot freeze or take away your funds because they only have 1 of the 2 needed keys, and you hold both of the others. So should the institution stop cooperating with you, you can use pre-established means to dig out your paper key and move your funds to a new, safer location as circumstances dictate.
Malware also cannot easily separate the lay-user from their funds because while the "hot" key used to conveniently authorize daily purchases may be exposed to it, the paper key is completely opaque to Malware under ordinary circumstances (and must be handled with care obviously when it *does* come into play..),while the final key is safe at the institution which can combine ordinary counter-fraud measures with 2 factor authentication to thwart virtually every known variant of malware.
@_date: 2015-07-02 18:34:22
Yeah, I just read that as a typo of 10^8
@_date: 2015-07-01 02:15:34
What do you mean "What if"? This isn't even a hypothetical.
Both options have been on the table for six years now, and millions upon millions of dollars have been transacted on 0-conf at just Coinbase and Bitpay alone during that time.
How much has any person anywhere made using RBF? How much value *could* even be realized with such a thing, aside from recovering foolishly mis-spent coins using the new "Let's try to welsh on that payment, and just hope that the wallet receiving these funds doesn't try to get into a pissing match against me" button?
@_date: 2015-08-12 00:46:00
They can if leaking the info endangers the effectiveness of their filters, leading bad actors to learn how to better get around them to commit fraud and in turn leading to even poorer filtering attempts that wind up punishing even more users.
@_date: 2015-07-22 00:31:59
So I see you can't fight sexism without hooking your toe into ableism along the way. How very Mexican of you.
@_date: 2015-07-01 19:07:01
Well, since it is basically an inevitable consequence of ambiguous identity verification, it is commonly done *everywhere*. For a measurement, the most straightforward article I could find via google [cites over half a billion pounds of fraud losses in the UK in 2008]( And that's *with* chip and pin. :P
Why do you imagine it would be so difficult to pull off?
@_date: 2015-07-01 02:06:30


The incentive to steal coffee does not increase due to the number of coffee shops who use Bitcoin 0-conf. Your ROI = "a free coffee" no matter how many years in the future you wait.
For any cases where fraudulent ROI exceeds "one free coffee", it's up to the merchant and customer base (EG: NOT YOU, and NOT developers with clear conflicts of interest) to decide if waiting a few minutes for 1-conf isn't a fine idea.
Will we *ever* see more coffee shops accepting Bitcoin 0-conf than ones who accept VISA? But I can already get coffee from the same shop every day for three months, and then tell VISA that my card was stolen and reverse every penny of that in an instant.
Furthermore, a bitcoin double spend is free and publicly available evidence of premeditated fraud while a false claim of a stolen card is next to impossible to really prove.
Today, 0-conf double spend is *a lot harder* than CC buyer fraud. With RBF, you re-class that to "about the same difficulty".
But, today, at the instant of purchase a Bitcoin transaction is about the same difficulty as a CC transaction. Swiping a card vs scanning a QR code or using NFC, tapping password into your phone or using a local biometric vs tapping a pin into a POS reader or signing a receipt slip (or POS) with a pen.
Expecting every merchant to wait for conf (prior to mobile wallet support for payment channels, which I'm sure will be available in Two Weeks™ time) utterly disqualifies Bitcoin from the point of sale space entirely.
It doesn't disqualify ANY OTHER ALTCOIN mind you, it merely butchers the usefulness of this one single coin.
@_date: 2015-07-29 22:45:35
Most contracts worth millions boil down to hundreds of thousands of cups of coffee or other sundry things bought or sold.
If I'm Starbucks, why on earth would I *prefer* to pay out the nose to move my revenues onto an alien blockchain just to pay out the nose all over again to send funds to a supplier, who is going to pay out the nose a third time just to use that money? Either moving it along another step or breaking it back down into the first ledger again.
Why wouldn't I just pay the same &lt;$0.10usd tx fee my customers pay for their coffee, in one smooth action, to dump all that money instantly into my supplier's lap?
What would that larger TX fee even *buy* me?! Either the coffee ledger is secure against a 51% attack or it isn't. Nobody is going to use it for any purpose if it's vulnerable, and nobody is going to *pay any other ledger more* so long as it's not!
@_date: 2015-07-29 22:31:56
I'm sorry, but there are only two material kinds of outside observer in this matter.
1&gt; An observer that sees Bitcoin in particular fall apart due to mismanagement, understands what that means, and thus switches attention to the next best tested alt such as Litecoin to see if they can avoid the same mismanagament and simply carry on where the first one failed.
2&gt; An observer who can't tell if the CEO of Bitcorn got killed in an auto accident or committed suicide after his company MtGox went bankrupt.
Observer  opinion never mattered in the first place, and they've seen Bitcoin "shatter" a dozen times already in their own warped worldview. Observer  is an example of anybody who isn't so obtuse that they think that a dropped packet means it's time to turn off the Internet and become Amish.
@_date: 2015-07-18 06:04:25
How come nothing here is discussing the naked short selling of precious metals?
Let's face it. You can buy a gold coin, but that coin gets *traded* at a market value decided on a market where only gold bearer's bonds get traded.... **and the bonds outnumber the gold to back them**.
So because that trader's market is flooded with literal fools gold, nobody will buy *your* gold for more than an artificially low price.
But you cannot easily fix that: Gold is *hard* to move, *hard* to authenticate and *hard* to secure. That's why it all sits in vaults and duplicate deeds to it get traded instead.
@_date: 2015-07-21 00:52:11
Yeah, I've never heard of a security method similar to your cross-product idea there before, myself. It doesn't sound like it would work very well to me, because "a wicked amount of time" is always either within the bounds of a botnet or beyond the bounds of legitimate key recovery purposes.
So had you used the 2-of-3 key solution like that practiced by GreenAddress.it, then losing your PC keys to a hard drive crash would still afford you the opportunity to use your emergency paper key matched with the GreenAddress second signature to move your coin into a new, fresh set of 3 keys one of which can be on your PC again. :3
@_date: 2015-07-02 18:48:37
Just to confirm: it would take more than a signature from *one* of the unspent outputs to alter the fee, wouldn't it? I was under the impression that every unspent output would have to sign a new txn with a new fee structure.
@_date: 2015-07-02 18:33:51
Input: unspent output X assigned to address Y
Output: address Y
Fee: 0 (these days some miner will eventually notarize it..)
@_date: 2015-08-06 21:51:38
They only have control over one market niche. They are not the only way in the world to hold Bitcoin, just the only USB-smartscreen way.
Their competition is every other bitcoin wallet solution including Coinbase and GreenAddress which cost nothing beyond a combination of effort, risk and inconvenience.
@_date: 2015-07-20 01:32:34


This is an open house dedicated to learning and to teaching. We should not bar the dissemination of commonly good sense due simply to the fear that evil people will learn this same good sense and use it to bolster their evil ways.
We must fight them on different fronts, not poison the well everybody drinks from.
@_date: 2015-07-02 18:46:54


Well, compare this hypothetical view of Bitcoin's 80% *guarantee that fraud is impossible* on 0-conf to Credit Cards 0% guarantee, where every single customer is free to call the bank within the next few months and claim that their card was stolen.
Despite this, credit card fraud is still uncommon enough to be written off. Even *with* full-RBF, Bitcoin 0-conf buyer fraud would remain a hell of a lot riskier (lower chance of success when you try, higher chance of being caught when you succeed) than credit cards.. but the risk RBF adds would still be nothing but meaningless spite.
@_date: 2015-07-12 02:13:36


If ever there was a time for Weird Al's perennial complaint of "it's **fewer**, not less!" then this would be that time, as "less larger" is also an awkward way of saying "smaller". :P
@_date: 2015-07-21 23:13:01


Why would anybody pay $10 just to move $X worth of value in the bitcoin network when the alternative remains to exit that network and head to Litecoin with 4x the potential tx/second (same blocksize but 4x as frequent blocks) instead?
This goes for end-users, speculators, large businesses trying to use cryptocurrency to make their systems better, and merchants: why pay $10 per tx to get what's basically free on the alternate network, with absolutely every single feature available?
Thus, any pressure capable of driving tx fees temporarily to $10 will wind up simply enriching the competing alts and eroding Bitcoin's market dominance instead.
@_date: 2015-07-25 02:52:33
[I read this in John Cleese's voice](
@_date: 2015-07-02 18:28:03
 used to work for me, but it's been so long since I've traveled that I'm too lazy to test it now. ;3
@_date: 2015-07-07 20:19:23
But this will drive up the cost of smartphones and tablets and seriously upset the economy, in the process.
@_date: 2015-07-20 02:14:56
It *is* a great tagline for Bitcoin, and adoption comes in stages.
The stages we profit the most from today are wholesalers, financial service businesses, remitters, "unpopular" service providers including adult entertainment and dispensaries (and backpage), businesses who stand to make so much damned profit that they are well served to pay the price to learn the territory, or they'll either pay through the nose or be put out of business by the laughable incumbent financial "services" available to them.
Joe Blow end-users? They've got a few things to learn if they're going to early adopt, as they would in any network. By the time our network is so easy to use that it can hand even random illiterates value on a silver platter, that value will only be the margins left over after the people who gave a damn when it counted first got their fill.
But even that will be an impressive offering of value, so don't cry for the late adopters. Change frightens them, knowledge frightens them, so just let them sleep, eh?
They have nothing to offer us right now anyway.
@_date: 2015-07-01 22:15:28
A&gt; I certainly do
B&gt; even if I didn't, all you have to trust is that *one* party you link to is being honest. That's quite a different risk profile compared to Paypal, banks et al where you literally hand all of your money to an administrative single point of failure.
Do you ever watch the news? Well, imagine if modern journalism were anywhere near this good: that if only *one* journalist so much as breathed the truth on a given topic that every competing lie would instantly and reliably whither next to it in the minds of every listener instead of continuing to compete against it for notoriety. :P
@_date: 2015-07-20 00:02:36


It's less about liquidity and more about access. Once you have bitcoin, you can use any service on earth hosted from any location on the globe including tor hidden services to exchange that back and forth for whatever alt you'd like. To trade fiat for a crypto however, it's going to be tons easier to find somebody buying or selling Bitcoin than it is "experimental coin number 587". Also, once it's time to purchase goods or services with your wealth, some people take Bitcoin directly and some will cash you back out to the local fiat but nobody's going to trade either for the pegged crypto.. so Bitcoin is the go-between again.
As for holding traditional currencies directly instead of a crypto, well, it's not a crypto. That means you're not going to be able to purchase anything over the internet, it's easier to get rolled by law enforcement (in the US we used to joke about Mexican Federales doing this to tourists, but then we got Civil Asset Forfeiture and the joke was on us..) because while they *could* theoretically jail you and harrass you and extort you in various ways to get you to give up a password to your crypto-fortune, that's way more work (and way harder for corrupt assholes to get away with unnoticed) than going next door and taking all of your neighbor's cash instead or freezing people's bank accounts on a whim. So against that adversary, it's at least on par with locking your car door. Sure it can be jimmied, but the next car down is probably unlocked so all things being equal, most crooks will just pass you by.
The object lesson here is that crypto-currencies give you the power and the safety to do these things (so long as you invest the right attention into infosec, or trust the right infosec partners, of course)  but Bitcoin remains the king of cryptocurrencies (until Blockstream finds ways to ruin it and drive everyone to another alt, at least) due to network effects and adoption. It's the middleman to other cryptos, the middleman to censorship-free online commerce, it's what a currency should be: the ultimate middleman commodity.
@_date: 2015-07-25 02:53:04
\ D:&lt;
@_date: 2015-07-03 15:27:26
Because that is the primary magic of how digital signature algorithms work in general. :3
It's a little bit like Hashing, where you take one piece of data and munge it into a hash, and then it's easy for anybody to repeat that munging process to confirm that document A hashed into exactly hash H.. but it is astronomically difficult for anyone to start from hash H and reverse engineer it to find a document (document "A", or any other one that they do not already know) that you could put into one end to get exactly H out the other end.
Unlike hashing, with a digital signature you put two things into the "signing" machine: a document (normally already a hash.. it does't have to be, but it's a lot cleaner if it is!) such as document A (or the hash H of document A, either works as long as the recipient knows your process) and the private key from a public/private keypair.
What comes out is a munged up block of data, a lot like what comes out of a hash. We'll call this "S".
Then you hand S to people, and they can put the same document (A, or H depending on how you did it) into a "verifying" machine, except instead of the private key they have to put the matching public key in, and they put in the "S" as well (so "verifying" has three inputs).
What is output is a true or a false. "True" means that "S could only have been created using this exact document and the private key matching this public key", and "False" means that any other condition exists. Maybe you're trying the wrong (or a forged) document, maybe S got fiddled with in transit, maybe you've got the wrong public key, whatever.
But all of this is designed in such a way as to keep the original private key safe. No matter who gets ahold of S, or A, or H, or the public key.. they can use the verifying engine and confirm that S represents the private key holder's endorsement of A, but they **cannot** (it would take more computing power than the universe could ever have, or it would take breaking ECDSA encryption in a way that no human presently knows how to do) use those scraps of data to work out what the original private key was.
Even if they have a million S's, a million A documents, and the public key they don't get in any meaningful way closer to guessing what private key really matches that public key.
And this strategy is in no way unique to Bitcoin. When you browse to a website and see the little SSL padlock, you can click that to see details about the "certificate" that helps to prove you have visited the real site you wished to go to instead of being redirected by an IP attack or a DNS attack to some evil person's site. That Certificate is simply a digitally signed document. The document basically says "I am company X, and this is my domain name: companyX.com, and this is the encryption details I use to run my SSL" and then that was all confirmed by a Certificate Authority such as Verisign or Godaddy, who then used their world-wide known keypairs to sign that document. Your browser can then automatically trust that signature, and color the URL bar to let you know it's much safer than if there were no certificate.
@_date: 2015-07-01 19:00:08
I'm sorry, I cannot understand your question. What about electronics? Tiger, Dell, NewEgg and Overstock sell every kind of electronics you could want, and I don't hear any complaints about fraud from them. Overstock specifically goes out of their way to mention how much they love the *lack* of fraud compared to credit card purchases.
Or do you mean what about electronic payment systems? If you meant this, then I am fully lost.


Absolute lack of context here.
* Do you mean why am I suggesting that certain merchants cannot have certain policies? Because all I am advocating is not injuring a perfectly good risk profile for merchants who are happy with today's 0-conf: any merchant can still use any policy that they would like. 
* Do you mean I am suggesting that miners cannot set RBF policies? I leave that up to the miner, however I am advertising that RBF is harmful to the economy as a whole.. so if hash power avoids RBF pools to better support unit value, I can't be blamed for that. OTOH if every miner chooses RBF then we get the future you want. But this article is about *Peter Todd* trying to force all miners to use RBF. He is the one trying to limit options, not I.
@_date: 2015-07-01 00:50:07
What risk? as long as &gt;1% of miners reject double spend attempts in the mempool, merchant risk is still tons lower than accepting credit card or paypal which carries basically a 100% guarantee of clawback any time the customer so much as breathes dissatisfaction at the payment processor any time over the coming 3-6 months.
EG: why get one free coffee when you can get coffees every day (and sporting goods and god knows what else) but then call up the bank crying that your card got stolen so none of that was you?
Fraud is fraud whether you perpetrate it via plastic or blockchain. Some percentage of people will try it, and they risk having their face caught on internal camera, licence plate caught on external, and a friendly visit from law enforcement the next day for stiffing you over a cup of coffee.
Just think about it: a ten minute window is short, and a double spend is free, public, clear cut evidence of fraud handed to you on a platter within those ten minutes. In contrast, hundreds of dollars of service reversed 3 months later does leave you a name and an address, but no proof that their card *didn't* get stolen and that they aren't as much of a victim as you are.
@_date: 2015-07-02 18:44:15
I'unno, the last time I purchased an Amazon eCard from Gyft (probably May 2015?), I was able to apply it to my Amazon purchase (EG: Gyft delivered) within seconds of 0-conf.
@_date: 2015-07-20 02:29:30
The example of punctuation you are using here is called a "[Question Mark]( or interrogation point. People put these at the end of sentences when they want to request specific information from other people.
Since you appear to have accidentally the sentence that would normally prefix this punctuation, I figured a quick syntax reminder might be the best way I could help. :3
@_date: 2015-07-20 09:49:51
Right, I agree but that's what mah second paragraph said too. That said, on the one hand Bitcoin may be part of their financial juggling without customer bitcoin revenues being directly related to that, plus we're still so early in the evolution that even an ETF is barely a thing yet. :J
But here's another consideration. When I first heard about regenerative breaking, it was hydraulic. The breaking mechanism pumped oil into a pressurized canister, increasing it's pressure, and then when you began to go again the canister's pressure drove some kind of a turbine that directly forced the axle back into motion. The tech patents got bought up by big oil and sat on for forty years.
Then came the Prius, the first electric car I am aware of to revive the regenerative breaking concept. But do they keep the mechanical energy mechanical? No, they attach a generator to the axle to break, converting mechanical energy into electricity, which gets sent to a battery, and then drawn back out again to run a DC motor when you want to go again. The heat losses involved at every step are *simply monumental* compared to hydraulic, but that's still what becomes the commercial success.
The same rather obtuse "send everything to the same ground state" approach may easily pervade business decisions relating to Bitcoin. Want to invest in Bitcoin? Sure, just take all the bitcoin revenues and convert them to fiat, so that you can send that fiat to the accounting department to buy some Bitcoin for us. :P
@_date: 2015-07-30 03:24:32


You have exactly the same reason to trust me as you do the prince of Nigeria. **So don't**, ya dummy! xD
But what about your cousin Jeff who builds computers and servers for fun all the time? His interests and values line up with yours well enough and you know your family isn't out to scam you. So why not use his node?
He doesn't have a node? Well my point is that assuming he has the hardware/skill/bandwidth you lack, then he is only "learning what is this Bitcoin thing" away from being able to provide that service to you and to anybody else who already trusts him. 
How close would he be to running a bank or a credit union? Even backed by a zillion dollars of capital and financial expertise, he *would not be able to* without first submitting every aspect of the business he plans to run, his personal life, and his family's personal lives to the banking oligopoly.


So, basically the same way that you have to pay sales tax for goods bought online? Or that you have to spend $20 on a garbage album to get that one song you like off of iTunes? 
Look, disruptive technology history aside, there is one thing you're overlooking about the global banking oligopoly that everybody hates. And that is that **everybody** hates it. Not just counterculture, not just Bitcoin enthusiasts and Goldbugs, even the *bankers*... and even the bankers *who profit from it the most* hate it.
It hates itself.
Why? Because it's very nature limits what it is even able to do. Because until cryptocurrency, money could literally not move across borders inexpensively without being replaced by trust. EG: I have 100 gold bars worth of value in America, I want to move those to china. I either spend 3 gold bars worth of that money just to store, transport and defend the easy target on it's journey, or if it's cheaper to do so the target in China simply accepts my IOU and *trusts* that I won't default on him. For how long? Perhaps forever. Worse yet: it's an entire chain of banking institutions between him and I "trusting" that the next in line won't default.
Until somebody does, and somebody *always* does eventually. It's martingale betting at it's finest.
With cryptocurrency you have the perfect umpire to keep score. No trust required, and (so long as the blockstream guys don't chase everybody to an alt) laughably inexpensive fees. Your reach is potentially anywhere you can communicate data to. A fair amount of data for zero trust at all, or no more data than SMS if you accept one single link of trust to anybody at all whom you chose that can work with that utterly agnostic stream of data.
Bitcoin will not be over-regulated because aside from the challenge of even trying (and the US slowly winding down it's "War on Drugs" second failed attempt at recreational prohibition) the people who draft those regulations are rightly concerned about killing the golden goose and painting themselves out of some amazing opportunities that nobody has dreamed up yet that this cryptographic solution to the Byzantine generals problem may lay at their feet at any moment.
@_date: 2015-07-04 06:42:59
Oh, I never said a *thing* about a maximum block depth for this protocol, hmmhmm. x3
@_date: 2015-07-01 22:33:55


1&gt; line speeds are not measured in "floating point operations per second", though I gather you probably offered that unit of measurement to be silly. However:
2&gt; Ordinary long-run (single-mode) fiberoptic cable offers no realistic boundary to the speeds it will carry. The boundary is imposed solely by the switching and amplifying equipment and the signaling strategy that they employ. So once you've buried 100km of fiber somewhere today, you only have to upgrade the ends and the boosters in the middle when it's time to adopt higher speeds.
@_date: 2015-07-20 01:59:02
@_date: 2015-07-03 15:58:37
Okay, so it sounds like the concern of using FSS-RBF to fee bump is that every bump would require new outputs to be marshaled into the mix.
I know this sounds crazy to the "block congestion is great" crowd, but I see no utility in performing more than one or maybe two fee bumps to a transaction to start with.
I could stand an "If I don't get mined by time X or blockheight Y flag, then euthanize me" field though! :D
@_date: 2015-07-20 02:05:37


It remains so once you account for the infosec required to resist malware, since nobody can be bothered to maintain a clean PC anymore and our government chooses to subsidize a network where everybody (including them) is vulnerable and they get to spy instead of one where everybody is secure, even from their own spying.
That said we have Trezor et al where you pay $X for a device that can offer pretty close to one-click functionality and security (eg: still harder than a credit card, which we may never match without also matching it's *in*securities..) and Greenaddress et al multi-key escrow that's only slightly more work than other wallet solutions.
You're always going to be on the hook for the paper backup step, etc. *shrugs*
@_date: 2015-07-28 21:42:18
[Betteridge's law of headlines]( opines on this very point.
@_date: 2015-07-01 01:15:20
When coupled with a position of power to do something about it, [how is that *not* sinister]( 
@_date: 2015-07-15 22:31:19


While I am not in general against "more options" and am only against RBF for orthogonal reasons, it is worth mentioning the sacrifice in privacy to having your wallet merge transactions in this way, as it advertises to your adversaries that all of these input addresses are controlled by the same administrative party.
Furthermore it does little to cut down on user fees (1kb + 1kb = 2kb, though in some edge cases 0.49kb + 0.49kb &lt; 1kb and you save a maximum possible 1 or 2kb in tx fees off of more often than not many dozen quick txn) and absolutely nothing to cut down on blockchain usage (because whether they bill per kb they store exact bytes and that's the end of it).
So quite a bit of loss for no return on investment I can see?
@_date: 2015-07-20 20:55:11
Tries speedtest.net app on my cellphone. It's radio just told me it could either send or receive a 20MB block in about 7 seconds.
Granted, cell networks are packet switched and impose data caps. But  the blockchain is uniquely suited to broadcast applications instead of unicast, anyway.
Imagine a tower on that hill yonder repeating the most recent 20MB block every 10 seconds for a minute for anybody in range to hear and copy, and then taking requests via normal internet for which other blocks people want to hear about and broadcasting those. 
You could also transmit on a different frequency or from a different tower a weary wagon signal that cycles through all blocks found thus far. At 20mbps transmission (pretty simple for broadcast since there exists no windowing latency or requirement to immediately re-transmit) the entire blockchain from beginning to end could be broadcast in just over a half hour.
Missed a part due to noise or hiccup? It will be pretty hard for a computer to miss twice in a row over the following half hour. Besides, your CPU needs a ton more time to process that data than it takes just to baldly receive it. :9
@_date: 2016-02-17 03:13:58


No I am not, *you* are incapable of reading. Try it again, and this time try considering how the words mean different things when you arrange them in the same order that I did.
Please do not bother replying again until you can demonstrate comprehension of what I wrote at minimum. Thank you.
@_date: 2015-07-01 01:45:11
I am surprised, Luke. If double spend is already perfectly easy *without* RBF, then what do you even need RBF for..?
@_date: 2015-07-01 18:42:33
0-conf today carries a demonstrable practical risk less than 1:1000. If a buyer **and** a seller choose to put their faith in and expend additional effort (as well as potentially fees) to a third party, how much does that added expense, effort and complication drop their risk?
You seem so worried about a buyer and a miner colluding for their &lt;5% chance of perpetrating a double spend, how many decimal places harder is it for a buyer, miner, and third party notary to all collude? Why should 2 parties colluding over a keno lottery ticket chance of free product be an imminent threat while 3 parties doing the same is suddenly unheard of?
Buyers and sellers *can* work with notaries to reduce risk of buyer fraud marginally, and some do. **Most do not**. For transacting values large enough that even small risk of loss is unacceptable, most people just wait the short time required for conf instead of seeking out notaries, that the client would have had to have pre-emptively locked funds in with anyhow.
0-conf on the network today allows fast, convenient, low risk transactions for virtually every use case that credit cards are presently popular for. No preparation needed, no third party intervention needed, years and years of demonstrated utility.
@_date: 2015-07-02 19:11:08
Just solid enough that if Google perfects the driverless car, they'll all go out of business for not being able to levy traffic fines any more.
To be fair, the tragedy of the commons that nobody wants to vote in tax levies to pay for law enforcement does have at least a small hand in this shitshow.
@_date: 2015-07-01 01:41:17
You made the claim, so why don't you tell us why they would be mutually exclusive instead?
@_date: 2015-07-05 05:43:34


I'm not clear what other method they were using to address things at the time? That link just referred to mining empty blocks, didn't it?
And if there were some clever way we could use to effectively deter mining of empty blocks, then SPV softforks wouldn't be able to get anywhere, either.
@_date: 2015-07-01 22:12:21
I'm in favor of an idea like this, and then Merchants who enjoy today's 0-conf risk profile can just warn customers not to allow RBF or their deposit will be delayed until 1-conf. Customers disabling RBF (and following other merchant rules, such as maximum tx size, etc) can be served at 0-conf after a handful of seconds and a check with trusted double-spend detecting canaries online. :3
@_date: 2015-07-16 20:08:12
Yeah, like mentioned, did the math regarding double-spend likelihoods after a given number of confirmations in [this paper](
Nowhere in that paper does it mention assigning any value to the amount of *time* it takes to arrive at a given confirmation, the only atomic unit of additional security mentioned there is "number of confirmations".
The number X of confirmations is the only variable you need to determine the likelihood Y% that an attacker with an infinite amount of time to try and Z% &lt; 50% of hashing power^1 can eventually outrun an honest chain with their own malicious soft fork and eventually rewrite the history of the transaction in question, pulling those coins back into their pockets.
Some people will opine that X Litecoin confirmations may be less secure than X Bitcoin confirmations by way of expense to take over Y% of Litecoin miners, but an argument of that nature would be canceled in a scenario such as Bitcoin itself (and virtually all of it's mining power) voluntarily switching to a faster confirmation time.
Perhaps that argument would be replaced by "What would the Y% of Bitcoin miners who don't like the change do ..?" but to even attempt a double-spend they would still have to mine Bitcoin and sustain themselves off of the legitimate revenue of doing so, and double-spend attacking would still serve to damage that revenue stream for them. :J
^1 where Z%&gt;=50% double spend ability given sufficient time to outrace the honest chain is guaranteed, and with more confirmations is actually guaranteed after a shorter time.
@_date: 2015-07-05 05:16:42


That doesn't matter because the unknown miner who is going to produce the *next* block, deciding whether or not yours gets orphaned, still has to download your block.
@_date: 2015-07-03 15:52:34


Nooooo, that is just a very nice feature of Bitcoin and one of the cornerstones of it's operation. There exists no edict that any other use of resources (BitID comes to mind?) is somehow automatically deviant or blasphemous.
0-conf transactions are not 100% secure. Of course, *nothing in existance* is 100% secure, the game is to work out a practical *probability* that you will get the outcome you expect, multiply that by how much you would lose when you are wrong, and chalk that up as the **cost** of making a certain security decision.
For 1-conf, 6-conf, 3,000,000-conf etc, that cost is so vanishingly low as to be treated as zero. For 0-conf, that cost is non-zero.. **but still a much lower cost than incumbent credit card networks**.
Thus: unless you have a better idea that merchants and consumers can use today, relying on zero administrative third parties or KYC checks, with no preparation of their funds other than "it's in my standard bitcoin wallet" that allows them at least as low of a risk to transfer funds and instantly be sufficiently satisfied of eventual settlement, then the pie-hole status we need from you today is "shut".
@_date: 2015-07-01 18:51:14
RBF keeps you from doing what, how?
Any two parties who wish to transact 0-conf with RBF are still able to, they would simply face a risk profile nearly as bad as today's credit card network instead of today's risk profile which is quite a bit superior to that.
Honest customers are still honest customers, which merchants cannot be bitten by.
B&amp;M merchants who get screwed out of one coffee by Joe Script Kiddie simply won't serve him any more, plus they've got camera evidence plus his own blockchain evidence of premeditated fraud to use against him if they choose to.
But here's the pinch: 0-conf is not rendered *impossible*, and it is not even rendered *unworkable*.. it is simply rendered *less valuable* than it is today.
In exchange, absolutely zero other aspects of Bitcoin gain any practical value at all.
@_date: 2015-07-01 02:43:32
No, spoken like anybody who understands the envelope of congestion.
Grocier A and Grocier B both sell the same goods. Grocier A gets the most popular because it was there first, people are used to it, whatever. But Grocier B remains functional and never goes out of business: continues selling all of the same goods at the same price.
Grocier A gets *so* popular that all of the checkstands congest every day. Employees fight over whether or not to open more checkstands, but nothing ever gets done so every day more people have to wait longer in line.
So some people start going to Grocier B, and talking about how you don't have to wait there.
Grocier A gets this great idea! Instead of opening more checkstands, we'll let people pay extra to cut in line! It's both engenius, and it will pad Grocier A's profit margin! :D 
Ah haha, haha, ahha.. yea, fuck you Grocier A. I'm not paying you extra when you aren't providing me any extra value. Cutting to the front of a Grocier A line offers zero utility over empty lines at Grocier B, so Grocier B wins, and moreso if they open more checkstands just to show you what a complete moron you have been. But even if they don't, Grocier C has even more of these coveted "checkstands", so after enough failures I am certain *somebody* will figure out how to properly service the public.
@_date: 2015-07-02 18:57:23
The full-RBF crowd leans on the idea that FSS-RBF is somehow "messy" to use to bump a fee.
Does anyone have a link describing how FSS-RBF works, anyway? I'm actually not able to figure out how it would in my head, given that not shortchanging the outputs would infer not short changing the "change" output as well.. so where would the added fee come from? Is the "messiness" discussed having to add a unique, new input for every bump, or something?
@_date: 2015-07-20 00:35:41
I do not think it is healthy to view a merchant accepting BTC through a payment processor as the merchant cashing out, or blaming the merchant for any depression in the currency value.
Because it's *not* the merchant who is cashing out. It's the buyer.
The buyer held bitcoin (either for a long time, as is much more frequently the case tbh, or for a short period only to come in via this entrance for some reason) and then the buyer sold off their bitcoin to get a good or service. *that* is the sales pressure, pure and simple.
That also puts the currency value back under the consumer's control. If you don't want to "sell off" your bitcoin for a good or service, then just match your purchase with a re-buy of Bitcoin. how much is that to ask of you? Hold your own god damned bag instead of getting upset at others for not taking a bag off of your hands.
So instead, I would view a merchant using a payment processor as an inarguably *good* alternative to a merchant not touching bitcoin: they are offering a new way for Bitcoin holders to trade their currency just as "directly" for a good or a service as any paypal or credit card transaction does. And then I would view merchants holding some percentage of their bitcoin sales as simply the next step of support: the merchant *Buying Bitcoin* via the revenues they rely on to stay in business!
I think this is an important perspective to maintain, because otherwise lay-readers begin to start actively hating on merchants who convert back to fiat as though they are some kinds of traitors and thus *worse* than not accepting Bitcoin at all. ;P
@_date: 2015-07-01 00:03:26


I have.
Send money to output X with minimum fee. Restart wallet and clear mempool, internet connection down, wallet comes up and does not realize previous spend was sent. Direct new spend to output Y with double minimum fee. Now allow it to connect to internet.
Until block is mined, wallet continues to show output Y "unconfirmed". Blockchain and every reflector online shows output X. Blockchain doesn't even show a double spend attempt, my attempt to output Y never even makes it that far.
Block gets mined, money goes to output X. Wallet updates when this block gets processed, "to output X, 1 conf".
@_date: 2015-07-01 19:29:54


You've read over a dozen of my replies already. Why must you put words in my mouth? For the umpteenth time, I am not trying to force anybody to trust 0-conf, or to make 0-conf "default" or suggesting that it is the right solution to all transactions. Can you quote me suggesting that absolutely anywhere?
However, **the fact** that 0-conf is so heavily used today proves that the people **already using** it find it quite valuable... **or else they would not volunteer to use it!**
Every alternative to 0-conf that exists today has existed for years, and people still choose 0-conf. Every vulnerability to 0-conf that exists today has existed for years, and while it took malware writers scant months to hunt for private wallets or direct their botnets to mine with the advent of Bitcoin.. even today we scarcely ever see a double-spend because out of the millions of 0-conf delivery transactions per month virtually none of them are worth aiming that kind of fraud at.
Nobody wants to risk jail time over a cappuccino.


RBF doesn't prevent anybody from thinking anything, RBF does precisely dick aside from making fraud easier to successfully perpetrate. Not *so much* easier that it's worse than credit card processors, mind you.. any business accepting CC + 0-conf RBF Bitcoin will still see *lower* losses from the 0-conf RBF transactions than they would see from CC.
Calling RBF safety rails is like calling a school shooting a helpful gesture to reduce gun violence.
@_date: 2016-02-11 01:57:40
Unfortunately that graph is suspect thanks to porting all the code from Sourceforge to Github screwing up most of the historical name references.
For example, [Greg Maxwell soaks up all credit for work done by sirius-m](
@_date: 2015-07-20 00:43:05
For your grandmother: yes, circle or coinbase.
For the porn studio or marijuana dispensary or Backpage or Wikileaks or .. anybody liable to try to send money directly *to* places like this? Coinbase is *well* known to shut down accounts both for being these businesses and even for sending money *to* these businesses, and Circle is beholden to the exact same snoopy and judgmental regulatory bullshit that will necessitate them to begin doing the same.
So, for everyone else there are more DIY solutions.
@_date: 2016-02-11 01:49:27
Lol, so your contention is "new users cannot tell that Classic is not a newer variant of BCCore, written by the same team and endorsed by the Almighty Blockstream Inc?"
How about this then: anybody who can't even tell who made the software they are running aren't responsible enough for me to care which authors they prefer to begin with.
Put another way: if X% of people go to the presidential polls and can't tell between Bernie Sanders and Bernie Mac on the same ballot, so wind up accidentally voting for the one they did not mean to, then they are also too irresponsible for it to have mattered which one they preferred to begin with.
Anybody who pays half a microsecond of attention will know that Classic is simply a fork of BSCore, from different developers, with a rollout plan to allow a 2MB blocksize limit. Anybody who can't tell that might as well be still trying to run a v0.5 node and wonder to themselves why it never updates.
@_date: 2015-07-13 21:23:04
Might be, that's a good thought. :3
Then you can resell your preserves again on Overstock. xD
@_date: 2015-07-12 23:08:43
Since Beauty lies in the eye of the beholder, your assessment of Andrea's looks tell us nothing about her and instead tell us only about your potential aesthetic vulnerabilities.
Reason  not to go commenting on other peoples' looks, even when you think the appraisement is positive and thus could only be welcomed. ;3
@_date: 2015-07-20 09:51:10
bofc, sanity is no fun at all.
@_date: 2015-07-22 00:43:50
I'm sorry, I just boycott anything Mircea Popescu has to say since his attempt to "[virtually rape]( some online personality by trying to pay people to photoshop humiliating pornography of them.
@_date: 2012-10-13 00:50:23


Huh? What can be easily what with GPG, now?
@_date: 2012-08-23 09:49:31
Like BitInstant, but with better accountability.
Account holders would need to know there is legal recourse available to get their assets back should the service shut down. I think in the US there are regulations for shorting, and those would need to be followed to.
Basically, I really don't even know what shorting is, but everyperson says that it helps the economy at large if someone can provide it, and that's why BitInstant was so popular before it's embezzlement woes. :O
@_date: 2012-11-10 01:23:42
Wait a moment,
Wouldn't it just be cheaper to buy a [VPN]( with Bitcoin (deals today, woohoo!) and hit wikipedia through that?
If you're concerned about the VPN tracking you, then simply pass your traffic through tor and exit the VPN. I have to do that just for sites that fail due to the changing IP addresses of my tor exit nodes. :S  Also works great for 4chan, and sites who block tor directly.
@_date: 2015-07-20 01:47:51


Well, I guess my point is that there *has* to be a reason to hold in advance of any meaningful value floor. You do not start by finding excuses to hold, you start by finding utility. And even being a middle-man currency most people only hold for a short time *is* an example of utility.
All of the payment processors and local traders and infrastructure that supports (and thus profits from) all of this trading back and forth to bitcoin? Yeah, *they* have to hold enough balance to maintain liquidity and potentially even to compete with one another.
Thus, every transient bitcoin holder is at least *responsible* for the infrastructure they use being pressured to more permanently hold bitcoin reserves in order to keep earning money off of them.
This is by far not the only mechanism bitcoin is involved in, of course. But it is *additive*.
Every positive way that Bitcoin gets used (and for every one of them, pools of Bitcoin must be held by somebody to maintain liquidity..) *combines* to increase it's ambient utility along with it's durable value floor. Plus every sustainable utility Bitcoin picks up never has to go away. Remittance today? Keep remitting tomorrow while new services flourish. Black market today? Keep trading in secret tomorrow while still more use cases get found.
It may not look like "it only gets better" because of all the false BS like pirateat40 pyramid schemes and MtGox malfeasance that falls by the wayside, and because of all of the worrisome glitches like Mar 2013 hard fork or July 2015 malfunctioning mining pool soft fork that we survive, but when you only measure the things that weren't bullshit to begin with and you consider that a challenge *survived* makes us stronger, then yeah.
Just like the lives of the lion's share of human beings: it only gets better. :3
@_date: 2015-07-04 11:19:15
But that incentive is (demonstrably!) offset by the punishment of accidentally endorsing invalid blocks.
Now actually *forming* blocks with fewer tx and leaving 10 thousand "1 satoshi fee" tx in the mempool to rot, that carries *zero* orphanage risk and allows their blocks to propogate much faster.
@_date: 2015-07-07 04:46:01
Umm....... but if you are not transacting then there exists nothing to wait 30 confirmations after.
If you *were* not transacting and then you transact, wait 30 confirmations. Warning sounds perfectly adequate as is, to me.
Otherwise we could put "if you do not own or interact with Bitcoin, skip ahead .. if you are in fact a giraffe or an inert outcropping of ferrous minerals, then skip ahead (somehow) .. "
@_date: 2015-07-13 18:57:11


You're not selling me on this being a category of people who have much similarity to Andrea Castillo, doe.
@_date: 2012-09-01 08:42:07


I disagree. The ability to cash bitcoin out instantly 24/7 at any atm in the US for a reasonable fee, combined with instant (or even near-instant) point of sale cashout to pay merchants who do not already accept bitcoin is a huge advantage to the economy. I will use the fuck out of this card once I get one, so that my bitcoin wallet can be marshalled at a moment's notice to pay even legacy merchants.
In essense, this helps resolve the chicken-and-egg problem of starting any new currency. Why should consumers get the currency when merchants don't accept it? Why should merchants accept it when consumers aren't spending it?
And why would you even compare this offering to "just spending the USD in the first place"? Why would it be USD in the first place, you nut? I'm sorry for you if every bitcoin you own had to be bought with USD moments before you spent it. The rest of us build up savings in Bitcoin (yes, some of which was bought using USD .. but potentially quite some time ago) and earn Bitcoin directly on bitmit or by selling goods and services or even paid in Bitcoin wages. Do you honestly think being able to spend those Bitcoins we already have virtually anywhere is somehow not a useful thing? :P
@_date: 2012-11-02 02:36:14
Are we talking, like, destroyed electronics which might have contained sole copies of charged wallets? Or, orphaned blocks from communication failures, or..
wat? xD
@_date: 2012-12-10 15:50:10
Just.. generally quoting things from the Matrix.
I didn't want to carry that one on as it would involve flipping you off. ;3
@_date: 2012-12-18 21:20:45
That's more like it.
There's not a thing wrong with specific companies sallying forth where the general community fears to tread, because resisting and insuring against fraud are Hard Problems^TM .
So Congraturation, and best of luck in your endeavors, sir. :D
@_date: 2012-09-18 19:53:14
Of course "Invest" can mean many things, but it mostly breaks down to investing in another company (eg, buying stock) and investing in capitol to do your own business.
Companies do not take out bank loans to buy stock, and if they did one must imagine those companies have some inside trading knowledge that the bank lacks. Nonetheless, in this case a company would be footing the risk for the stock to fail, and not being able to pay back their interest to the bank who normally keeps collateral against default. So the risk profile to the bank to provide a secured loan to a client is way different than playing the market.
Capitol is a personal investment. It sounds like you are suggesting "why should a bank loan money to industry professionals instead of just going into that industry and competing directly?" Again, business is more than bankrolling, you need skill and experience and connections to put that money to profitable use.
@_date: 2012-12-03 02:45:00
Does each satoshi honestly have a unique integer mapped to it?
Also, I wouldn't say "ownership" over those integers, it's not like you have to go track that person down and obtain their permission in order to count contiguously past that number, or anything. ;3
@_date: 2012-12-05 01:09:25
The factors relevant to providing the right advice include:
* Where are you located (country)?
* How much are you looking to buy?
* What payment methods do you have available?
* How soon do you need access to the proceeds?
* Is privacy important?
The fees aren't trivial but you can use a credit card to purchase by using VirWoX where you can buy SLL using your credit card, then trade SLL for BTC:
* [
If you are in the U.S., there is one vendor that apparently is offering to sell via credit card. The coins aren't delivered for over a day but beggars can't be choosers, I suppose:
* 
Quite simply, depositing cash at a bank or 7-11, Walmart, CVS is going to be the fastest and easiest way.
*  (Deposit at major banks, 7-11, Walmart, CVS, Moneygram, etc.,)
*  (Deposit cash at Chase)
*  (Deposit cash at ~~Chase or Wells Fargo~~ I'm told their cash deposit options are offline at present)
*  (Deposit at a bank in U.S., India, Australia)
*  (Deposit cash at several banks)
*  (Deposit cash at a bank in Australia)
*  (Purchase CashU or UKash in dozens of countries)
*  (Deposit cash (USD) at bank locations in Russia)
*  (Deposit cash (NZD) at back locations in New Zealand)
*  (In Brazil using Boleto or Banco Recomendito, or in Russia, using Qiwi or Cyberplat.)
Also, Bitcoins Direct will accept cash, but they have a $500 minimum order size:
*  (Deposit cash at Bank of America, Wells Fargo or PNC, minimum $500)
BitInstant now has an online bank transfer methods which supports a couple dozen countries:
* 
Or you might find a local trade (paying cash):
* 
Or if you are considering a bank transfer, there all kinds of options are available:
* 
(Cribbed from [sgornick](/user/sgornick), who normally posts these boilerplates ;3)
@_date: 2012-11-30 21:10:53
It's easy to snark at them, but what they are probably trying and failing to express is that "we think there is not enough Bitcoin support amongst our userbase to entirely cover our basic operating expenses" and "Due to the steep learning process of using and securing Bitcoin wallets and exchanges, we personally opine that there may never be in the future, either."
@_date: 2012-12-14 11:10:25
+tip 0.01 BTC
"With enough eyes, all bugs (and backdoors) are shallow"
Thanks for saying what I was gonna say absent that. ;3
@_date: 2012-10-29 22:42:47
Yes. Your profit (from my example) would be magnified by one fifth on every sale where the customer pays in BTC.
In addition to the fact that any BTC sale is found money, those customers were not likely to be purchasing from you in Fiat. So that profit is both magnified and from a fresh, if small revenue source.
In ADDITION to any PR push from supporting bitcoin putting you into media driving additional non-Bitcoin sales and general exposure.
So you're right, nothing earns more money from fans than bitter sarcasm. xD
@_date: 2012-09-21 02:04:24


Not really, though. It means that Mt Gox Bitcoin IOUs are trading for 12 USD IOUs. So long as Mt Gox is operating smoothly (in contrast to July 2011), that "IOU" term can safely cancel out of the equation and imply that 1 real bitcoin is also worth 1 real(ish) USD.
Mt Gox presently operates as the anchor exchange, and people look to the rate posted there as "the definitive value of bitcoin" meaning it prices the market. Based upon that, you can trade real bitcoin for real USD at pretty much exactly that rate (plus possible commission) over the counter, or when purchasing goods and services.
It wouldn't take a hacker for MtGox to start trying to FRN either, they could just do that at a moment's notice. But because bitcoin *cannot* be supply-inflated in the wild, there is a direct correlation (over a long timeframe) between their multiplying local accounts and skewing trust (thus relative value) over their IOUs.
For example, there is the permutation where a bank run destroys Mt Gox. See "Pirateat40" to see how that plays out: nobody's naked bitcoins are adversely affected by that action, compared to FDIC insurance in the fiat world which prints new money to fill the gap.
Every other permutation necessarily involves Mt Gox actively avoiding it, by making bitcoin more difficult to withdraw. Withdraw limits, KYC checks, etc. These measures must become stricter to coerce customers not to try to withdraw more than they expect as their multiplier increases, and since customers *must* change behavior to support higher multipliers, these behaviors *must* directly impinge upon trust over Mt Gox's withdrawl mechanism. Short of a run, this is reflected in a dampening of their exchange rate, and it wouldn't take a lot for a competitor to replace them as king of the hill since Mt Gox would be incapable of correcting rate via Arbitrage.
@_date: 2012-06-27 01:27:19
/me shrugs, I've done hundreds of dollars (usd) accepting SLL in exchange for Steam games and TF2 items with close friends. AFAICT, Valve not cares. ;3
But I also have yet to run into a bad deal in my dealings. I make them pay upfront, then I deliver product, then I've never had Linden Labs try to chargeback at me or anything.
@_date: 2012-12-16 02:58:00
I understand your concern, but I think you're comparing apples to oranges. Grocery stores et al aren't asking for my donation, and if they did I'd be perfectly happy to use the excuse "you don't take Bitcoin" not to donate to them. You don't look a gift horse in the mouth, beggars can't be choosers, and their finicky attitude simply proves that they are in no way hurting for funds so my money would be wasted on that effort to begin with. Better to donate to [archive.org]( or [Wikileaks]( or any other people who actually align with a cause I personally resonate to.
I'll give you a different illustration. What if this were culturally, if not technologically 50 years ago and WM posted a "coloreds need not apply" over the donation page? And some rich, white folk offered to launder black people's donations for them so that they could still contribute to the curation of partially decentralized knowledge, even as WM is resisting fully decentralized finance?
I say good on those particular white folk, and no hard feelings at all to those who choose to express their financial approval of WM's positive traits. But WM doesn't need my coin if they're going to be civil rights cowards, or financial rights cowards. I personally choose to hold them to a higher standard than that.
@_date: 2012-05-12 01:48:08
No, you can only spam the blockchain with coinage you control. One would assume, you pay it to yourself (keep it under your control).
This does not alter the age of anyone else's coin. You're the one who keeps renewing the age of your coins, driving up your own mandatory transaction fees.
You'll be paying block_maximum - current global traffic in fees before anyone else will have to start paying *any* fees to compete with you.
It's on par with trying to run up hotel prices by offering double the retail price for every free hotel room in the city, in a city with far below 50% utilization for whatever reason. You'd be paying double on more hotel rooms than anyone else, just to make them *begin* to cough up more dough.
@_date: 2012-08-27 04:35:34
I'unno. Carl Sagan appeared to have a decent mental understanding of exponentials. :3
@_date: 2012-12-23 08:24:21
All it takes to lose something is to once have had it.
@_date: 2012-12-12 14:23:01
I like this idea, too.
QR codes would be impossible to capture in third party photos of you though, what might come through clearer would be a [btc.to url]( :3
+tip 0.01btc
@_date: 2012-08-17 18:11:45
I also am sorry, had just got done trying to reply to [obvious troll]( ;D
@_date: 2012-10-30 17:59:55
I didn't read it that way.
Author claims varying specie of money can serve two purposes. One of those purposes, commonly served by Fiat, is to allow a the public (ostensibly represented by a state) to balance the size of a money-supply to the changing size of the represented economy. Author claims that communities are transforming from territorial to globally distributed (eg, US/China to Steam/Etsy), and that Bitcoin, while a fine commodity-money (like electronic gold), is not the right specie to serve a purpose author thinks is needed, whereby such distributed governmental bodies of the future can continue to curate the money supply in balance with the size of their represented economies.
I don't know if I agree that Bitcoin needs to serve that purpose, that anything does, or that Bitcoin can't. But author is certainly not ruling Bitcoin out as a form of money.
My thoughts:
* Maybe globally distributed governments (from WoW to Anonymous to Reddit) won't need to flex money supplies. I personally know of zero methods to balance any money-supply to an economy without trust in a central party with a significant conflict of interest to abuse their power for short term gain, so I'm not entirely hot on supply-side price control riht now.
* If they did, private scrip is easy enough. WoW gold, linden dollars, Facebook Whatevers, plenty of distributed communities just issue their own currency and call it a day.
@_date: 2012-10-29 22:30:28
yeah, notice we're two different line-items on that list though, separated by capitolization. :3
Additionally, like you'd mentioned before a lot of coiners scrub their personally identifying browsing data, and that would normally include the referrer headers. So are we driving the most traffic to you, or just doing the least scrubbing amongst coiners? ;3
@_date: 2012-12-20 22:48:24
.. and weapons/ammo, depending how hostile this environment is. :/
@_date: 2012-11-05 22:36:49
A&gt; They'd first be forced to legitimize that Bitcoin *has* value, before they could make that specific legal argument.
B&gt; This thread is about a service someone is launching to make money by allowing people to share files. That's the goal. The major twist from MegaUpload and other file lockers is that the payment method is in Bitcoin, and that cascades into a number of other interesting differences (easier impulse pays but smaller audience, interesting legal gray area surrounding the currency itself, easier to keep under the radar giving smaller audience, etc).
So my question to you, do you have any *constructive* feedback, or just dislike OP's project from it's foundation? 
@_date: 2012-09-06 22:20:29


Good call on the "one platform", I had envisioned being able to use the LiveCD in multiple places for convenience sake, but having to audit the bios would at least complicate that plan.


Now keep in mind, I'm talking about an MD5 or SHA-256 checksum, not CRC32. I'm pretty sure you can't fool a cryptographic checksum, or they wouldn't be very cryptographic any more. ;3
@_date: 2012-08-24 22:52:59
trade on [VirWoX]( USD -&gt; L$ -&gt; BTC.
VirWox has the following trade books:
    EUR/SLL	  USD/SLL
    GBP/SLL	  CHF/SLL
    EUR/ACD	  USD/ACD
    SLL/ACD	  SLL/OMC
    EUR/OMC   USD/OMC
    BTC/SLL
So you'll notice they trade all currencies against SLL, and only SLL against BTC.
You can withdraw/deposit L$ directly between VirWox and Secondlife. Deposits from SL -&gt; VirWox have to be made at one of their in-world ATM's, and to protect against fraud VirWoX uses the Linden Labs risk API combined with their own policies to decide on deposit limits. My 8 year old, deeply rooted char has a $50kL deposit limit, for example.
VirWoX also supports Paypal/CC USD funding options, but I have not personally tested those yet, so I can't promise how user friendly they will be. :J
@_date: 2012-12-23 16:00:46
Well I don't live in austria. $33usd is an expensive shirt for me, especially when I can get Cafe Press to do them for ~$22usd, shipping included. :3
@_date: 2012-12-16 04:33:14
Hey, I might shadowban people for making "threats", too. :J
srsly though, what is [doxxing]( I hear the SRS vermin saying that a lot to. Makes me think of Dachunds or Documentation, so I normally just move on past the term. :S
@_date: 2012-05-04 00:18:58
Personally, I am confused why anyone who transfers money doesn't just offer exchange services as well. I mean, even if they can't compete feature to feature with the graphs and actuary charts of the big boys, it would save tons of simple people the step of having to transfer their money an extra step. And how can you not profit from offering the option to those who are impatient? :O
@_date: 2012-10-30 00:08:51
Not effectively it can't, you'll get a netsplit if you cannot reliably deliver a continual stream of data (to be fair, a megabit would be more than enough to connect one half of the bitcoin network to th'other, so long as the mediator was not filtering transactions. :/ ) with a round-trip time less than 5-10 minutes, where the likelihood of forking increases, ruining the contributions of tons of miners in the less-well-served fraction(s) of the network.
The largest fraction of the network would flourish while smaller segments would have trouble getting transactions endorsed, and miners would have a high likelihood of spinning their wheels.
OTOH securing a megabit+ into a poorly served area via microwave links is both a lot easier than securing voice traffic into said area (where a megabit only allows you 15-30 poor quality circuits ;P ) and also my happens to be my field of expertise. :&gt;
Another great thing about the resiliency of the bitcoin network is that it's lazy-mesh. Get a dedicated link to this guy on this side of town, a dedicated link to that guy on that side of town, connect transactors to those guys via any method you want, connect the gateway guys together or not, doesn't matter. Everyone will stay synched due to the protocol and nobody has to care why or how. :D
@_date: 2012-12-13 14:32:52
Market analysis is the new [Tasseography](
@_date: 2012-11-02 02:39:40
Don't forget to check out page two for the spine tingling .. BYLINE xD
@_date: 2012-12-12 13:27:33
[Multi-factor authentication]( is concerned with *three* major factors. What you have, what you know, and *what you are*; this latter being quantified via biometrics.
@_date: 2012-08-24 23:23:24
Because [any headline which ends in a question mark can be answered by the word 'no'](
@_date: 2012-10-29 22:10:38
People who are savvy to bitcoin find it easier to make purchases via bitcoin. Sure, there's not a crapton of us around, yet. But for us individuals, yes the payment opportunity may make or break our being willing to shell out X amount of scratch to listen to some new artist.
Pay by bitcoin, I pull out my smartphone and aim it at the QR code on the screen. Payment made. Compare with CC, where I enter in my name and address and 16 digit cc number, exp date, CVV2, then Visa takes me to a secret squirrel screen where I type in another code. All of that overhead gives an impulse buy a lot of time to cool off and bounce away.
At the end of the day, there are endless outlets to hear music. If you have bitcoin in your hand, you will check in with the ones who accept bitcoin before spending money from a less convenient wallet to get music at other places.
@_date: 2012-11-12 20:57:44
Is this like rolling a natural twenty in DnD?
@_date: 2012-10-20 00:39:04
My issue does not revolve around whether I can trust them to settle disputes; that's merely an edge-complaint. It revolves around whether I can trust yielding control over 100% of my wealth to them 100% of the time.
The present Bitcoin infrastructure frees individuals from that concern in terms of storing wealth and in transmitting and receiving it. But the present infrastructure does not do a good job of securing the non-Bitcoin side of a transaction. I am holding out for m-of-n signing to act as a powerful tool to resolve the "arbiter" issue of which you speak.
Inasfar as investment fraud, keep in mind that a lot of people are spoiled by the mainstream financial system and they have been placing a lot of unsecured trust in individuals they do not have any traction against to force contracts. Why should that be a unique concern to bitcoin? It's never been good practice to engage in business with people whom you cannot sue if things go wrong, without an infrastructure in place to definitively prevent things from going wrong in the first place.
@_date: 2012-10-12 23:46:30
Took me awhile to figure out how to even do that; I don't know what a "uservoice" is after all. xD  But I got signed in through my G+ and didded it. :3
@_date: 2012-06-08 23:14:46
[Better idea](
@_date: 2012-12-21 21:05:25
I am not fond of this video, actually.
* The guys are covering stale points, they're not engaging any listeners in any real novel ways.
* The video editing is terrible, randomly showing a shakycam feed of blurry websites and cutting meaninglessly into the graphics from the venerable "what is bitcoin?" video.
* The hostess is annoying, she clearly doesn't understand the questions she's even asking; she just stumbles trying to regurgitate the questions she's been trained to ask and they cut to her really badly forcing a smile and a nod or a hollow introspective look.
* Terrible audio, you pick up all the foot traffic in the background and they change volume jarringly when they cut from the guys to the hostess. One imagines because they probably didn't film her asking the questions and the guys answering them even in the same take. &amp;
There is less than zero engagement going on, and zero novel or compelling talking points. :(
@_date: 2012-11-17 12:19:35
I am sorry to break this to you, but "[FUD]( is not a term of art, it is merely an acronym for Fear, Uncertainty, and doubt. It does not speak to the motives of the persons who employ or evoke these emotions, and it is normally called out in discussion to clarify that alarm is being raised when there is no credible danger in evidence.
You are very clearly stating that businesses *should be afraid* of legal repercussions and expense if they accept Bitcoin donations. Both you and the EFF clearly state that the legal characterization of Bitcoin is *uncertain* and you personally *doubt* that it is in the best interests of most businesses to have anything whatever to do with them.
Millions of dollars of Bitcoin have been traded, as is clearly evident on the globally public ledger, yet there has never been an event where any business or individual has been prosecuted or sued due to accepting Bitcoin donations. Legal action has been brought against people who allegedly perform illegal acts ([blackmail]( for example) glancingly related to Bitcoin, but none of these incidents are ones which would have played out any differently were the currency in question USD.
FUD does not represent "The truth", it only represents xenophobia. Truth requires evidence to be illustrated, and you are *directly* infering your conclusions from a lack thereof.
@_date: 2012-10-17 22:53:22
Also, buy VISA prepaid cards locally for cash and sell them on [Bitmit]( :3
@_date: 2012-10-24 01:26:52
1. All valid addresses start with a 1. There is an exotic address form which starts with a 3, but I don't think those are actually usable on the main network at present (and may never be).
2. My estimates say 10 char after the one would take 3 years 10 months of my aggregate PC time (My averages based on 7 char addresses taking 12 minutes on average on my nvidia 460) If we were to use Mining as a handy price comparison, my "would take 3.7 years" rig runs about 67Mhash/s.. so we're looking at a computing equivalent of 7.8 quadrillion hashes, which mining network rewards today at ~32.6BTC (entire network running for about 6.5 minutes) and after the halving, is about to start rewarding a paltry 16.3BTC.
But keep in mind that vanity address mining is nowhere near as competitive as bitcoin mining yet, so address miners will charge more and command less efficiency in their equipment for the time being. Another way of looking at things, is adding each additional char to your strict prefix increases the expected price about 58 times.
EDIT: some of my maths was flaw'd, reworked point 2 to reflect. :3
@_date: 2012-12-29 14:57:13
Yep, I think that has helped. :3
The quote about the MIT licence is fairly opaque as well. Not everyone in target audience (Journalists) will be able to immediately recognize why that statement is ridiculous, and might pick at different parts of it to see which one fails instead of rightly perceiving it as almost a troll-like slapstick of cascading failures in logic. ;3
You have to have an idea of how reproduction licences work, and that some of them are open source, and that even among the open source licences there are differences in philosophy, and that one philosophy as well as oft copied licencing style was pioneered by coders at MIT, thus naming that licencing strategy.
Otherwise, the statement does sound to the layperson as though the Bitcoin software or protocol is somehow either owned or legally encumbered to MIT, which is then in turn hyperbolically ridiculed.
@_date: 2012-12-01 01:49:03
But I did not confuse the private key with the bitcoin, I spoke of them as separate entities, just as I did the container and the water it allowed me unique control over. The bitcoin in question is the sum of the unspent outputs, which the private key wields unique control over. It's your turn now, do not confuse the combination of unspent outputs with the private key. ;3
The bitcoin in question is a fully abstract, fully incorporeal entity. Actually so is that private key. But because I had bottled it up uniquely under the thumb of one address, it became unique and identifiable for as long as I keep it there, just as an ounce of water bottled up in a glass. It is administratively divided from all other bitcoins in the blockchain ocean, and remains that way until I allow it to mix back in again.
Just as I can study an ounce of water under a microscope or run it through a mass spec to analyze it's impurities, I can study the blockchain to learn the pedigree of my one, temporarily corralled, unique bitcoin. I can know exactly which blocks it's unspent outputs propagated from, I can know exactly which block notarized the final transaction filling this cup. Those facts are guaranteed never to change until I alter this container by spending from it or by receiving further funds. This temporarily present bitcoin is unique, there has never been another like it nor will there ever be again: just as a given cup of water or breath of air.
@_date: 2012-08-06 00:06:27
Not really, the question is whether a holder of bitcoin has any support beyond the strength of his own vault.
If your computer gets hacked, stolen, or you get tortured for whatever credentials, passwords or brainwallets you have memorized: then what recourse do you, as an impoverished Joe Plumber have to prevent theft?
In the present system, you can store your money in a trusted institution like a bank or a credit union, where economy-of-scale effects support the security of people who group together. If your goods are stolen, you can call upon the government to settle the dispute between yourself and the usurper.
Legal frameworks are required to settle said disputes, and none of them are currently designed to cover purely digital private keys securing potentially vast reservoirs of wealth.
Dispute resolution is not a problem which bitcoin conclusively solves. It deftly avoids many potential disputes such as transaction fraud and counterfeiting. But it puts a heavy security-burden upon the end user leaving them exposed to fraud, malware and theft on scales ordinary citizens can't tolerate.
@_date: 2012-09-06 22:41:10


Fair points. We're discussing resistance efforts against [bios bugs]( elsewhere in the thread.
But I would classify physical eavesdropping as a different tier of attack than fully digital vectors. As the amount in cold wallet increases to a certain threshold, then meatspace security must improve. (for example, 25kbtc justifies an air gap, *and* a decent vault room). I guess I'd like to limit my LiveCD investigation to smaller, merchant-specific amounts then.. such as $1-10kusd equivalent.
Perhaps this even opens up a niche for larger organizations to support "lukewarm" wallets? xD  Faster/easier to access than the cold wallet, but significantly more secure against digital attack than the hot wallet on the webserver and not carrying enough assets to justify a convoluted, covert physical attack? (You know, in contrast to an inexpensive, [blunt physical attack]( :P)
@_date: 2012-10-25 22:44:34
I think people don't want extra types of information to be stored in the blockchain because bloat.
Transactions are small in virtually all cases, and they are naturally prunable: once money has changed hands twice, you can safely forget the intermediaries who once held it. :3
@_date: 2012-07-09 01:58:57
[Yeah]( KONY 2012 bitches! Like my facebook page if you don't want the fluffy kittens to die!
Okay, but seriously, this is nothing but a bunch of contextless quotes about resisting oppression. I am concerned that the people producing videos like this cannot make any specific statements, about what to resist or what specific machinations are occurring, or they'll lose 80% of the crazies who rally behind them (since every conspiracy nut believes different, conflicting myths).
If you want to make a statement about "Look out for specific thing X that is happening", then I'll listen and pay attention. That's falsifiable. If you want to make an even more intriguing statement, about how people can realize their own self expression and autonomy and best practices to resist *any* conceivable oppression as it comes along, then I'll listen to that too. That would be bad ass.
But this is just a bunch of angry quotes from people complaining about conflicting regimes. They are edited together to sound like they are complaining about the same opponent, when that was not their initial intention. And then they don't even clarify *which* opponent they want you to rail against, they leave that MacGuffin blank so that crazies can fill in whatever boogeyman they want.
I am disappoint, friends. :&lt;
@_date: 2012-07-05 00:43:11
I've mentioned in other post, but seriously do not confuse linux with a "secret magic hacker protection" box. Linux is just an OS like Windows. Harder to use and with more security features, but in the hands of someone who doesn't know how to use this tool to secure their assets it won't protect you at all compared to using Windows.
[Linux LiveCD]( is a great suggestion, but it will take quite a bit of effort. The advantage there is less "linux" related and more "live CD" related. You're running an OS that you only run when you want to do bitcoin stuff, so you're proof from viruses and side-band issues like xss.
But even then, you will need good password security for the websites you access online.
Keep in mind, you've no evidence yet that your *computer* or *operating system* has been compromised, only that your account with a website was compromised. Depending on how you had it configured, the only thing protecting your account from a hacker was your password.
@_date: 2012-10-30 02:34:40


So I'll answer here.
Well, the *theory* is that you have a buyer, a seller, and an escrow holder. This is for transactions like Bitmit or OTC or Silkroad where the buyer and the seller do not trust one another enough to reliably complete the transaction. If you run the website and offer the goods, then you'd either need to just build a good enough rep that you don't need to offer escrow, or find a third party escrow provider to keep you honest. Once M-of-N gains traction in the client softwares, I could foresee business sprouting up just to handle Escrow.
So buyer pays Escrow his fee first, then buyer, seller, and escrow build a 3-of-2 multisig address and buyer dumps his funds in. Goods are transacted, and if buyer and seller are both happy then they sign a transaction together releasing the multisig funds to seller. Escrow agent doesn't need to lift a finger when there's no dispute.
When there is a dispute, buyer and seller each craft and sign the transaction they think should happen (normally "I get all the dough", but more complicated spends are possible too) and submit those to Escrow agent along with their evidence as to how the transaction happened. Escrow judges between them and signs the transaction he thinks should succeed. 2/3 signatures makes the transaction valid.
As to "how will the client software actually work" and "what will the gui look like", that's a fine question! It appears as though crafting the GUI is the final major obstacle towards this becoming a more widespread transaction type. :3
[I've been posting]( and chatting with Ferroh and others, trying to work out just how to do it the hard way at the command line. :P
@_date: 2012-10-30 11:58:06
The Mt Gox exchange got hacked in July(ish) 2011, coinciding with a $31/btc bubble. That bubble burst, plus negative PR on the young currency sent the exchange rate down to a low of ~$3/btc 3 months later.
Neophytes have been summing this event up as "bitcoin got hacked" since then, to the continual irritation of those who know better.
@_date: 2012-04-23 08:10:20
I like the answer I read somewhere else by way of second level servers; the proxies will still be in a position to offer transaction fees to guarantee their bulk transactions happen in time to prevent their pools from starving.
In fact, second level services might even resolve the issue in one stroke. Being large investors in the network, they have a stake in investing whatever money is needed to incentivize the miners. If Mt Gox handled, say, 30% of proxy transactions and they marginalized the fees they used in bulk transactions, then they would quickly see miner's turning off machines to cut costs and would be the first ones to calculate how dangerous that might make a network-takeover attack. If they then added fees in (eating the hit doing so) they would rapidly see miners turning machines back on to earn those dividends as insurance to stave off network collapse.
@_date: 2012-11-20 01:04:28
I agree with Liliaceae08. Also of note for VirWoX:
* You do need to establish an (free) account with [Secondlife]( in order to use it.
* They do not trade in fractional units of either USD or BTC. You can do the USD&lt;-&gt;Linden trades directly on SL's website to avoid change at that step, though I think I recall the market rate was better on VirWoX' USD&lt;-&gt;Linden exchange last time I tried. But unavoidably getting change at any step in the transaction is kind of a pain, nonetheless. :P
@_date: 2012-10-27 02:02:16
That's a challenge for him, you can do the same with Paypal (send to some random paypal user's email address).
And it's sad, actually, because it would be nice to use a service like this to send money to people when you don't have a paypal account of your own, or a bank account of your own, or bank2bank transfer is too expensive or difficult. :&lt;
@_date: 2012-08-06 08:16:30


Also more effort to work with in larger quantities. :D Not that I'll ever *personally* need to certify hundreds of mil worth of metal or nothing, but .. I like learning the principals. xD
@_date: 2012-06-13 07:04:45


The way I see it, Bitcoin is backed by scrutiny from miners investing roughly [11.3 Thash/s]( of compute power worldwide — that's over 100,000usd per month in electricity alone (assuming an average of 10Mhash/j and 15cents per kwh), more than any corporate data center or supercomputer project on earth. Cracking this network could net an enterprising saboteur millions of dollars worth assets, which are fairly straightforward to liquidate. And yet for three years of operation, the core network goes unchallenged.
The US dollar has dropped in value for a steady 2-3% annually for most of the last century, mostly by design. Bitcoin has a controlled supply, and growing worldwide demand even though it's present mindshare is virtually non-existant. If only one in a million transactions involve bitcoin today, and the supply isn't changing, what will happen to the unit value when more people wish to transact with it? It will go up. 
Under what possible circumstances could it's unit price go down at this point, short of a successful attack against the core infrastructure or a competing currency with equal transactional utility and matching effort backing it; or deflationary spiral which pre-supposes that it has already rocked other international currency markets?
Remember that hoarding cannot render it illiquid so long as the units remain divisible. If 99% of Bitcoin currency were to be hoarded or lost, the remaining 1% would be no less effective at carrying a currency market of any size.
@_date: 2012-12-27 13:38:33
Hai Steven, I nevar realized you live in Pland. :3 Why not does you have an ad up on Localbitcoins.com? I was hunting for somebody to trade with when I was in town in July, only 2 people there and both were a no-go.
Looks like more people now, but I notice a distinct lack of shwag. :J
@_date: 2012-05-07 20:19:13
So, intentionally obtuse?
Thanks for clarifying.
@_date: 2012-10-08 20:27:01
You can either use VirWoX' builtin deposit methods, or use paypal/credit card on Linden Lab's website. The latter is what I prefer, since you can convert fractional fiat into lindens where VirWoX only trades in integer fiat; but I've never tried buying Lindens with GBP on Linden Labs' website, so I can't speak to whether the experience would be the same through that avenue.
VirWoX is first and foremost a "metaverse currency changer", and Bitcoin is just one of the currencies they've recently began to work in; so keeping an account with VirWoX does require an account on Secondlife as well. You'll need to use their in-world terminal locations both to register your account, and any time you wish to make deposits from in-game linden into your VirWoX linden balance.
@_date: 2012-10-12 22:39:27
[VirWoX]( accepts GBP or EUR credit card payments via Moneybookers. They require you to have a [Secondlife]( (virtual world) account because they rely on SL for their backend authentication and fraud-protection methods, and all currencies trade through Secondlife Linden Dollars as a hub. But for folks already well versed in Secondlife, this is just a handy way to buy BTC with Credit Card when you're too rushed to trade in person. :3
@_date: 2012-12-21 21:25:16
It had to do with scamming the confidence weak spots of a community which grew up around the bitcoin currency. Also with the anonymity and chargeback-proof nature of Bitcoin. But it was in no way unique to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2012-11-30 22:56:11
Summary: There is such a thing as a fluid quantity identifiable as "1 bitcoin", just like "1 ounce of water". There is not such a thing as one durable "bitcoin" whose unique lineage can be traced since it's creation.
Are we all on the same page, nao? :D
@_date: 2012-04-30 20:07:02
Yeah, I would say silver/gold/most precious metals would be difficult to beat as a value store. Personal security can become more of an issue then (anyone knowing you have that shit paints a bullseye on you for theivin, lols) and you'd have to rely on pawns to liquidate.
I don't personally feel BTC has proven itself as a long-term value store just yet. For small balances, for moving money to parties it would otherwise be hard to pay or for receiving person to person money over the internet at low transaction cost and protected from chargeback, it is amazing ...
But the system could come crashing down for any number of reasons (suddenly outlawed, encryption gets broken, hard/impossible to fix flaw in algo gets discovered and exploited, market fails for inexplicable economic reasons it would take a PHD to explain, etc) rendering any coins you hold worthless in an instant. And while that is a disjoint risk from Fiat money failing from malfeasance, I rate it as more risky for the time being and nowhere near as solid as physical possession of precious metals or other forms of capital. :B
But then again I don't tend to keep more than a few months worth of wealth stored anywhere, because I'm a middle class chump. So what I need a value store for? ;D
@_date: 2012-12-20 19:02:43


Look. I want to, say, buy an item or invest or pre-order.. say a BFL mining rig. They use ripple, and 18 degrees of separation exist between us.
* How do I know if I should send them the money?
* How do I know how much they are good for?
* How does my friend or their friend even get involved?
* Do 18 people get phoned at 3am to weigh in on the wisdom of this transaction, or they've already laid a WoT groundwork of past transactions, or what?
* If I pay BFL and they laugh and run off with the funds, what negative consequences are unique to ripple that actually act as deterrent to cheating compared to doing business with an absolute stranger?
* What role does any software play in this framework? Does it just keep track of who is friends with who, or does it also keep track of the success/failure rate of transactions registered to the system, or am I logging into a ripple payment gateway from risk-analysis stage to sending money to providing feedback?
Basically, what in god's green earth are we even talking about here? xD
@_date: 2012-10-01 23:03:05
I second this idea, bitmit delivers. :3
@_date: 2012-09-30 23:12:38
And it's not necessarily easier to get in than out, they each have their own challenges. For example, it's easier to cash out with CC or Paypal than it is to cash in, because Bitcoin is harder currency than other electronic payment methods. 
It's mostly had to cash out *anonymously*, and that's probably because you won't have a pre-existing national network that will deliver physical cash to an anonymous recipient. Existing financial regimes always answer the question of "to whom should the money be addressed?" with a durable meatspace identity; they are not accustomed either by their convenience or in any legal sense to address physical funds to a pseudonym.
@_date: 2012-08-21 01:33:23
EDIT: At least if they want ME visiting, it will be xD
@_date: 2012-10-18 04:11:11
Yes, this! I am too far away for the baked goodness. T-T
@_date: 2012-11-17 22:31:53
$ du -sh '/cygdrive4 dead 2'
20G     /cygdrive4 dead 2
$ du -sh '/cygdriveUniverse Online'
20G     /cygdriveUniverse Online
Maybe just nobody plays those ones? I dunno, man. x3
@_date: 2012-10-08 20:41:12
Pfft, that is a misleading spin on botnet miners.
That's a difficult thing to explain to a reporter, methinks. They make it sound like counterfeiting, when really it is an immoral jackass burning other people's GPU time and electricity to perform honestly valuable work for which they get compensated. They steal the resources to perform the work, but the work itself is entirely legitimate, and nothing like counterfeiting.
@_date: 2012-10-05 03:35:16
Do him one better, and point him in the direction of someone who'll [sell him a shirt]( xD
@_date: 2012-11-09 23:34:04
In addition to what manfromnantucket1984 says, with blockchain.info's wallet, you "create an account" only by creating the wallet, with one or two forms of password, and optionally linking it to services like dropbox or google drive to keep the encrypted wallet file backed up in case of emergency.
Also, you are not technically yielding your bitcoins to blockchain.info. Instead, you are running a thin client in javascript in your web browser which creates and manages your wallet and addresses locally. The wallet file never exists in a decrypted form on blockchain.info's servers, and they don't want it there either, for liabilities sake.
This is a fairly new service model, also adopted by cryptocat and lastpass, where client data is encrypted and decrypted by local javascript or browser plugins, and only handled in it's encrypted form by the service provider. When done properly, this means service provider cannot eavesdrop on your data, and your data can be backed up elsewhere so that you retain access to it even if provider blows up in a nuclear holocaust.
The only Achilles heel I see is that it's more challenging for a client to securely verify proper handling. EG, you've got to trust that the javascript you are *running* is secure, and has not been tampered with.. either by the legitimate provider or by a sneaky MITM attack. But it's still a smaller  and trickier attack surface than a simple web wallet. :D
@_date: 2012-10-12 22:16:20
Several strategies present themselves, with their own pros and cons (most cons being implementational challenges).
One is coinbase+user 2-of-2 as you are insinuating. If you prepared an implementation where the user needed to sign a partial transaction to do a withdrawal where Coinbase had to countersign to complete it, then hackers pwning Coinbase could not withdraw the coins without further inducing each user to sign off on a withdrawal transaction to a destination address the user would not be familiar with.
That works great in the "help me hold onto these coins" industry, but in an exchange you'd need to release coins under other circumstances too (like usd exchange, new owner gets some of the balance) which would quickly render approaches directly involving the user potentially unmaintainable.
Another approach is m-of-n where coinbase splits up the secret keys to multiple, perhaps even geographically distributed locations. Say, 3 safe deposit boxes in three states where at least two of them have to be available when funds have to move about. This relaxes access concerns, if one site is compromised or one set of keys completely lost, you still have enough auth to re-roll the wallet. If one site is temporarily unavailable, spends can still be made. But a minimum of two sites must be compromised before funds could be stolen. 
@_date: 2012-12-11 04:27:17
I disagree with gmaxwell. I think that the Bitcoin ecosystem has a limited window of opportunity available to it to be able to gain valuable traction in the public eye. Bitcoin represents the largest and most powerful network of it's kind today, but while it is small it's relevance can be challenged not only by a 51% attack, but by any competitor firing up a sufficient mining network (even if less than 51% of Bitcoin's size) and endorsing their network with more user friendly software overnight. Perhaps it has all or enough of our feature set to gain adoption, perhaps it touts incompatible features which would explain the fork. Perhaps they're skipping our 4.2GB of legacy blockchain to kickstart their own performance, too.
That's why full node support may not be as big of a vulnerability to us as merchant adoption is. A competing, well funded, technically comparable payment system could deflate the value of all the wealth we have stored with Bitcoin very rapidly by stealing our thunder. 
Additionally, think of it this way: Light clients exist. We owe it to end users to have the choice of which client or wallet they want to use. I don't think it's our business to withhold or obfuscate possible options just because we're afraid they will choose not to carry a full node. If we try, we are guaranteeing end-user frustration and hurting our public credibility when users find out there were clients which suited them better all along, and that we were witholding those options for potentially selfish or elitist reasons.
In contrast, if we outlay all of the options on the website, I think there will still be lots of users who make the *informed* decision to fire up a full node client, perhaps even using a lighter wallet to test funds transfer while waiting for the sync.
Am I in support of SPV-hybrid-until-full-sync or UTxO? Hell, yeah that sounds awesome. :D  Once that's in the code, I'd run out of objections to only pushing the reference client again. But that's got to be at least a year in the future, and we've got a limited window on hard-earned public credibility today. :/
Another thing to keep in mind, once the reference client has been made able to use out of the box again and we can start omitting alternatives which lack basic usability dominance, then we'll start picking up greater numbers of full nodes again. It's not like endorsing a light client for a short period will forever sabotage our full node participation, it's easy to get back in that saddle once our flagship software is ready.
@_date: 2012-11-17 23:15:03


But this is blatant misrepresentation, and you know it. I don't know EFF's motives behind the press release, if they are simply explaining their unique caution or "politely" urging all other parties not to do something they happen perceive as blatantly illegal and immoral.
But whatever their motives, you've got a lot of nerve to extrapolate one quotation of "raises untested legal concerns" into "Any lawyer or accountant with half a brain knows that Buttcoin will drive you out of business just prior to getting you clapped in irons".
So, I ask you for the third time: **What specific legal concerns does it raise?** Literally, what law could you even be charged with as an otherwise legally-abiding business for accepting a Bitcoin donation via Bitpay? What legal profile does Bitcoin cut for said business that distinguishes it from cash? How are the tax or accounting laws in any way non-obvious when you're offloading all Bitcoin-related concerns to a processor like Bitpay, and denominating your prices in USD and receiving only USD?
You're sitting over there saying "any business would be legally vulnerable to attack" and going as far as quantifying cost/benefits of the risk of this hypothetical legal attack ("They'll never earn enough money to cover their legal costs") without even giving a single example of what kind of attack would even be plausible. 
@_date: 2012-10-15 00:21:05
I have to say "no" on each of the bullet points you've presented, enmaku.
Not that those points can never be met, nor that every one is far from being met, I think each one is close to being met in some dimention or another. But since we haven't hit threshold in *any* of them yet, I had to vote "not close" out of the poll options you presented.
* It's not secure enough. The risks are, today, too high for people below the rank of blackbelt security experts to maintain a wallet and keep their coins safe, IMO.
* It's not easy enough. Convenience works against security, all things being equal (and the solvent to gain them both is "better tech"); but Bitcoin gains all it's power from being a decentralized currency and today the closest approaches to "easy" wallet software for newbies is blockchain.info's incredibly powerful app, which only gains convenience by centralizing the process.
F/E, several months ago when blockchain.info was down a ton of it's wallet users freaked out; they could not move or access their money and many of them did not have their wallets backed up, and nobody even knew if BCI was down for the count. BCI pumped up promoting their backup features in a beautiful way since then, but without sister centralized wallet sites to pick up the slack, even users with backups will be dumped into the fire of running a less convenient wallet app during the downtime.
Compare with making someone drive stick who is used to manual. It's just asking too much for anything good to come of it.
* The extra-Bitcoin infrastructure sees another catastrophic failure every 2wo weeks; most recent I am aware of being the GLBSE debacle. Us "shiny feature" pushers do so for exactly this reason: we *need* features like m-of-n signing and assurance contracts to *take the place* of centralized, feudal solutions such as Law Enforcement as a first line of defense to keep average users safe while they transact with unknown online entities.
It's easy for us jaded folk to say "I knew that was a stupid idea all along", in reference to GLBSE or Pirate or Bitfloor hack (by way of "leaving currency on an exchange too long"), but Bitcoin needs a way you can commit currency to a transaction short of binary transfer. When someone wrongs you, we aren't at a place where the law can be invoked to avenge us. Many transactions are resistant to legal enforcement to begin with, by way of being either outright illegal or unpopular.
We need tech like m-of-n escrow to give Bitcoin the flexibility it lost when we decided against the "chargebacks" solution electronic fiat USD favors.
* Are there adequate resources for average people to fill in the gaps on their own?
ಠ_ಠ  How can I put this politely? Average people are lucky to understand how to use the web browser on a PC. The gaps to building novel bitcoin usage chains involve coding skills which rival patching the Linux kernel.
If it's beyond my 30 years of computer experience, it must be beyond "average people", too. We're waiting for some expert(s) to make the equivalent of lego sets out of basic Bitcoin tools, for mortals to rearrange into personalized solutions.
@_date: 2015-07-01 18:26:50
Or put another way your measurement would **guarantee** that 95% of 0-conf spends **absolutely cannot** be reversed — in theory *or* in practice. The other 5% would be *at risk* for reversal *only if a bad actor took the chance at just the right time*, and if the bad actor submitted his doublespend *directly* to *every* RBF miner in order to bypass being dropped by FSS intermediary nodes.
I cannot understand why you appear to be incapable of appreciating the immense value of a 95% safety guarantee, and why you would instead seek to gut that.
In contrast, incumbent payment networks proudly offer a *0%* safety guarantee, as virtually any buyer can reverse virtually any transaction or transactions weeks and months after the fact.
@_date: 2015-07-01 19:43:49


Then who is this mythical attacker, Santa Claus?
A majority of 0-conf delivery is brick and mortar, because that's about the only way a buyer can walk out with product in less than 10 minutes and where waiting for 1-conf would take unacceptably long prior to delivery.
How can one attacker order so many cappuccinos at so many starbucks around the world, and reverse every charge in less than 10 minutes each, to do more damage than any one person calling "lost or stolen" on one credit card after a 3 month shopping spree could possibly do?
It sounds to me as though you have a completely ludicrous scenario in mind as punishment for the FSS crowd's hubris. Some Pirateat50 character talks thousands of online merchants into trusting him on 0-conf to commit some multi-million usd transactions to him. How would these even get delivered? Even if you *wanted* to, how the hell could you put a million dollars of value into somebody's hands *over the internet* in such a way that the value is irretrievably gone in less than 10 minutes?
The closest thing I could think of would be a crypto-to-crypto exchange, but what exchange does *any* business on 0-conf? They all make you wait 2-6 conf to credit any deposit, so far as I can tell.
I want to clean this cobweb out of your mind: **I am not advocating 0-conf as the only kind of transaction possible** or anything ridiculous like that. I am only advocating it as invaluable for certain niches, such as B&amp;M retail and online subscriptions (which can be easily canceled after the fact in case of fraud), and cases like that. Those are the only cases where 0-conf is relied upon today already, and it makes no sense to increase risk to those people with zero return on investment.


Because it also has no positive effect when the buyer is trusted. It makes a fraud pay off more reliably and does nothing good for any other party.
@_date: 2015-07-29 23:30:29
I'd prefer Amazon just sell you the BTC directly for your card. ;)  While I don't doubt your sort of case happens sometimes, I don't think it happens to the tune of multiple millions per annum that Ver is talking about in TFA.
I'm pretty sure most of the volume is fraud and that whoever travels that turnstyle (especially on the buying products via BTC end) is going to wind up on the hook for receiving fraudulently purchased merchandise.
@_date: 2012-08-28 23:46:48
Another important thing to keep in mind is that, while the bitcoin currency can be subdivided down to the Satoshi (1x10^-8 bitcoins) not all services or exchangers will allow subdivisions that small.
For example, [bitfloor]( presently only allows you to trade in 1/100's of a bitcoin (oft refered to as "bitcents"), and my other favorite exchange [VirWoX]( only lets you trade in whole bitcoins.
But that is the choice of how those merchants wish to transact, and is not a limitation in the core currency or protocol themselves.
This is also helpful since we expect the value of a single bitcoin/unit to go up quite a lot from it's current $11usd valuation. We'd like to see $1,000usd per bitcoin some day, and then everyday trades will take place in milli-bitcoins (1/1,000) or µbitcoins (1/1,000,000) for liquidity's sake. :3
@_date: 2012-11-02 02:11:28
AND the religion.
.. 
AND paying the whores. ;3
@_date: 2012-10-03 20:15:11
"snowballing slowly" is an oxymoron though. 
I prefer the term "inexorable". I challenge you to struggle more slowly, world economy. I don't want this to be over *too* quickly. ;3
@_date: 2012-09-07 20:20:40
Do you have a Wells Fargo in your area?
Keep in mind, 4% is at a bank. At a CVS, Wal-Mart or 7-11 you'll also pay Moneygram and Zipzap and other intermediaries to the tune of $4.
@_date: 2012-10-14 23:38:29
That's higher than my half of my state (east of the mountains), also pop in the 300k range and I'm the only node here. :D
@_date: 2012-10-31 22:19:45
What Todamont means is, do not fool yourself into thinking that 2.7mil is pure profit. There are teams of people competing against each other, and against the white hats and authorities to perfect their art of scamming, conning, lying, circumventing, blackmailing, extorting, and that competition probably extends right into physical violence behind the scenes — just to wrestle control over other people's insufficiently protected compute resources for illicit gain, to divide up amongst the wolves (most vicious of course commanding the highest cut).
Only if you have all of the above skills — paramount among them being clever and cold-hearted viciousness and a fire under your ass to out-con every other con — are you going to be less comfortable living paycheck to paycheck than always watching your back for a knife to net a thin margin over 2.7mil per annum.
@_date: 2012-10-18 23:47:11
But it's unlike Bitcoin, in that you have some measure of control over whether your Bitcoin funds go missing by way of The Sweat of your Brow and by practicing responsible information security.
Your Paypal funds go missing if Paypal decides they look tasty enough, and they don't consider you likely to hassle them measurably over the theft. With clauses like this, the barrier to theft has been lowered.
@_date: 2012-09-19 11:10:32
Well, I was asking if they had ballpark power requirements for their BitForce Single ‘SC’ 40 GH/s. I understand they are probably optimizing those presently, but even an upper bound (such as what their prototypes are doing now) would let us know whether it fits our profitability forecasts or not; since the finished product is not likely to consume a magnitude more power than the prototype. :P
B&gt; were they considering any rack-mount form factors?
C&gt; if we got an order in at date X, how badly might that delay us in line after the oldest preorders begin shipping?
These questions might not be directly relevant to other places offering ASIC, but if you could point me in the direction of anyone else I'd give them a look. I've heard of "bASIC" previously, but that's too vague of a keyword to google. :(
@_date: 2012-07-21 01:16:35
"whois 107.18.141.116" tells me that IP address belongs to ATT Wifi services. Did you use an AT&amp;T Wifi hotspot to access your gmail, through smartphone or laptop during the period it mentions that?
@_date: 2012-12-22 10:48:23
I would opine that those who came into bitcoins cheaply, either by mining (and especially early mining where the investment costs were low) or luck or whatever, are more likely to treat their wealth foolishly for certain. Some might even feel disconnected from wealth they never properly register as having actually earned. Still more might imperfectly register the wealth as "belonging to the community" and seek to invest in bitcoin start-ups without a sufficiently scrutinous eye (thus, to be honest, harming the community by feeding the malfeasant).
But those scams undoubtedly hit and hurt even those who traded their blood and sweat and fiat for Bitcoin as well. Those probably have a stronger sense of ownership and responsibility for their wealth, but unfortunately that's not a perfect razor against clever fraud. T^T
@_date: 2012-12-10 15:18:38
It's only not secure if someone hacks their SSL certificate or if someone pwns the website.
Such a someone would be in an equally powerful position to hack bitcoin.org or the download page for any other lite wallet software, and feed backdoor'ed versions of the apps to new users. 
I'm not trying to say javascript wallet is *exactly* as secure as a downloaded copy, just that the attack surfaces are similar. JS wallet exposure is anyone accessing their wallet during the attack window, download exposure is anyone downloading their software during the attack window.
Another vote is that BCI supports it's smartphone app, which does not rely on javascript crypto. I think a majority of users will be using their app this way. I barely ever use the website, myself. It's simply a nice convenience to have that as an option. :3
@_date: 2012-12-12 16:17:02
No, my point is that that would not significantly resist a rainbow attack. The success of a rainbow attack keys almost directly on bits of entropy present in the password, and including personal data does not provide many bits of entropy. Even people who do not know you can (and probably do) use the same building blocks said data is built out of (names, numbers, domains) in their combinatuers, and personal information has a use-frequency which genuinely randomly selected dictionary words lack.
@_date: 2012-12-16 04:54:13
Hey, don't be discouraged from finding some price match examples where BCS might be losing out to other folks. Price undercutting one of BCS prime directives. :D
Then even if it is just you you can wax about it in some TIL interestingitude. Win/win. :J
@_date: 2012-08-02 02:33:45
You do not, you are depositing cash directly into an account held by bitfloor. So bank doesn't need to know what the money is for, and you don't need an account there.
Follow the instructions on Bitfloor website, most notably get a photo of your deposit receipt and email that (I use my phone cam :P) to support from the email account your signed up with.
@_date: 2012-10-31 23:18:52
Ack.. ACK ack!!! &amp;
@_date: 2012-09-07 19:57:41
In any air-gapped cold wallet, this communication is handled by sneakernet.
Cold Wallet software exists on a computer which has literally never touched a network. It generates thousands of addresses, keeps the public keys safe and far away from any network traffic, and exports the public addresses. Some people transport the public addresses away by usb key, some scan QR codes displayed on the screen, some print off the addresses and either manually type or OCR them back into a network enabled computer.
Public addresses are entered into a database available to the public webserver or vending station, and one address is published per customer transaction. Revenue is collected by these addresses, which can only be spent again using the private keys in the airgapped cold wallet computer. Expenses (including automatically handled expenses such as account withdrawals) are tendered from a Hot Wallet which is network connected, and more vulnerable to attack but only holding a marginal percentage of the wealth. Business should keep enough in the cold wallet to remain solvent at all times.
Cold wallet can collect revenue without connection to internet. Cold wallet's balances can be checked from bitcoind's running on the regular network. Aside from publishing fresh receiving addresses, the only other time the Cold Wallet must be accessed is to spend money from that wallet to the Hot Wallet, or to any other destination you desire.
You prepare the transaction you intend on a network enabled computer, then transport that transaction which is normally less than 1kB of data manually back to the cold wallet computer. You pore for a moment over every detail of the transaction to make sure it is not corrupt, mistyped, etc; and then the Cold Wallet computer signs the transaction and you manually transport the signed data (also &lt;1kB) back to daylight.
This method is highly secure, but also sufficiently inconvenient that even well meaning people strapped for time can look for corners to cut. Rowan at Bitfloor cut corners by using a LAN-firewalled wallet instead of a cold wallet. He cut corners by using an unencrypted wallet file, and relying on his lan firewall and encrypted drive (which he kept backed up) to save him. He cut corners again by leaving a copy of that unencrypted wallet file on a regular drive after an upgrade, either forgetting it or again trusting his firewall too much in a rush. This narrative relies completely on what he has admitted; of course... whether it's really what happened, or it simply holds up to public scrutiny, it is sufficient malfeasance to lead to 24kBTC being thieved in an instant.
I am ~~offering~~ recommending a hypothetical LiveCD solution as an option for smaller clients who do not make enough profit to justify the time and physical security inherent to a cold wallet setup, but want 99% of the digital security available to them. (aka shoulder surfing is not a realistic attack vector for them compared to people in another country gaming them remotely). LiveCD's benefits would include being able to use a shared partition to transport addresses and transaction requests and signed transactions with minimal surface area to malware or to leaking data you do not mean to.
LiveCD would actively disable and sabatoge ability to use any network connections while it is running, because that is not a method it is intended to communicate under any circumstances whatsoever. :3
@_date: 2012-11-17 00:50:08
The blockchain weighs about 4.5gig today. Modern games on steam weigh in at 20gig. I don't think people are complaining about the 1-2 hours it takes to fit that data down a network pipe, they are complaining about the week it takes for the download to complete due to bottlenecking behind terrible disk I/O.
@_date: 2012-10-29 00:42:01
I wish I knew more about the AML that might apply, here. AML should not harrass the bank when a business allows cash deposits, bank knows their customer and it's the business. AML should only apply against the business itself, since it's their responsibility to know their downstream customers.
@_date: 2012-07-31 22:24:29
It is pseudonymous, which is a trivial step or two from convenient anonymity. The practical use cases where bitcoin shines are in reliably transferring value online without having to disclose your identity in the process.
It cannot compete toe to toe against fiat systems until it has already reached a critical mass of adoption which makes it comparably convenient to use. I personally look forward to that day, but in the meantime the most growth potential is in either generous gestures to trade as OP is doing, or else in areas where this currency directly outperforms fiat.
@_date: 2012-12-27 13:52:06


Really? Just for saying "we're not a scam" in the headliner? How would this in any way distance this advert from any advert which *is* a scam, and takes pains to claim that they're not?
@_date: 2012-08-18 00:04:20
Say, you know what I wonder?
Could someone use Bitmit's escrow service (or any other well-respected escrow service) to theoretically short with?
@_date: 2012-09-13 01:20:01
At me, or at self-reassembling machine with very funny retardation? :&gt;
@_date: 2012-11-30 03:18:45


But see, the trouble there is that any centralized mining system loses all benefits Bitcoin would otherwise have. When you want centralized control over a digital currency, Bitcoin cannot outperform a simple central ledger (which is what most banks use today).
The only thing Bitcoin really offers beyond that is decentralization. Bitcoin requires a cloud of users to maintain a full copy of transaction history, and verify transactions by battling over difficult cryptographic problems using more resources than any attacker could ever bring to bear, for the sole purpose of guaranteeing that no one entity can control the system. So that any pair of people can transact, without any third party having the capability of interfering and without either involved party being able to welch or counterfeit.
It's a brilliant system, but as soon as you trust a single centralized authority all of those benefits vanish. Then you are best suited to lowering the cryptography to simply proving your identity to the central bank. Removing the cryptographic mining altogether, and the central bank just prints and destroys currency at it's whim. Because if it controlled mining, nobody could stop them from doing the same anyhow.  Now you don't have to wait 10 minutes per confirmation or 6 confirmations for paranoid security, you just submit your transaction to the central bank and it can clear immediately in their regular database.
@_date: 2012-08-19 22:13:37


Among his most valuable assets to cash out are the market's concerns about what he's going to do next. By announcing closure before a weekend, and liquidating on a Sunday with the banks closed (everyone can sell, few people can buy) I hypothesize that he is driving coin prices down as quickly as he can with the least expense to himself.
This hypothesis is supported by $100kbtc transferred yesterday, Mt Gox sell-side sales volume increasing by 5 figures in BTC, Mt Gox leading the price dip and the charts show sell volumes on Gox come in cleaner intervals than they are on the other markets. All the other exchanges are following, but they lag behind Gox on the descent. There exists an individual who is buying as much MtGoxUSD as they can rapidly get, taking breaths to get the best prices in a short (I think 24-48 hour) time frame, and traders are slow to propagate those price changes to tinier markets.
Furthermore, loads of people who want to buy in simply can't until tomorrow (they don't know any cheap ways to get USD into a market on a Sunday like I do; PayPal or CC -&gt; Linden Labs L$ -&gt; VirWox and panic buy there. Great deals, too! xD) so this is the best way to make the market slingshot, as the price will shoot up again (however temporarily) Monday Morning when the banks in the US open (influence starting slowly at 6am EDT, picking up the most steam around noon EDT). 
This gives Pirate a unique opportunity to cash in his celebrity by orchestrating a Sunday market bounce, whereby he can buy back coins at the lowest possible price (between now and 6-9am EDT tomorrow), and multiply his holdings without really being beholden to pay those holdings back to anyone.
He could just vanish and let news about his not paying people back leak through the market lazily, but then he wouldn't be cashing out on his fame along with his coin. :3
@_date: 2012-12-19 20:04:05
I still don't know what is a ripple (and I also hear "open transactions" thrown about in similar discussions). I checked the Wikipedia page, which laid a very high level overview of the philosophy on par with describing bitcoin as "related to cryptography". I checked the homepage, which just wanted me to log in and explained nothing else.
@_date: 2012-12-13 00:36:19
Well, doesn't every forwarding node have to do that work? That work is in no way unique to mining, that's just the standard operation of the Bitcoin-qt client.
Furthermore, that work is in no way related to the size of a block. You have to grok pretty much all unconfirmed transactions, just to see which ones you want to include in a block (and/or forward), regardless of whether you've a gigabyte available to you or 48kB.
@_date: 2012-08-24 23:13:16
OP is bluffing, or he would deface the site like a true mentlegen.
No true proof of pwnership like a good tagging. :P
@_date: 2012-11-30 21:43:56
I don't know, if I were a miner I would accept all the open transactions on the network, plus any proposed transactions notarized by orphaned chains, in chronological order of when they appeared in that chain.
Any which are valid (spending less BTC in the orphaned chain than their current balance on the long chain) would succeed, any which are invalid wouldn't make it into the block I am trying to mine. Thus, I would reap their fees by re-adopting their transactions into the legit chain. :3
@_date: 2012-06-07 00:33:55
I'unno, about as often as I give out a business card. Slightly more often than I use a fire escape to legitimately escape from a fire.
Also, I noticed [this guy]( posting in another thread, shortly after I replied to you yesterday. 
I'm just saying, no reason to prevent folks saving a step on impulse transactions, no reason not to allow folks to show a badge confirming their participation in the ecosystem. :3
@_date: 2012-11-08 23:23:23
I don't see that in archive.org
@_date: 2012-04-30 01:16:18
Yep, I see paypal listed there. Just another couple of quick things worth mentioning:
* Fees do look pretty steep. $10 flatrate for Paypal, for example.. youch! Not conducive to moving small transactions, which I imagine folks are going to want to do while warming up to a service.
If the delays are low however, still a tool worth knowing about. Were it me, I might lowball the fees and take a hit (perhaps promotional discounts) shortly after launching and establishing a rhythmn, to help encourage some startup volume and demonstrate your reputation. 
* SSL: get it. There are free SSL services, the Rock Trading apparently uses and advertises [StartSSL]( Make it easy for customers to ramp into SSL before they start entering any sensitive data, or ideally redirect all non-SSL pages to SSL.
Building up trust for yourself as a merchant is hard enough .. but why trust everyone who could potentially be eavesdropping on the connection between here and there? xD
@_date: 2012-10-31 22:26:54
Botnet mining invades the security and autonomy of other computer users, stealing their compute and electrical resources to generate the hashing power for which our network compensates them.
Firstly, if one administrative realm of botnet miners hits 51%, they have every incentive to counterfeit by way of double-spending.
Secondly, they can out-compete legitimate miners by way of leaving innocent victims the power and hardware bills. Thus, they do not have to maintain an efficiency rating one would normally consider "profitable", and can push other miners into unprofitability.
Thirdly, all of their proceeds can be re-invested in perfecting their techniques to defeat security, making your and my jobs of securing our own computers more challenging. Security is not a black and white issue, it is always investment to secure vs investment to attack. Mining helps to enrich botnet assets to allow them to attack more secure systems, like ours.
These are the reasons that a botnet is dissimilar to a mining pool, or cloud mining or corporate or government mining.
@_date: 2012-12-16 03:01:05
Fair idea, but this actually isn't where my mouth is. [Here's a quick summary]( of my opinion on the matter, though.
I'm glad Bitpay is doing what they're doing, and I celebrate all those who pitch in through that underground railroad for expressing *themselves*, but WM doesn't need my funds if they're that concerned about how they get delivered.
@_date: 2012-09-13 00:23:54




@_date: 2012-10-13 09:12:15
Gastro-intestinal distress, of course! :O
@_date: 2012-10-13 10:19:08
Woohoo! I must have been one of them two cases, then!
(Spoiler, it worked out rather well, tyvm. :D)
@_date: 2012-09-29 08:25:33
You can lie on the form. If Store employee asks you for ID (they never have me), I would just say "Damn, I didn't realize I would need one. I didn't bring any.." and be politely frustrated for a few moments in case they fold, and apologize and exit if they don't fold.
Otherwise, Moneygram charges $3.95 on top of BitInstant's fees. The only reason I can see you would ever do this at all would be if you don't have a Wells Fargo or Chase in your area, or you can't visit during banking hours.
First off, you can deposit money at [Bitfloor]( without even being asked for any ID information. Follow [their instructions]( (click "deposit" link on left nav), there are zero fees to deposit USD and maximum 0.4% fee to trade.
If you don't want to trade on Bitfloor, then BitInstant also allows deposits at Wells Fargo and Chase, and in that case there's still no ID check, you do pay BitInstant's fees which are higher than Bitfloors but you do not pay the extra Moneygram fee.
I think when Lady Bytes posted her video, she wasn't aware that Bank Deposit was an option. :3
@_date: 2012-12-31 19:01:14
At the end of the day, dividends that cannot beat the commodity price index are probably not sound investment choices, regardless of the instrument or the money you try to price it in.
Bitcoin is a commodity money. Holding X bitcoin isn't too different from holding Y oz of Gold. If Gold or Bitcoin is outperforming Healthco stock, then it's my prerogative as an investor to put my money where it will grow the most reliably or to purposely sacrifice money investing in a cause that I believe in.
Choosing to price a capitol investment, such as Healthco in an inflationary currency as opposed to against a price index or a currency with a stable supply is dishonest at best. Just because your stock will be worth, say twice as many rupees next year as this year should not be a selling point if the only reason why is that rupees lost 66% of their purchasing power over that timeframe.
@_date: 2012-10-25 23:15:28
legally. x3
@_date: 2012-07-16 19:19:23
I have all these kilos of drugs lying around
But need to win the lottery to liquidate them
@_date: 2012-11-16 23:09:30
Except the third party only holds the escrow funds until the transaction is complete, and then they are irreversibly transferred to the merchant (or refunded to the purchaser if product never ships).
Credit card companies, paypal, and their ilk can chargeback literally whenever the hell they feel like it. Buy a widget today, get the widget tomorrow, Paypal freezes your account and confiscates your ENTIRE balance with them 6 months from now. Just because "fuck you".
For further protection, Bitcoin allows you to do multisig escrow where third party never has direct control over your funds, and out of the three of you (buyer, seller, escrow) two have to agree to release the funds in any given fashion. This means, for many transactions escrow can be automated. This means if buyer and seller agree on successful transaction or refund, escrow agent doesn't even have to perform another step to complete the uncontested transaction. They only get involved when there is dispute between buyer and seller. This also means Escrow agent is not holding hot funds they must fear hackers attacking them over.
So.. How is this like a credit card company again? 
@_date: 2012-12-29 13:41:14
I am a fan of bitmit's escrow system, perhaps you should meet op there. :3
@_date: 2012-12-11 19:58:28
[Already a meem]( :J
@_date: 2012-12-09 12:46:49
If you believe that Bitcoin is only meant to be procured by mining, then you are very much missing the point.
It is called "Mining" for a reason. Just because you see people using gold coins as a currency does not mean that they are all mining fresh gold. A vast majority of them buy and sell it instead. Besides, if it was simple for anyone to mine Bitcoin or gold or anything, then what trade value would it possibly be left with? 
Look at it this way: Bitcoin mining and metal mining alike is a business whereby you compete with other miners to convert your own, expensive work into prizing new material from the ground. For the very skilled and the very well capitalized and the very lucky, they can do this to get new currency/material more cheaply than they could just purchase it from somebody else. Then they can run a profitable operation.
For most of us, yes mining is technically possible but we are doomed to burn more in electricity bills then we can ever hope to make back in coin. Buying coin at an exchange is just going to be cheaper.
Gold and bitcoin alike are meant to be used and traded. Transacted. It *is* rare, and it *is* hard to get, whence comes it's value. But once you've got it, Bitcoin can be transacted with any person, anywhere in the world. Potentially anonymously, and in such a manner as to circumvent all attempts to block your transaction by third parties. It can be stored in a private data-vault or brain wallet and never be frozen by the government. It can be transacted with convenient, open source applications and without having to interface with an expensive payment gateway or labyrinth of middleperson banks. Scan a QR code on your smartphone instead of entering a dozen numbers and addresses and pins and maiden names. Receive your coin, and be able to prove that the receipt is valid and unforgeable, the funds not counterfeitable or double spendable, via pure math instead of relying on some to-big-to-fail institution's endorsement.
That is Bitcoin's use-case. You really only want to deal in bitcoin if the above currency properties are going to be of value to you, or if you wish to buy from a merchant which either only takes Bitcoin or gives a decent discount thus.
And in all of those cases, you should not be too proud to buy your coin like a normal person.
Unless maybe you're stuck in a dessert with decent internet access, but zero exchanges or OTC's from which to buy coin, in which case mining inefficiently and gaining coin at 100 times the cost of an exchange might, in fact, become practical again. :/
PS: If your main goal is just to convert computer horsepower into money with utmost efficiency, there is more money presently in the banana stand of [Vanity Address Mining]( While related to Bitcoin, the focus here is to use computer work to generate vanity bitcoin addresses, which other people pay to receive.
For example, someone could order an address starting with 1MonaLisa... and put a bounty of $XBTC up on that. Everyone in the workpool churns away, brute forcing addresses until they generate one matching those parameters, do some mathemagic with the secret keys so that only the buyer knows the final key but that it does map to the generated address, and the worker who found the key claims the prize. :3
Apparently this is presently more profitable to GPU miners than straight bitcoin mining, but you won't get partial shares so you will need a decent GPU or set thereof to make any headway.
@_date: 2012-07-27 06:11:19
Yeah, I use bitfloor and it is very easy.
Get the deposit info from the website, go to a chase bank. If you have an account with chase you can transfer funds to the account bitfloor gives you, otherwise you'll want to bring cash to chase.
Deposit the funds. Photograph or scan the receipt, and email that to support They will credit your bitfloor USD account within 12 hours (less than one hour both times I've done it)
Then go to bitfloor.com and trade the USD onfile for Bitcoins. Withdraw the bitcoins into your personal bitcoin wallet (be that the original bitcoin-qt app, or an online wallet such as blockchain.info)
@_date: 2012-06-06 01:46:22
The problem here is you'd need to agree on a measurement of purchasing power.
The simpler approach is to denominate the loan in currency X, and then the bank charges a currency-conversion fee whenever you deposit or withdraw in a different currency.
F/E you could take out a loan in USD but then do all deposits and withdraws in BTC, minus conversion fee. Or you could take out a loan in Troy Ounces of Gold or Barrels of Crude Oil and pay conversion fees to work in anything but bank-issued commodity certificates. ;D
That way, from the bank's perspective, it takes the risk and gains the reward of freezing your loan in currency X (on top of the risk/reward of your interest divided by possibility ad consequences of default)
@_date: 2012-10-18 01:33:50




False. A majority of wealth held by wealthy individuals is not represented on a bank ledger at an American savings institution. A majority exists as capitol assets, strategic holdings of stocks, and balances squirreled away in tax shelters.
Even if Joe Pennybody put all of his estate into a bank somewhere, the bank lending money back out again is not related to Joe's savings in any strict sense. Would the bank be able to loan less if Joe withdrew all of his savings in one go? Would the bank be forced to forclose on other people's loans?
No, the bank would just borrow from another bank. Joe's money never really impacts the loans offered by the bank, save helping to lower the interest expenditure to the bank; which they may pass off as lower interest loans or else just pocket.
I think it's really thick to claim Bitcoin has a flaw by way of "what if everyone who hoards coins tries to use them". What would "use them" mean, in this sense? Sell them. You're asking "what if everyone tried to sell their coins at the same time, in exchange for fiat or goods or services or any other marker of value".
The answer is, the price of Bitcoin would go down.
Are you thus trying to imply that if everyone tried to divest USD simultaneously, it's value would go *up*?
@_date: 2012-10-08 20:22:48
Thus, as I was saying, Bitcoin is perfectly capable of satisfying both or either condition, depending on whether the government or the people begin to use it.
It will lend an edge of freedom to either party being repressed, people by government or government by international sanctions (whether for good or for ill. ;3)
@_date: 2012-12-17 21:21:25
And [reverse the polarity](
@_date: 2012-08-29 22:05:03
Simplest would be signing a message with the private key of the sending address.
In cases where you've done a legitimate bitcoin transaction to pass bitcoin value to someone promising a product (in this case the product is payback with interest over time) then you're still the only one in possession of your transmitting key.
In cases where malware or hackers comprimise your transmitting key, and then illegitimately empty your wallet you would need a different approach, of course.
@_date: 2012-12-12 14:47:39
The reason it's misleading is because you cannot redeem monopoly money. It is a commercial product, and worse yet the retail price of the game doesn't have to peg to anything because the game producer's target market could easily change over time. Or, game producer could even decide to not behave rationally.
F/E, I can offer "widgets" for 1BTC one moment, not sell any (because I'm not care), and then change the price to 2BTC 1 minute later. Does that mean BTC just lost value 50% compared to my (obviously meaningless) widgets?
@_date: 2012-08-27 23:24:32
GP states:


And I happen to know a counterexample. I want to get people to consider that there is no biological basis to "not being able to grok exponents", it's purely cultural. 
Furthermore, look how much perspective is available to those who overcome cultural programming and become friends with the exponents. They have to start overpronouncing the B's in Billion for clarity.
I'm sorry if my honest observation offends your karma-grubbing senses. :P
@_date: 2012-08-10 02:28:19
According to the comments section of that article, they did not already accept bitcoins because of lack of awareness of that option.
Without the existence of alternative options (such as Bitcoin in the payment-processing arena), an oligopoly refusing your business *is* by definition collusion. Perhaps I don't enjoy twisting my mustache enough to say "grand conspiracy" like you do. But such an arrangement is a failure of the market and should be rectified by some force or another.
Bitcoin is such a force, so no worry about taking anyone to court. But if the only bandwidth options in your area are cable and DSL and they each want to charge you $1k/megabit of service, injunction would be on the list of remedies I would explore (somewhere below starting my own ISP, of course).
@_date: 2012-11-07 21:29:18
Wait *your* mom? I'm old enough that [my mom]( has her own unique challenges with technology. :(
@_date: 2012-09-28 00:58:08
[I had this article open just as I caught your reply]( 
Do you have more information on the proposed foundation?
In what way would it "control" bitcoin other than specializing in improving PR and dedicating funding to development of applications which hopefully become popular by users?
Bitcoin is supposed to be resistant to regulation by it's basic design. If we are confident that the US government could not subvert it, then whta have we to fear from a non-profit? 8I
@_date: 2012-08-18 22:33:05
I would just like to say that your list of possible sovereign attacks on bitcoin is terribly inadequate. ;3


False. the present bitcoin scheme has a maximum atom size of 2.1 quadrillion satoshi (we're currently at 9 quadrillion). So if an attacker hoarded 95% of the market, the economy would still have 100 trillion atoms of liquidity to play with, more than most fiat markets.
The real danger would be in purchasing and then hoarding a huge chunk of the bitcoin economy, and constantly buying and selling that at disruptive prices.
Either plan would require multi-billion dollar investments. Current market cap is 100+ million dollars, but you cannot buy a huge chunk of that in a short time frame without pumping the cap into the tens of billions.


False. Gaining 50+% of the mining power does not allow you to change rules. That only allows you to perform certain kinds of effort-intensive double spend attacks.


False. Bitcoin is a decentralized notary system. It's power lies in the fact that it takes complex steps to allow secure and reliable transfer of account between a world full of people who do not implicitly trust one another.
Central banks are already central notary systems. Since they require you to implicitly trust them, they need no complication to simply maintain your account balance on their servers as they already do. Blockchains and cryptographic proof of work would be a complete waste of time once you assume trust in a central authority.
Bitcoiners do not want to assume trust in a central authority, so there would be no incentive for users to abandon bitcoin.


False. It demonstrably does not work for drugs and guns, so why would it for bitcoin? In fact, the largest economic use of bitcoins today *is* to buy and sell drugs and guns.


I think you mean "attempt to compell"? Since bitcoin is an international network, this would do naught but cut into the profit for miners in the specific jurisdiction you speak of. You would artificially export that fixed profit opportunity to the remaining parts of the world; or to the people in your jurisdiction savy enough to avoid the law.
Bitcoin promises a nearly fixed reward to the global mining community. Placing an obstacle in one area simply sweetens the pot for any other interested people to magnify their mining presence.
@_date: 2012-10-30 02:36:39
Well, to be fair "trust" the authority in this sense of the word likely implies "trust that they'll bother to come after you with their gang of thugs and guns" x3
@_date: 2012-12-25 00:05:13
Profit to the Bitcoin network yes, and you don't even need a step 3. Of course it's unfortunate to the entity getting blocked, but the more frequently this happens the more the incumbent payment processors tip their hands as working against the public's best interest.
For example: I began my bitcoin adventure because Wikileaks.
@_date: 2012-08-22 23:14:24
What, you mean the "as a provider, what are ideas about how I could contribute" Thread?
The nerve! xD
@_date: 2012-11-05 02:08:14


Anyone with the URL is not anyone, it's just anyone the original poster trusted the content to. Compare this to uploading a password-protected RAR to a file locker, then giving the password with the download link to the people meant to download it.


Didn't I just get done saying "not written to disk"? 


Disk. Not written to. Look, this is for the protection of the server admins, not the public. The public is all accessing this via bitcoinVPN or Tor or both anyhow, right? What would they care if it's encrypted on disk or not, save as an announcement that service has taken measures to resist the law taking it back down again?
@_date: 2012-10-27 02:08:27
@_date: 2012-09-10 23:54:45
Them can haz .1337 :B
@_date: 2012-11-23 18:43:32


@_date: 2012-10-12 22:32:34
In my experience, Paypal never sides with the seller under any circumstances.
@_date: 2012-12-01 06:41:48
On the other hand, the inflation has been steady and the price has been steady until now. That should be impossible unless demand was growing in pace with inflation. With the reward halving, inflation rate is suddenly cut in two and there's lots of positive buzz, but no matching force to cut the demand we have just established must be growing to match the old inflation.
That being the case, unless you know of any sudden hits to demand, why would prices not buoy?
@_date: 2012-10-24 02:48:23


I remember reading that too, but Reddit search is made out of fail. x3  Was that Nefario, who's caused so much fuss recently, I wonder?
@_date: 2012-12-03 16:05:43
So, my question is less "how does the blockchain even work", and more "is there some aspect of the function of the blockchain which makes Julian's claim that it tracks ownership over integers a fair characterization".
For example, I mine a block, get 2.5bil satoshi for my troubles by way of a block reward. Let's pretend I got zero tx fees, just to simplify the hypothetical. I've assigned one (1) receipt address for my reward. Julian claims there now exist 2.5 billion distinct integers somewhere which I own, and the ledger is keeping track of 2.5 billion deeds for me.
I'm just challenging that characterization, is all. :3
@_date: 2012-08-10 11:40:29
[spendbitcoins.com]( and [fastcash4bitcoins.com]( are the quickest methods I know to dump coin into Paypal. (~12 hour turnaround) Quickest and cheapest coin to ACH (checking account) is through [bitfloor]( (1-3 days for ACH to clear)
Depending on where you live, you can find folk in your area for face to face trades at [localbitcoins.com]( or post your own ad.
@_date: 2012-10-24 01:45:51
Hey, last time I checked on this page it didn't force me to do some ambiguous Google Accounts thing. 
Also .. "newWork" is just for requesting a new address. Maybe [The main page]( would be a better page to link folks to who aren't already using the site, and just need a look around. x3
@_date: 2012-07-09 04:17:37
That looks interesting.
I don't know if I'm reading it right or not, but it sounds as though Gavin is pushing this platform [Better Means]( to try to enhance development of the bitcoin-qt wallet, and they're looking for donations and project participation.
Sounds interesting enough to me that I'll poke my head in both directions, but I don't have a clear enough idea of what's being said to know what their ideas are on setting up public "hack-me" instances of software as a test methodology.
I don't know if you're saying they are proposing something similar to what I did, or whether my proposal would interleave well with what they're doing, or which. :B
@_date: 2012-10-05 01:19:55
True, but I avoid SSD because of how needlessly aggressive bitcoin-qt's disk usage is. :P
@_date: 2012-11-02 01:45:38
I don't follow. How do botnets obtain ~~money~~power from out of Microsoft's ~~coffers~~clutches?
Also, I already know money is a form of power. Most people do, the rest of my question remains valid and you aren't answering it. Botnets aren't doing a single thing which M$ will bat an eyelash about, the regular serf populace are the only victims.
@_date: 2012-12-22 17:55:41
What concerns me is that we may have reached saturation on the people who are going to have their interests piqued by the obvious benefits to Bitcoin that we bandy about. Largely, people with little interest in personal financial independence because they've been personally well served by their banking viceroys thus far.
* If you've never had an account frozen by Paypal
* or a vendor you patronize locked out by them
* or a bank error they just refuse to resolve for you
* and you've never had a problem using existing tools to move money internationally (either because you just don't do that or because you can easily use those available for your limited needs)
* and especially if you condone the financial censorship and intrusive analysis carried out in today's banking system, because it feels like a worthless freedom to sacrifice in trade for security.
* and you never happen to perceive the bite of inflation
* and you're not fond of any of the elegant math or geeky shinyness of Bitcoin, and see managing your own wallet or being your own bank as either a chore or frankly dangerous in comparison to a debit card
Then startlingly, there are still a ton of reasons why Bitcoin may still suit your needs, but I feel like we're all collectively missing the right elevator pitches somehow. :3
@_date: 2012-09-01 23:11:25
What makes you say that?
If it's online, then foreigners can use the exchange too. 
Foreigners with BTC can use that market to speculate on Pesos, they can even do so anonymously through local proxies. That's another market 15% taxation would otherwise cut into.
Foreigners can offer credit in BTC, and locals could choose to take out loans.
Locals or the exchange itself can sell physical goods on [bitmit]( to get BTC. No 15% charge that way, either.
@_date: 2012-10-27 02:05:43
[VirWoX]( is great and I use them all the time too, but keep in mind:
1. Requires a Secondlife Account (no problem for me, I'm a long time SL user)
2. You've got to trade BTC-&gt;Lindens, and then Lindens-&gt;USD AND they do not allow change in the BTC or USD sides of trades.
But, if you're not in the USA, VirWoX also supports Euros, Pounds, and Swiss Francs. :3
@_date: 2012-10-25 22:49:16


And.. back to you, inhibitor. Did you do YOUR homework? 
Dylan has provided a hypothesis, but no citations. You've provided neither hypothesis nor citations.
I am interested how this will play out, but I'm just saying, so far Dylan is winning. ;3
@_date: 2012-08-19 03:30:52
This thread was focused completely on bitfloor, so yes, that one. :3
Additionally, I'm not saying "cannot see that information from bitfloor through any means whatsoever", just that the data is bumped off of the page the most people actually look ats
@_date: 2012-11-30 20:51:25
Rial is a hard currency, just one that is losing value over time.
You can find someone in Iran who will accept your Rial in person for Bitcoin, because just as people want to buy in sometimes they also have to cash out. Locally, they are going to cash out into Rial to pay their everyday expenses and taxes and suchnot.
@_date: 2012-11-02 22:42:24
or **Archie** COMICS. :P
@_date: 2012-06-07 02:00:36
Because of bitcoin-qt's poor IO performance, and because I'm too lazy to try to figure out another wallet, I just copy le folder to a RAM disk and run it from there to update, then copy back to regular disk.
My IO bottleneck is a USB stick instead of an encrypted volume, but same dif. :3
@_date: 2012-10-18 01:03:50
I've heard some self-described Austrian economists try this claim before too, but Bitcoin DOES have a legitimate use-value worth talking about at length.
First and foremost, the Bitcoin *system* must be discussed: It is the single most powerful non-centralized notary system yet to be devised by mankind. Bitcoin's economic value may be debated, but I've never heard anyone claim the notary system is subvertable by any practical means.
Next, that notary service is provided by miners at great cost. Miners are remunerated for their efforts, but only in Bitcoin. They are paid both in our transaction fees (currently negligible) and by the inflation of the money supply (necessary during early stages), which is basically a fee against the purchasing power of all holders of coin; but is still denominated in bitcoin.
Bitcoin's use value does not come from it's act of minting, any more than USD does, but instead comes from it's eventual disposal as compensation for further transaction notarization, which is similar to USD being required to settle legally disputed debts or pay taxes.
Bitcoin may enjoy any number of "anchor tenants" as it grows in popularity, but one tenant which helps define a lower bound to the price is the mining community. So long as there is value for people to utilize the system, they will have to pay the miners to enjoy that value and the miners will have to pay their bills in turn. Circle closed.
@_date: 2012-10-18 03:39:07
D'aw but I not want to haves to move to Cali to spend mah fortunez. x3
@_date: 2012-10-03 20:13:28
Yes, they can afford A/C in the summer.
"A/C" is what they've named their private jet to fly to the alps for year-round skiing.
Substantially low temperatures, that.
@_date: 2012-12-19 02:06:54
Yes, by then it is expected that transaction fees (by way of higher volume of transactions) would become more significant.
@_date: 2012-04-30 17:29:06
Yes, I do believe that transferring money to or from bitcoin could be potentially used by criminals in such a way as to hide the source of their proceeds. So could any person to person or semi-anonymous transaction such as Craigslist. That does make the challenge and expense for honest people to work with BTC much higher, but it does not completely negate the honest value available.
The only reason I mention "round trip" measurements is to demonstrate how much time/money/personal exposure a party must spend in order to  perform each step of a money exchange on average. Most people aren't going to hide the source of a $10 bill by going through a one week process and getting $8 back out of it.
But when you only want to buy some BTC to invest elsewhere, or you only want to cash your BTC back out, measuring from the endpoints is much more helpful than only paying attention to Mt Gox saying "low 0.66% trade commissions!" and then ignoring the trade spread, the commissions Dwolla charges or chase or international wire or whatever instrument you use to get usd into gox, or the time delays and commissions charged when you have BTC ready to liquidate again. Also measuring only a one-way trip could do little more than tell you "$10 gets you 1.9BTC", which means nothing until you can compare that back to dollars in the other direction: "and then 1.9BTC gets you $8".
@_date: 2012-09-20 22:50:19
Not really though. This would not inflate the supply of *bitcoins* any more than gold-deposit-certificates inflate the supply of gold.
In essence Mt Gox would hold an IOU for your bitcoins and promise to pay them back to you under a limited degree of circumstances (withdrawl limits, not during a bank run, etc). These IOU's would not carry the full value of a bitcoin (someone getting a mt gox code is not 100% guaranteed to be able to render it back into bitcoin on terms they can accept), thus ought not impinge upon the trading value of a bona fide bitcoin.
@_date: 2012-08-17 00:41:20
And.. this is why high risk site admins should always use copious [key stretching]( on their password hash lists, on the off chance those ever get leaked. :B
@_date: 2012-10-30 02:17:39
Well, that might work for areas with permanently disadvantaged connections between them (one great example; space. Bitcoin stops working as intended at distances greater than 10 light minutes), but for quick, temporary disasters like Katrina it would take too long to build a separate currency to ripple between places.
(In other news, I've been here in for a good long while now and still don't know what a Ripple is. x3 )
@_date: 2012-12-01 07:10:58
As others have mentioned in other threads, Bitcoin is young enough that the internet being killed in any given region would create so much havoc for everybody that the havoc from being *temporarily separated* from your still-easily-secured bitcoin stash wouldn't even register.
Sure, if you've got most of your assets there it would hit you hard. But everyone you know has most of their assets in a Bank and I am fairly certain that system would spring haywire after a moderate period of internet downtime, too.
Wealth would suddenly and lopsidedly shift towards those with cash in mayo jars (for as long as that paper is trusted) and metal in safes (for quite some time longer) and finally to hoarders of food and weapons (which are easier to consume without relying on steady trade). :J
@_date: 2012-08-25 00:51:48
The bottleneck is not network speed, it is disk I/O.
When I used to keep the blockchain on a USB key, it got to where it would take 10 minutes to verify single blocks. Bitcoin-qt's database access is the worst possible implementation I've ever seen, it will read *and write* 4k of data tens of thousands of times per block verify.
For awhile I'd copy blockchain to RAM disk for updating (1 minute copy in, a few minutes per week of backlog to verify blocks, 6 minutes to copy back out) but I don't have enough RAM to keep up anymore after blockchain passed 2.5GB.
Now I'm researching options where I can install a server daemon on one machine I control to keep the blockchain up to date 24/7, and then simply aim a thin client at that. So far Electrum and Multibit are my front runners, but neither is quite mature enough yet to use. (Electrum install docs are out of date and broken, Multibit doesn't quite yet support encrypted wallet file)
@_date: 2012-10-24 01:51:04
Yeah, ECDSA allows some trippy key math to be done for cool applications like this one. :3  I don't know if you could combine keys this way to do M-of-N stuff though..
@_date: 2012-10-17 00:11:53
Nununu, this is Reddit.
You're s'posed to say, "I came to post exactly this". x3
@_date: 2012-11-12 21:37:55
Yeah, I just get ads for other subreddits.
@_date: 2012-06-09 02:33:58
But the number of bitcoins they get will be cut in half suddenly, on a certain date. Demand will *not* jump up to double at the exact same time.
It is *possible* that between now and some time after that halving, demand may smoothly increase to 2x what it is now, but there are no guaranteed timeframes for that. It is also possible that miners will shut down gear (and some will stop completely) as the rewards drop below their realtime electricity costs, making 51% attacks less expensive to mount. A successful one of those could certainly have an impact upon demand.
@_date: 2012-05-01 04:05:33
that sounds legit! :D
@_date: 2012-12-07 01:32:51
[According to their FAQ]( when they flag a withdrawal as potentially higher risk, turnaround time increases to 48 hours. Behind the scenes, what they are doing is a&gt; handling/investigating the withdrawal manually, b&gt; sometimes queuing the withdrawal to be satisfied out of cold storage, and c&gt; for players who deposit linden from in-gane, waiting for potential quick-fallout charge-backs from Linden Labs due to fraud.
In my experience, you'll either get a "manual review" withdrawal, and those have always cleared in less than 48 hours for me as advertised, or you'll get an instant unconfirmed transaction. I've gotten only the latter kind for the past several months. :3
@_date: 2012-10-08 07:05:40
I think we need to accelerate tools to handle m-of-n transactions so we can leverage more powerful escrow, that could lead to formalized (thus more frequently patronized) decentralized exchanges where you don't have to implicitly trust single participants.
Fiat is always the weak link in such a chain. But handle automatic m-of-n escrow and whoever can demonstrate the best documentation that fiat (or any product) was either sent in good faith or never received can sway the votes of a small cadre of disinterested and bribe-resistant escrow nodes to make sure the BTC asset is apportioned to the appropriate party. :3
I like this approach tons more than simple reputation systems, since Pirateat40 was able to game OTC's WoT pretty effectively. :P
@_date: 2012-12-10 17:48:21
Man, you're slow. Synced in 2.7 seconds for me. 
Of course it already had a fully populated database, but it only has to "stink" for a measurable percentage of new users in order to become an adoption problem, doesn't it?
@_date: 2012-11-14 23:52:47
Well, I believe Iran would have a much easier time simply accepting Bitcoin than it would trying to compete directly against it.
The software is open source, so it is completely possible for Iran to just start up their own blockchain. But it's not possible to "somehow back it with oil" unless they alter their software to allow them to centrally print currency units, and once they do that they kill any and all mining incentive; especially outside of Iran. US citizens for example could never cash in their eRials for Iranian oil; it couldn't get shipped to them. 
Regardless of pegging objectives, starting a new blockchain puts a lot of pressure on them to dump funds into Ghash of mining power, to prevent hackers or other governments from aiming their bitcoin rigs at the Iranian blockchain and 51% attacking them.
And finally, the "deflationary spiral" logic you are espousing related to bitcoin is a dead horse. Gold is deflationary, and Gold doesn't seem to mind people hoarding it; nor do any commodities. Why should Bitcoin experience any suffering differentiating it from precious metals on this count?
People can only afford to "hoard" a finite portion of their wealth at any given time. If their wealth shrinks or their expenses grow for any reason, then they must eventually sell off their stocks in Bitcoin to maintain their lifestyle.
And why would "at some point obtaining it will be not worth it and people will start using alternative cryptcurrencies" just because of a high unit price? Do you believe buyers will be so frightened by $1,000,000 BTC unit prices that they will refuse to purchase one milliBTC for $1 in order to wield $1 of buying power in the bitcoin network? Are people so psychologically narcissistic that they have to have "a whole one of" an imaginary commodity before they'll participate at all? 
@_date: 2012-12-12 14:49:50
I'd say both, actually.
Bitcoiners are a spend-happy lot, given that they just don't have a lot of easy options to spend. So if you're protesting X and have a payment option right in a photo, you can grab lots of impulse donations that way.
If you have a web address, and require people to go there before flinging cash at you they may learn you also represent Y and Z which turns them back off, or else you're just adding clicks before someone can fling moneys. :B
@_date: 2012-10-10 00:41:51
Depending on your needs, it might behoove you more to convert fiat to BTC in whatever semi-public way is cheapest, lowest risk of loss and most convenient to you .. and then just tumble the coins.
@_date: 2012-07-01 04:44:37
I noticed the post introducing this lot a couple weeks back, I'd like to learn more about how WoT works and can allow schlubs like us to demonstrate trustworthiness in a decentralized fashion. :3
But when I come onto site I'm only seeing offers to buy hundreds of $ worth of BTC at $4usd paypal/BTC (40% below mt gox) put forth by folks with no trading history to speak of. :O
Also, watched le intro video and it doesn't show a lot more than the core feature set. 
* What happen when someone wants to fill only part your order?
* How do you determine someone else's credibility, aside from what social networks they've linked in? Like, how they're previous transactions have went?
* What's a good protocol for when you've been dissatisfied with a trade? Just leave a negative review and move on? 
* You're linking to facebook/linkedin/twitter, any way to link to irc WoT; so someone can prove they are the same popular identity from the olde system and help kickstart the trust mechanism?
Newbie user feels bewildered by all of this. x3
@_date: 2012-10-16 21:43:11
The factors relevant to providing the right advice include:
* Where are you located (country)?
* How much are you looking to buy?
* What payment methods do you have available?
* How soon do you need access to the proceeds?
* Is privacy important?
The fees aren't trivial but you can use a credit card to purchase by using VirWoX where you can buy SLL using your credit card, then trade SLL for BTC:
* [
If you are in the U.S., there is one vendor that apparently is offering to sell via credit card. The coins aren't delivered for over a day but beggars can't be choosers, I suppose:
* 
Quite simply, depositing cash at a bank or 7-11, Walmart, CVS is going to be the fastest and easiest way.
*  (Deposit at major banks, 7-11, Walmart, CVS, Moneygram, etc.,)
*  (Deposit cash at Chase)
*  (Deposit cash at ~~Chase or Wells Fargo~~ I'm told their cash deposit options are offline at present)
*  (Deposit at a bank in U.S., India, Australia)
*  (Deposit cash at several banks)
*  (Deposit cash at a bank in Australia)
*  (Purchase CashU or UKash in dozens of countries)
*  (Deposit cash (USD) at bank locations in Russia)
*  (Deposit cash (NZD) at back locations in New Zealand)
*  (In Brazil using Boleto or Banco Recomendito, or in Russia, using Qiwi or Cyberplat.)
Also, Bitcoins Direct will accept cash, but they have a $500 minimum order size:
*  (Deposit cash at Bank of America, Wells Fargo or PNC, minimum $500)
BitInstant now has an online bank transfer methods which supports a couple dozen countries:
* 
Or you might find a local trade (paying cash):
* 
Or if you are considering a bank transfer, there all kinds of options are available:
* 
(Cribbed from [sgornick](/user/sgornick), who normally posts these boilerplates ;3)
@_date: 2012-05-24 22:10:24
The simplest explanation is that the "proof of work" is a deliberate method to waste computer processing cycles, rewarded by newly minted currency, and hopefully after a few more years by the transaction fees from certified transactions.
The reason these "wasted", sacrificed computer cycles is valuable to the network is as a measure to prevent counterfeiting. Every cycle wasted in the network by competing, self-interested miners is a cycle an attacker would also have to match wasting to gain power over the network to commit counterfeiting.
Real cash currencies use the same principals to resist counterfeiting. Mints utilize complicated, otherwise needlessly expensive methods to press documents which can be easily shown to have been so arduous to produce, that it would be challenging to for a counterfeiter to have invested a matching amount of effort to duplicate the document.
@_date: 2012-10-14 23:53:29
I don't think any of them care.
The public may be oppressed by their government, but that's more obvious from us here that it is from ground zero. From their perspective, I imagine these solutions we espouse are all "western circlejerks", and I don't just mean Bitcoin but Tor, or Bittorrent, or all cryptography, or the entire bleeding Internet. :P
@_date: 2012-11-02 23:00:06


Mining is both minting, and the notarization of transactions. If it produces no real value, then neither does VISA or Paypal or a bank vault. But here is a dose of perspective: all of the mining performed by all bitcoin miners since mining began has costed them in aggregate less than the construction of an individual brick and mortar bank building.
If you really consider Bitcoin's notarization service to be valueless, then I challenge you to offer one that costs less yet is more challenging to counterfeit.
Go ahead, I'll wait.
@_date: 2012-10-02 06:49:12
True, but why not get forumpersonman to post on localbitcoins too? :P
@_date: 2012-12-16 01:45:51
The difference between this and "If people wanted this they'd just sell their coins on an exchange and mail wikipedia a check" is the "selling coins on an exchange and mailing a check" part, and you can't mail checks without bank accounts, and mailing wikipedia a check would kill your anonymnity, etc etc. To the donator, donating through this effort of Bitpay's is an identical amount of effort to wikipedia simply integrating with Bitpay.
To wikipedia it's nearly identical, save wikipedia not expressly advertising on Bitcoin's behalf.
So how is this the wrong thing to do? How is this hurting us?
@_date: 2012-10-18 00:17:53
Merchants who accept both can facilitate demand for circulating bitcoin by passing along their savings for dealing in bitcoin (no chargebacks, magnitudes lower tx fees, built-in ledger/receipts, etc) to the consumer; and/or by reflecting their bullishness with further discount.
And how does hoarding bitcoin "destroy" it's transfer value, exactly? I suspect you're laboring under the assumption that transferring bitcoin is somehow funamentally tied to exchanging it with fiat; even though the most efficient bitcoin transactions are direct bitcoin-for-goods.
Let's consider the following fact deflation-complainants always seem to forget: a person only commands a fixed amount of wealth at any given time. Hoarding bitcoin means I am divesting myself of Fiat. I am preferring to accept bitcoin given the choice, and preferring to sell of fiat given the choice.
But I can only convert so much of my wealth to Bitcoin before I *have* to start spending it again to meet my everyday needs. I'd rather be cleaning the house of Fiat, but eventually the house is clean. At that time, any other hoarder of bitcoin will be happy to accept my coin either in exchange for Goods and Services, or the necessary fiat to secure them.
It may not be the "hot potato" transaction volume of trying to get rid of an inflationary currency, but Bitcoiners largely content that that activity does an economy no good.
@_date: 2012-12-10 17:30:22
I'm sorry, I thought you and thread were arguing against every light client simultaneously, given that they all rely on a third party to verify the blockchain.
I do personally like BCI client a lot, but I'm not pushing for that to be endorsed on the official page any more than any other light client. I'm just pushing for *something* to get endorsed, so that new users don't feel punished right out the gate. :3
@_date: 2012-09-08 02:03:25
I assume you meant to reply to [this post]( and Cozy was joking of course.
Not that it is impossible to do the math to sign a transaction with pen and paper, it is completely feasable for a human to do within an hour or so. But there is nothing secure about copying down portions of your private key on multiple sheets of paper which you then have to dispose of. :P
As for the "How", I cannot say precisely either. If I were pressed to perform such a feat, I would just get out the bitcoind source code and emulate the instructions manually. *shrugs*
@_date: 2012-09-28 22:10:29
Time is money. VirWoX's 6% total of fees (I've audited the process a number of times) and 2 hour turnaround is a better way to go than waiting a few weeks for someone to buy your visa gift card on bitmit. ;3
@_date: 2012-05-05 22:09:15
Miners with their gear turned off who only power it up to gain the increased fee bounties during the high-volume times? :3
"Seasonal Miners" ftw. :D
@_date: 2012-10-24 19:18:35
Whether your transaction gets included in a block may be influenced by the fees you do or do not offer.
Whether a block gets generated at all, that's an entirely different matter and can be easily observed at [blockchain.info]( or [blockexplorer.com](
@_date: 2012-06-06 01:14:51


Lol. If we had firstbits flair, you could have impulsed some BTC at him instead. ;D
@_date: 2012-06-26 05:59:08
Hmm... if so I'd love to learn more about it. But the difference between Wikipedia and Ron Paul is that the latter is a political candidate, so tracking his funding is important to ensure he isn't somehow circumventing political finance rules.
A non-political non-profit though, I'm not familiar with any important reasons to turn away anonymous funding though. What entity could possibly make things worse by giving them moneys? :P  Turrurists?
@_date: 2012-10-29 21:22:15
Ah ha, I had not actually tried to run an escrow transaction through Blockchain.info yet, no. I'd just found that help page in a google search, and got stuck trying to get the public keys out of the blockchain wallet so never got to the step of trying to create an escrow spend. D:
[This bitcointalk post]( clarifies the BCI developers depricated the feature. Bummer! ;P
On the JSON side, here is what I try:
username ~/bin/bitcoind addmultisigaddress 2 '["1CdWDprz8hhV3R5jp7wWWpWGa4q31gXRUm","1NPJUYUHF3ZuevptEV62sDNHTABfuSGJzE","14CugoUbH4EcKjSvS5SHjkAxJpmpvWdpiG"]'
error: {"code":-1,"message":"no full public key for address 1CdWDprz8hhV3R5jp7wWWpWGa4q31gXRUm"}
None of those addresses are held at that bitcoind process, they're all held in my BCI wallet. I did try sending a token amount of money both into and out of those addresses in case that allowed bitcoind to get the public keys right off the blockchain.. but that did not help.
I know how to get public keys out of a bitcoind or bitcoin-qt wallet, but I think BCI is the next most common wallet type so I'd like to know how to get public keys out of that, as well. (BCI is also faster/more convenient for me to test moving money around in)
Let me know, thank you for your input sir. :D
@_date: 2012-08-24 23:21:20
Alternately it could highlight for people who just begin to get a taste for the power that bitcoin affords them how caustic the influence of international payment processor oligopolies are, and help drum up rage from segments of the currently apathetic public who have just been teased by a taste of what *could* be once the bankers are cut out of the loop.
@_date: 2012-10-28 01:59:08
Escrow only fails when seller has to use your input as capitol to another venture.
So why do we have to support businesses of that shape at the currency level to begin with? Sounds to me like a fine opportunity to get some mileage out of the fiat funny-money chargeback-friendly banking system, where you can get the money back whenever just because it's not truly yours to begin with.
@_date: 2012-10-29 21:49:23
Take a survey first, find out if any of your artists specifically want royaltess in bitcoin, and concentrate the incoming coin into the directions of those artists.
My workplace is gearing up to accept customer payments in bitcoin (we expect zero-to-few takers) and they'll pay what they get to me as a portion of my paycheck. That's money they don't have to pay 5% to Visa on, and I don't have to pay another 6%+ on my side to buy coin, since it's already coin. Everyone wins. :3
bit-pay.com allows you to accept payments in BTC, and convert a percentage (0% - 100%) into USD. But they do still charge [fees]( 0.99% on BTC you keep or 2.69% on BTC converted to local currency. So you could only convert an amount appropriate to compensate the artists who like BTC, if you choose.. (and assuming the fans outnumber those artists ;)
@_date: 2012-10-10 01:02:15
OTOH, if bitcoin's acceptance were to increase or it's ability to change back to USD was made very cheap and fast (a la Bitinstant Debit Card :P) then I would do a majority of my every day business in bitcoin, because the larger my holdings from one moment to the next the more I gain (or retain, depending on your POV) from my coin gaining value over time. :3
@_date: 2012-10-18 01:15:49
They're both problems.
@_date: 2012-07-18 22:59:49
How about selling them?
@_date: 2012-11-17 00:45:24
I think EFF is just really interested in being on the front lines of fighting legal battles related to Bitcoin, and it would represent a conflict of interest if they endorsed Bitcoin as a payment method; undermining any possible objectivity they might have as an arbiter.
Running through Bitpay would not alleviate that problem, unless Bitpay offered additional payment methods aside from Bitcoin so that EFF was not seen as bringing their brand to bear in direct endorsement of Bitcoin's currency value.
@_date: 2012-09-02 03:47:39
Look, I'm not trying to make you feel bad. My point is that a majority of people are not self-employed, do not allegedly earn seven figures, and do not want to plan multiple confirms ahead before they can purchase goods or services.. but may be perfectly willing to do their tiny-person business in an alternate currency if it is convenient enough to them.
These people can find a multitude of ways to use a tool like this card as a stepping stone into more native transactions. It sounds a lot like you don't want everyday people in your economy at all, and I don't imagine that's a healthy fiscal outlook.
It takes all kinds. :3
@_date: 2012-12-18 05:16:23
The factors relevant to providing the right advice include:
* Where are you located (country)?
* How much are you looking to buy?
* What payment methods do you have available?
* How soon do you need access to the proceeds?
* Is privacy important?
For US customers, you can link your bank account to Coinbase and transfer USD in that way:
* 
The fees aren't trivial but you can use a credit card to purchase by using VirWoX where you can buy SLL using your credit card, then trade SLL for BTC:
* [
Also if you are in the U.S., there is one vendor that apparently is offering to sell via credit card. The coins aren't delivered for over a day but beggars can't be choosers, I suppose:
* 
Quite simply, depositing cash at a bank or 7-11, Walmart, CVS is going to be the fastest and easiest way.
*  (Deposit at major banks, 7-11, Walmart, CVS, Moneygram, In Brazil using Boleto or Banco Recomendito, or in Russia, using Qiwi or Cyberplat.)
*  (Deposit cash at Chase)
*  (Deposit via Bank Wire or ING)
*  (Deposit at a bank in U.S., India, Australia)
*  (Deposit cash at several banks)
*  (Deposit cash at a bank in Australia)
*  (Purchase CashU or UKash in dozens of countries)
*  (Deposit cash (USD) at bank locations in Russia)
*  (Deposit cash (NZD) at back locations in New Zealand)
Also, Bitcoins Direct will accept cash, but they have a $500 minimum order size:
*  (Deposit cash at Bank of America, Wells Fargo or PNC, minimum $500)
BitInstant now has an online bank transfer methods which supports a couple dozen countries:
* 
Or you might find a local trade (paying cash):
* 
Or if you are considering a bank transfer, all kinds of options are available:
* 
(Original cribbed from who normally posts these boilerplates ;3)
@_date: 2012-12-09 02:15:34
I've said it many times, and I'll say it again.
The primary use-value I wish to highlight of bitcoin as a unit of currency is heavily tied to the nature of the Bitcoin notarization network. So I will begin by summarizing that.
== Summary:
The Bitcoin notarization network is the first distributed solution to the Byzantine General's problem, and thanks to network effects the most powerful distributed notarization engine in the world. With it, you can pass digital, counterfeit-proof tokens (namely, satoshis; the atomic unit of bitcoin currency) to any other interested party in the world in a manner uniquely protected from regulation or interference. The power and fidelity of this Notary system is generally undisputed, up to and not including people who claim "it's open source so anyone can make a system just as powerful" and thus ignore the network effect which makes Facebook nearly impossible to dethrone regardless of it's sub-par infrastructure.
== / Summary
The Use Value of the Bitcoin Currency is that it is the only denomination of currency with which Miners in this system can be compensated in exchange for their mining work. During this early era, Miners are compensated primarily in newly minted coin and secondarily in transaction fees. As rewards half and volumes increase, they will come to rely more on the transaction fees. Regardless of era, the bread and butter of the workers who keep this notary system running is in Bitcoin Currency. From this, they must purchase hardware and electricity and beat opportunity cost in order to remain solvent.
THAT is the floor price index for the Bitcoin Currency: how valuable is it to the world to keep on mining, for which you will only be remunerated in bitcoin? It is a transaction tax (subsidized by inflation for the short term), denominated in Bitcoin, which guarantees transactors the capacity to utilize this notary system and distributed ledger to settle accounts with anyone in the world. It's no different from a nation levying a tax in their national fiat currency to utilize that nation's services or protection; save that the Bitcoin network will operate with greater predictability and fidelity than any corruptible state ever could.
@_date: 2012-11-06 00:01:23
[Look out, he's got a laser!]( D:
@_date: 2012-08-15 21:47:29
I think many folk could benefit from a browser plugin which opens bitcoin: urls in a new window to their favorite online wallet app, like blockchain.info or easywallet. Kind of like there exist such plugins to get mailto: links to open popular webmail clients. :3
My hot wallet is hosted like this, and that's the only way I'd use such a url. I only run a client side app for cold storage.
@_date: 2012-10-12 01:18:31
I have to bet locally will be better anywhere when it's an option, and still probably worth shopping around pawn shops and coin dealers at that.
I've been buying into silver a little recently (counterbalancing my bitcoin investment, doncha know? :3) and early on I compared coinable with local shops.
As much as I respect what coinable is doing, even with their sale advertised in this article I got a 10 oz bar at a shop the other day for $365 (7% above spot, which I'm still not thrilled about) while Coinable is charging $408 after discount ([33.9438]( x $12.02usd/btc), which is like 20% over [today's spot price]( Not even counting shipping or insurance, which is zero locally! D:
But when you have no local dealers around but can receive mail, and especially when you have BTC to spend instead of a currency you could use at another online retailer, Coinabul might be just what the doctor ordered. I can only really speak to what I have measured, though. :3
I've also never tested selling to Coinabul, don't know what their exchange rates look like in that direction. 
Good luck sir, and happy shinys! :D
@_date: 2012-08-20 23:06:52
I would imagine Wikileaks does, yes. They can anonymously sell off their coin on the markets, OTC, where or however.
They have a lot of expenses and I doubt many of those could be paid directly in coin, after all. If they could, then I'm sure anyone in possession of coin would at least consider spending that instead of going through the impedance-loss of converting to another currency. :3
@_date: 2012-12-20 20:48:02
@_date: 2012-05-08 08:13:41
Right over my head, sry. :B
@_date: 2012-08-20 17:13:13
Once you trust a central authority, the most "energy efficient" solution is to keep the accounts *at* the central authority. You know, old-fashioned electronic banking.
Bitcoin is (still) the simplest protocol we have devised which is both honestly distributed and counterfeit-proof. "Energy-efficient" is a useless goal: proof of work is partly proof of energy expenditure, because energy costs money to expend. You could not dispense with that unless you could replace "energy" with some other valuable resource that honest and dishonest nodes could fight to prove they have expended; or else provide a basic change to the framework.
@_date: 2012-11-19 12:08:39
Well, it's not my interest to trick anyone either, but Bitcoin is simply a digital bartering system. I don't perceive anything about bartering through this system which legally distinguishes it from bartering through a centralized digital currency, or bartering ownership over another digital asset such as a domain name, or spending or receiving cash or other physical assets anonymously. Those are all legally well-trodden areas, and I can't imagine what could possibly be so novel about Bitcoin that could put a person at greater risk when substituting that bartering asset in.
I feel that undue legal alarmism is what is disingenuous because every action we take *can* be considered novel if you squint at it hard enough. Should I eat this bagel? Hell, nobody's ever been sued for wrongful death of a eunuch as a result of eating a bagel, so maybe I should just hold off: I wouldn't want to be a test case.
@_date: 2012-12-23 08:58:40


Well this depends on what you mean by "trust", because it sounds like you're saying "blind trust". No, you shouldn't blindly trust anything *anybody* tells you, save your family. (it's also a good definition to say "your family is that collection of people you feel comfortable blindly trusting". ;3)
If a Bitcoiner tells you something, see that as a lead to investigate. Check it out. If it's true, then sweet. If it's false, then you know that guy is full of it. Welcome to the Internet. The problem I run into is people taking the equally irrational alternate approach of assuming that if a Bitcoiner says something it must be a lie prima facia. They refuse to investigate it themselves either way.
@_date: 2012-10-12 01:24:41
Yep. The standard client is also the gold standard of security. I'm not aware of any popular clients with known vulnerabilities, but we're all rather paranoid out here and I, for example, get an irrational eye twitch imagining the minor entropy-loss from using pseudo-random deterministic key generation algos in clients such as Electrum and Armory. ;3
The biggest hurdle IMO to using the vanilla client is the horrific time it takes to first load the block chain. It bottlenecks on your drive speed, and for slower drives may take days or weeks to initially catch up with history, and if you don't run it 24/7 it's sluggish to catch up each time you check back in as well. Next version is focusing on fixing that.
In case that is a deal breaker (for some of my wallets, it is) I'd recommend the [blockchain.info]( wallet. :3  I hear [Electrum]( is good too, and very featureful, but I haven't personally given that a go.
@_date: 2012-12-24 15:16:26
Well, the reason I've accused you of picking arbitrary timeframes is a little while ago you were upset at someone buying pizzas for 10kbtc saying "why would they spend $130kusd on pizzas?!" The [historical exchange rate for Bitcoins]( is quite well published, and in 2010 when this transaction took place they traded for less than a penny apiece. It's silly to chastise somebody for failing to predict what a volatile thing will be worth in the future, or being unrealistic about contemporary demands. Besides, if nobody ever traded bitcoin at less than a penny it may never have blossomed to grow more than several dollars per unit.
And then someone said if they hand you a $1 lottery ticket, and it wins $1million usd, and you know it's a winner and you know it's cash-in value and you know you can redeem it or sell it to another person, but then you lose it.. you didn't estimate that you had lost $1mil by doing so or even $1, but zero just because you hadn't decided to internally register that this wildly valuable thing was really yours at that point.
I guess what we want to impress upon you is that an exchange rate exists. It establishes precisely what a Bitcoin is worth now, right this instant. Also it means that you can buy Bitcoin at this price right now (give or take the effort to actually go to an exchange pay the fees, etc) or sell any Bitcoin you have at this price right now and get real, well-accepted cash that you can then buy groceries with or do whatever you'd like.
Knowing that exchange rate implicitly makes you responsible for being in control of that amount of wealth. That's wealth you could have in your preferred form just by exchanging it. If you pay $13.50 for one bitcoin today, and tomorrow it's worth $1000usd/BTC then you now own $1000usd frozen in the form of Bitcoin. You can claim/redeem that wealth simply by selling that coin to one of the many highly interested buyers who want to give you $1000usd in exchange. If the price drops again the next day to $13.50, then you can argue "I didn't really lose a thing" but you cannot argue that there was not a time you could have chosen to lock in a $986.50 profit, and that opportunity is now gone.
You had it, now you don't have it, that's what "lost" means. Otherwise you're simply choosing arbitrary points in the timeline to say "this is really mine" and "Well, this doesn't really count".
@_date: 2012-07-29 01:16:52
[I'd love to see]( more exchanges trading MtGox USD as a commodity, since they support coupon codes and since getting USD in and out of that place is a total pain in the ass. ;P
And because they aren't the only exchange where it is challenging to deposit/withdraw USD. 8I
@_date: 2012-10-08 20:30:36
You misunderstand, I'm not talking about pitching Bitcoin to the Finance Minister so he can convince his people to start using Bitcoin directly. The Finance minister would never do that.
I'm talking about pitching to the people so that they can choose to use it directly of their own accord, and pitching to the finance minister so that the government can use Bitcoin as a back-end currency to settle large foreign debts, dodging the sanctions and keeping enough hot air in their fiat baloon to gain some measure of value while they continue debasing it.
@_date: 2012-12-21 23:30:46
This looks like the most well thought-out analysis to me. :3
+tip .05btc
Now I've got something to bookmark for when people inevitably ask these questions. Thanks!
@_date: 2012-07-06 23:12:16
The challenge is always going to involve "how to get the funds from regular currency into bitcoins" and will always focus on the last step, trading the regular currency for the bitcoins. "Will the person selling me bitcoins trust the currency I am offering them as non-reversible? Will the agent holding my mundane money throw a fit if they know I'm using their service to trade bitcoins? Paypal is both easily reversible, and it balks at the last step because they view the bitcoin network as competition.
When you move money from paypal to a bank, then the money is no longer in paypal's hands it's in the bank's hands. If Paypal initiates a chargeback, that's against the bank and the bank will not domino that chargeback on to a merchant you later buy things from, so you are protecting the merchant (bitcoin seller) by doing that. Also, banks normally don't care if you're buying bitcoin while Paypal might freeze your account for ToS violation if they find out (and they have less say over that once your money hits the bank).
So put simply, paypal-&gt;bank-&gt;bitcoin erases the "paypal" related worries pretty well.
But you trade that for bank-related worries. Banks normally use ACH or Wire to move money to other bank accounts, which are either hella slow, hella expensive, or usually both. But it is certainly possible. Mtgox, Dwolla, Bit instant, bitfloor, ad many other services will accept ACH and Wire Transfer.
If you want better speed or lower fees, it might be worthwhile to go through an intermediary besides a bank. Such as, cash out the paypal and deposit directly through bitinstant at a walmart, cvs, 7-11, or physical bank branch. Total fees vary from 3.9% and up depending on which branch you choose and the amount you work with.
Since I already play Secondlife, the convenient method I use is I buy Linden Dollars (~250L/$1usd) through the game and then deposit that in one of two Linden trading markets [The Rock Trading]( or [VirWoX]( and convert to bitcoin there. In this scenario, Linden Labs is offloading the stress from paypal. I can do this with ~2% fees and a moderate amount of elbow grease, it clears within 2 hours.
Another method I've heard mentioned is that reddit user [Julian702]( has an amazon wishlist, and he makes deals where people who buy him things with regular money he pays back in bitcoin. Amazon helps prevent the chargeback fraud there. Very fast obviously, you just have to trust that user. (For example, I've never done business with the guy. xD)
@_date: 2012-09-18 15:27:12
I take it with a grain of salt. If "My wallet never touches their server unencrypted", then how does the website allow me to access the wallet? Someone has to be decrypting the thing, and I sincerely doubt they are pushing that job to JS on the web browser. Even Cryptocat stopped doing THAT. ;P
Nonetheless, I still trust their software more than another EWallet, because they at least have incentive to minimize surface area of touching my wallet. Any increase in that surface area beyond what's strictly necessary opens them up to be a hacking target, and they're in a position to want to avoid that.
@_date: 2012-08-21 21:38:27
Every other bank I know charges $3.50 (total sending and receiving banks) to use an out-of-network atm. $1.50 to get cash instantly is certainly cheaper than waiting 3 days for ACH or [driving 200 miles to another state]( to trade OTC.
Having bitcoin in wallet, and going down to grocery store and swiping card to instantly spend those bitcoins to get daily needs (same for utility bill, restaraunts, phone bill, the list goes on) would be worth more than 1% to me. I would entertain the thing at rates as high as 5%, even. :P
We'll just see whether this materializes though, and how long it can last before the payment processors kill it off. xD
@_date: 2012-12-16 04:03:08
Same reason chaotic evil is always stuck in lawful good's craw. We're bound by "rules" and we can't bring consequences down on person X unless we can demonstrate how they have unambiguously broken those rules.
Change the rules to work against SRS, and they'll laugh because of the drama you've caused by cutting into other innocent activities with the same brushstroke and they'll just find a way to change their modus operandi to operate in your newly restricted ruleset.
I don't envy the reddit admins their job, yo. :(  Quelling SRS is as tough as filtering spam, and I'm glad that's not my responsibility is all.
@_date: 2012-10-27 02:09:41
My question is, why do they care?
I mean besides all the conspiracy wingnut "they're competing with us" crap, what are some negative consequences to a bank if they allow cash deposits to be made to bank account X from arbitrary sources?
@_date: 2012-07-06 23:39:20
Nah, I think even OTC people will still be banking their bitcoin transactions over the online network 90% of the time, meaning they'll still be visible on the blockchain.
The only OTC alternative is trading physical bitcoins (with private keys hidden behind a hologram seal) which AFAICT aren't the most counterfeit-resistant things ever. All it takes is getting that secret key from under the hologram, and you could drain a physical coin after you pass it to someone, so long as you drain it before someone else does. 
To be perfectly honest, I see little advantage of trading physical bitcoins over other physical commodities like gold coins. I think Bitcoin loses a majority of it's transactional differentiation when you can't or are not transacting on the blockchain.
What actually won't show up on the blockchain but would qualify as volume would be market trading however, where you have bitcoin denominated balances at third party markets like mtgox or thin instawallets, and you only leave a blockchain trail when your wealth leaves that walled garden as bitcoins.
@_date: 2012-12-18 05:36:19
I see clutter as a legitimate cost to cite, and our job as proselytizers is simply to sell them on how Bitcoin's benefits may outweigh that cost.
If he's a non-controvertial, american blog with a primarily paypal-happy audience then he might not be the right person to pitch to right now. It's trying to sell food on it's nutritional merits to someone who's just finished eating.
@_date: 2012-07-29 01:12:36
I kept trying to upvote some of the comment responses.. doh! x3
@_date: 2012-08-12 06:50:19
Casino's also provide thrill and entertainment.
@_date: 2012-07-25 09:04:41
Most people will. Among other services, one of the core functions of a bank is security.
Not every individual is a good enough systems administrator to either be qualified to or to wish to take direct responsibility over securing their wealth. Banks (or credit unions or similar) are always going to exist, if for no other reason than to take on the advantages of an economy of scale in protecting and providing services for wealth.
@_date: 2012-12-17 07:13:37
It's too bad you can't click one of dem circles and just see the blockchain.info transaction id! :Q_
@_date: 2012-12-16 03:50:45
I don't see that correlation.
I see the red volume bars correlating with a dip in *price*, namely because the price goes down when a lot of sell activity happens. ;3
@_date: 2012-12-21 00:05:08
It say subreddit not exists. (?)
@_date: 2012-12-28 19:12:35
.. which is all irrelevant at this scale because you have to expend more money and/or effort in order to coerce them into rectifying their error. Once you've put in ~$200 worth of effort, you pass the point where you can even hope to break even.
@_date: 2012-09-17 13:02:13
Ironic username is a shineything^TM
@_date: 2012-04-27 10:00:21
But this is a good thing, right?
Let's just tell them, "If bitcoin has no value then go get them and give them to me, I'll pay you 2 *two* real US dollars for each 1 BTC you give me via your payment processor of choice. (paypal? bank transfer? check? Western Union?)
Valueless means easy to get, right? I'm sure you could gather up a few thousand in an afternoon. Think of all the free money, man! :D
@_date: 2012-12-09 02:21:18
Say you deposit at a [terminal]( (my shop is the one at Sakaw, if you were curious ;3 ) $3600L, then you trade for 1BTC and with fees it comes out to $3500L. You withdraw the BTC (keep in mind, new users are more likely to wait behind a 48 hour "manual processing step", but as you do more business with VirWoX over time this should happen less frequently) but still have $100L on account at VirWoX.
What I'm saying is, you just go to [the Withdrawal page]( and specify how many SLL you want to withdraw, and it just dumps it back into your account with SL. You don't have to visit a terminal again, or even be in-game for that step. :3
@_date: 2012-10-25 20:22:59
Okay, I've read your link to the wiki about using the Raw Transactions API. But that section only appears to apply to spending funds out of an address already prepared as multisig. How do you create such an address to begin with? Is there any special procedure for sending parties to move funds to that address such as exotic transaction types or 3.* addresses?
bitcoind's JSON API doesn't scare me, so if that's all it took then I'd start toying with that using a handful of bitcents right now. xD
@_date: 2012-09-04 21:41:03


But your public key by definition can't control any assets until it receives money, and that transaction publicizes the address (aka public key), doesn't it?
So the clock starts ticking as soon as you've got funds in your wallet.
@_date: 2012-12-07 04:25:56
I'm pointing out the irony in your position of, basically "people should not allow others to tell them what they should not do".
@_date: 2012-10-27 02:15:48
I'm trying a test transaction, but I fill out the front page form and hit "send" and it just reloads the front page with blank fields again. :S
@_date: 2012-04-23 08:16:29
The problem is that miners can not make additional money by raising their threshold above barely non-zero (aka, one satoshi per txn). They can scoff the freeloaders, but do nothing but throw away pennies by scoffing the pennies .. and then whatever competitor wants to will collect those pennies.
That logic holds until there are more transactions per time interval than will fit in a block; but even that bottleneck simply guarantees that X% of transactions will get delayed to off-peak no matter what fees anyone offers, and unlike an auction you'll be forced to pay your transaction fee even if it's delayed until way after it's stopped being useful.
@_date: 2012-12-10 15:29:24
This is good spiel, but I would include a disclaimer that the so-called "bitcoin server" will remain non-functional for a very long time while the blockchain database gets synchronized. :3
@_date: 2012-06-27 01:33:38
Apparently, I'm a ninja because I know how to read a url. 8I
Oh, and I should start using opendns' services immediately *just to be sure*. xD
@_date: 2012-12-05 21:31:24
For any of those in thread interested in "helping out the network" ...
Just because you run a full-blockchain node doesn't mean you have to store your wallet on that node. Storing your wallet on a full blockchain node does heighten your personal security. But the network at large won't care if you run a full node with an empty wallet on a back room server you never really access save for maintenance, and keep your wallet at a hosted service like [BCI]( :J
I run like, 5 full nodes. Not because I'm generous, I'm literally just too lazy to shut it back off after I've spawned it on one of my workstations or servers. xD  But I do most of my walking-around spending through a BCI wallet, and keep lukewarm storage on a usb stick.
@_date: 2012-09-30 07:05:59


Fair enough, cashing out is a different process than cashing in. But you don't have to take the same route, either.
I am a little disappointed that nobody has a "cash" cash-out option on a national scale. But really, the best anonymous way to get cash from BTC is over the counter.
Alternately. *tumble your coins before you cash out*. It's not that hard. Then there is nothing to actually tie your identity *to*. :P
@_date: 2012-12-16 02:06:46
But it's not easy for the average user. It's easy for big players like Bitpay.
Bitpay is working to make this easy for the average user.
There do exist people who have bitcoin, want to donate to WM, perhaps don't want to publish their identity or jump through a bunch of hoops, but who aren't particularly politically motivated either.
Bitpay allows those people to contribute.
For me, whatever I might have donated to WM I'd presently prefer donating to Bitpay (to be kept by Bitpay) in return for the neighborly gesture. If WM is boycotting my passions, I'll boycott them right back.
Now archive.org, they are [accepting Bitcoin donations]( That's the stuff, right thar. :B
@_date: 2012-12-07 02:37:23


I guess in order to prove this point you'll need to point to some of the "hype" built. Are you suggesting that positive press about bitcoin such as 1&gt; being decentralized, 2&gt; easy to anonymize, 3&gt; resisting regulation and interference, 4&gt; having low fees and 5&gt; highly resistant to counterfeiting drove prices to unsustainable levels?
Because, AFAICT those points remain accurate and should be reliable factors by which to price the currency. If you value those properties, then buy Bitcoins at or below the price you see those benefits being worth. If you do not personally value those points but believe other people will, then buy Bitcoins at or below the price you think you can resell it for.
If those points are not the hype in question, then what is? Were there people putting pressure on the public to "buy now because Bitcoin will replace USD next month"? Can you point to any non-true positive spin that could spearhead such a bubble?
One can argue that Pirateat40 spearheaded the second bubble in Aug 2012, but I'm aware of no deceitful PR behind the July 2011 bubble.
Alternately, bubbles like this form when people aren't sure what the currency is really worth, or what it will be really worth tomorrow so they gamble on a speculation that does not pan out. This market is volatile, and I don't see anyone claiming it's not.
@_date: 2012-10-18 23:21:37
Don't forget letter and numbers! Gah, there is only 36 of them and it's all I see on this site any more. :O
@_date: 2012-09-01 22:21:06
Why can't a local operate the exchange inside the country?
The exchange shouldn't have to pay 15% if it's not a matter of law that bitcoin is an international currency or a currency at all. The exchange would not be transmitting any money internationally, though it's bitcoin trading users might and they would be tougher to track and regulate.
Then once there is some BTC liquidity there, more people will be comfortable dealing in BTC natively and sidestep the peso completely.
@_date: 2012-07-01 21:44:17
Nope, I got my dollar! :D  That was concise and awesome.
it was maybe 12 hours faster than my spendbitcoins test (which appeared to wait for a manual confirmation batch) so that they cleared at nearly the same time.
So both services sound cool, but fc4b looks to be the better between the two for the use-case I'm talking boot. :D
@_date: 2012-09-17 23:36:09
But precious metals already have the greatest property of resisting spoilage. Bitcoin is no more deflationary than these.
Unless you use force to outlaw precious metals (which has been tried, and failed in the united states) then you cannot prevent people from hoarding them. The story ends there.
If that leads people into a pattern of stripping the earth to live off the dividends (which I can also argue is false, but it's outside my payscale right now) then Bitcoin would not enter into the situation since it's only the thousandth investment which doesn't spoil.
At the end of the day, what you're actually doing is demonizing technology. You're saying that man's ability to keep financial score at all destroys the earth, and that the score has to get corrupted by design to keep us in harmony. But this in itself is a failure in governance, because people have to voluntarily leak their wealth (or be dominated into doing so) for any demurrage currency to even work as advertised.
@_date: 2012-12-11 23:36:40
First, your poisoned bots don't plug up the exploit. He issues command, sees on his pools which bots aren't participating, and then just targets them directly to replace with good bots.
So you're not even protecting potential hosts from him, you're just drilling a pilot hole.
@_date: 2012-09-20 23:18:12
Meh, I vote that human civilization has advanced to the point where permanently losing the communications network is tantamount to losing so much infrastructure that all current forms of money, including precious metals would become virtually impossible to trade and would be supplanted by directly consumable commodities, like food, water and fuel.
@_date: 2012-11-30 23:00:21
Bot's back up now, tho. :3
Do make sure you read how the bot works OP, so that you can approve these tips people send you and withdraw your bitcointip balance back into your personal bitcoin wallet.
+tip 0.02 btc
@_date: 2012-08-02 02:38:43
Bitfloor is winner for deposits.
Either Bitfloor or Local Exchange will be best bet for straightforward withdrawls, too. Bitfloor, trade BTC to USD, ACH to your bank account. 1-3 day delay for the ACH, but bitfloor starts the ACH process right away in contrast to @ mtgox or dwolla. :P
Bit-pay.com is another option for converting BTC to USD. Costs more and you have to put in more data than with Bitfloor, same ACH method, and they're frankly for merchants and not for simple withdrawls, but they have enough merchants on board already that they have a track record of selling high volumes of bitcoin. :3
I have personally tested $100usd chase cash deposit and $16 ACH withdrawl through bitfloor, and $16 ACH withdrawl through bit-pay with no ill effects. :3
@_date: 2012-08-25 07:29:35
Well, that doesn't affect me since I run my bitcoin client over tor. But I guess I see what you mean, lol. :3
On the flipside of the bitcoin, connecting to as many of the nodes as possible also means they are proof from zero confirmation attacks from folks trying to poison peers.
@_date: 2012-12-12 13:28:47
This would be available the day before yesterday if smartphones commonly had thumb readers in them. ;3
@_date: 2012-10-08 07:26:01
OP was not talking about the Average Joe, he was talking about the Iranian Government. They have all the internet access and PC power they want. They could even secure ASICs and mine, if they felt like it.
They can, in theory at least, use BTC to settle debts with foreign interests which are more difficult to do with sanctions on physical traffic of wealth and excommunication from the international banking community.
@_date: 2012-11-26 01:53:57
It's not Bitcoin unit price as much as unit price divided by difficulty metric.
As people bust out of the gate to buy asics, that difficulty metric will skyrocket until mining is pushed back into the margin of making small or zero returns over average power and hardware cost.
@_date: 2012-06-03 05:04:52
I thought it would be an in-depth analysis of the top X number of bitcoin addresses, sorted by balance! :O
@_date: 2012-12-12 13:12:25


To be fair, xkcd is not giving advice about "how much is enough entropy to keep you safe" at all. He is just giving advice about what *form* that entropy can take, in order to pack as many bits of entropy into a human brain as possible.
Passphrases are the most mentally digestible form of redeemable entropy we know. He was simply illustrating why that is.
@_date: 2012-12-05 03:40:01
+tip 0.05btc, for well measured, polite, and respectful approach. Sounds like we've got at least two new folks now genuinely curious about what's going on. :D
@_date: 2012-10-13 10:05:45
@_date: 2012-08-18 22:41:02
Great, now I have "Bitcoin killed the Video Card" stuck in my head xD
@_date: 2012-12-11 04:55:32


I think that failing to balance security with convenience/speed will work to undermine the network more. We require adoption in order to gain merchant acceptance, and when we obtusely deflect potential supporters they spread that bad PR to their friends and in their opinions online. Locking inbound funds until an interminable database sync just *looks* and *feels* exactly like a bait and switch scam, and that is the kind of reputation we are trying to avoid. People don't need a lot of cueing in order to panic and spread or share conspiracy theories, and that's a mess we're already trying to clean up after July 2011 and Pirateat40.
Additionally, the blockchain sync (as evidenced in the 0.7.0 code) does not scale. It slows down geometrically (by my estimate) while the blockchain continues to grow linearly. Blockchain size should begin to grow geometrically once Bitcoin begins to command marketshare, and then what's going to happen to initial sync times?


I think that's disingenuous. We're not even warning users on the homepage of the long sync times, or of being unable to spend funds or display balances while being perfectly able to receive and then trap funds in a dungeon. Why should users not be upset at such a surprise?
"I thought I'd try it, but now I can't even tell if it's functioning properly or if something is wrong". I've always been aggrevated by the elitist open source mentality of "if they didn't write the software from scratch and already understand it's every thorn then they don't deserve to sniff the rose".
While we're at it, I'm glad to see that the software grew a progress bar somewhere during v0.6, but scaling that bar by linear number of blocks is terribly misleading. We provably know that later blocks take geometrically longer than earlier blocks to verify on average. Is it really that hard to cobble together an algo to at least estimate realtime progress, and thus calculate a ballpark ETA? Hell, we could even run a single benchmark at build time up to a checkpoint and know the exact realtime progress dynamics from zero to there. Scale that to the users demonstrated performance, and then just extrapolate between checkpoint to newest block.
Giving an ETA would at least tell new users whether their system is fundamentally *broken* in any way. :P
@_date: 2012-12-14 11:46:08
I wonder if it would be useful to add more input addresses than strictly needed, in order to try to render change roughly similar to (or even biasing mildly towards greater-than) payment amount, and/or that plus sometimes outputting two whole change targets of roughly similar size when enough room is available?
Would need to be a configurable option I guess, because it consumes more balance age than otherwise. But it ought to really help obscure which transaction is true output. :J
@_date: 2012-04-30 21:20:39
meh .... to get sufficient anonymity to be able to dodge concerted law enforcement efforts, sure.. but just "using" tor you only need to grab a USB-drive browser bundled with tor.
Then you'll be on the tor network, your browser will be optimized for security and anonymity, sandboxed from your everyday browser to minimize cross-polination, JS/plugins disabled or whitelisted by default.. it's really pretty damned turn-key these days. :P
In comparison, when you use your bank account to load up Bitcoin address X and then immediately go spend those coins to an address the FBI is able to determine is used by a black market merchant (and/or they sting you by being the merchant) Then they trace back your payment bitcoin address, see zero obfuscation to the exchange you used, get your information from the market with a warrant, and proceed to kick down your door and get all kinds of accolades for apprehending the idiot low-hanging fruit instead of making any traction against the real illicit networks. ;D
@_date: 2012-10-24 02:27:52
Or, to be fair, m-of-n where initiating party trusts themselves (and their environment) only for an ephemeral period when the shares get created.
It works great for WPS, though a bit unwieldy (paranoid user creates shares offline, nukes hot private key from orbit), and like Julian says for estate planning (user can use private key indefinitely, but key is naturally lost on their death so executor(s) and lawyer(s) can collect shares to regain key). But it fails when one or more people put money into a pot no single actor ought to be trusted not to swindle the money back out of.. which is a perfect description for Escrow. ;3
If you really wanted 1-of-N, the simplest solution is just bald sharing a standard private key with N people, though. :D
@_date: 2012-12-05 03:47:00
"charged them more for" .. I wonder what cut a bank wants out of cash deposit action, and/or what the AML requirements would be?
Then someone could still offer that, with greater reliability than bitme (given bitme might get their accounts shut down next, too.. right?) in exchange for possible fees or identity matching.
For me, I'm not care about my identity being known at usd&lt;-&gt;btc conversion for all things because I can reliably tumble the coins after, but I do want a fast plumbing option to buy in or cash out in case of emergent conditions. (eg, have USD want to buy expensive bitcoinstore.com product, or have BTC and personal emergency needs USD)
@_date: 2012-11-30 21:00:45
First of all, your buyer had to get a billion dollars worth of bitcoin. Our market cap is only ~$130mil usd right now, so they would have to invest at least ~$1 bil into buying bitcoin, which would raise the market cap above $1 bil and leave them with whatever share of the grand sum of bitcoins is equivilant to $1 bil. This action would drive up the price a minimum of 770% to ~$100usd / BTC, but probably another magnitude or two higher still.
Then they would give you a lions share of all BTC ever minted, and yes you could not sell that off quickly or slowly without depressing the price back down into the range of $12 usd / BTC.
Now would the market go mad over all the volatility this transaction would create? Would people buy and sell and lose their shirts over the supertanker in the bathtub? Ya prolly. Would it obliterate all interest in the currency? Since the infrastructure would continue ticking smoothly along, ya I doubt that. ;3
@_date: 2012-08-22 23:20:15
You know what would be great?
Bitcoin version of [Flattr](
EDIT: I saw a forum post mentioning "youtipit.org" already doing that, but site doesn't resolve so perhaps they're gone?
EDIT2: Yes, I know bitcoin is already much easier to use for microdonations than USD; but flattr is easier still.. from the perspective that onlookers can set a monthly budget, and then it's one click without digging out a wallet app and selecting an amount to flattr someone. :3
@_date: 2012-12-12 03:58:54
Mebe we need to crowdsource something. :3
Have community use a wiki or piratepad or git similar text collaboration tool to hammer out the script, then pay some design folks (hell, even the design folks behind this video?) to act upon it. :D
@_date: 2012-04-22 20:22:14
Threnx gets lots of downvotes, apparently there are people who don't like the comparison to 1998.
Bitcoin is unquestionably a powerful cryptographic currency. There is not a person in this thread, not even OP who has questioned that. But as a currency it cannot be useful if nobody adopts it, and it will not get adopted if it wastes what time it has in the limelight with no parity to other currencies.
Let me put it this way: The Iphone was an amazing product, especially during it's debut. Would it have ever gotten off the ground if it started out only being able to call other Iphones, it's data was a walled garden, and if it then took six years before it could make a phone call to another type of phone or access the web? Sure, it's "easy" to sixty-nine an Iphone to a nokia, that doesn't mean it's worth doing.
Has there yet been any lawsuits upholding the value of bitcoin? Has there been any two parties where A paid B in a chargeback-capable fashion (credit card, paypal) B rendered an agreed upon equivilent in Bitcoins, A charged back, and B took them to court, flush with evidence that the bitcoin transaction went through?
It's no different than selling a physical product and getting short-changed over it, except that customers can complain that physical products are "defective" and it's hard to prove otherwise. Bitcoin is transacted to the agreed-upon recipient address, and it's condition *can* be demonstrated to be perfect compared to the terms of the trade agreement — beyond the delivery responsibility of the sender.
Yes, it is "easy" for a person to head down to a convenience store in order to transact bitcoin. But multiply that by the few million users you expect to adopt the system and the effort translates into millions of USD of cumulative friction: wasted busywork by average people who know better than to waste it.
And it's time in the limelight is limited. Bitcoin is virtually guaranteed to fail at some point, and people need the freedom to keep it liquid in order to bank against the day when SHA or AES is finally broken, or their wallet is emugged or their favorite exchange welches on their local balances.
I for one think it has brilliant potential, regardless of it's likelihood of sudden failure. I think the value of being able to make otherwise impossible, potentially untraceable transactions with any other interested adopter outweighs the loss when the day comes where my wallet and it's carefully-tended dispensable balance turns to dust. But I can't hedge against that risk effectively while it has the liquidity of pot roast, and it gets harder to protect the privacy of my transactions when I have to smile at the CCTV as price of admission to exchange my coins for "real money". 
I need to be able to use bitcoins to buy things I need, and so do the people I'd like to pay in BTC. I have no need of llama socks or drugs, neither do they, so USD is the next best product to be able to buy. You can gain market adoption with liquidity to USD, and once the friction is properly mitigated storefronts will feel free to start accepting payments in BTC and *then* you'll get to the point where the need for liquidity slows and BTC can begin to compete toe to toe with other currencies.
You know another thing exchanges need to provide? Loss calculators. You should be able to go to Mt Gox, select a funding option and a desired cash out option, and it will total the whole chain of transactions and show you the money and time lost by following it. For example, "put cash at chase, get MtGox code, redeem as USD, trade to BTC at today's rate, send to BTC address: compared to today's weighted average, you lost 8% and it will take you a maximum of 10 hours to see these funds in your wallet with 6 confirmations."
Because until then, they get to advertise on the strength of "0.6% fee! haha, that's so low! Trades complete instantly!" irregardless of how many other institutions took their fee just to get my USD into an ewallet and how much I'm losing on the BTC trading spread, which normally adds up to 5-10% friction combined.
@_date: 2012-08-10 11:27:08
A .. doodle of a bitcoin symbol. And the number 9.8.
And a tabby.
@_date: 2012-10-08 07:23:04
Buy and sell on Bitmit and Silkroad?
I'm not sure how simple it is to get moderately valuable goods shipped into or out of the country. But in any circumstance where a wealth-imbalance or debt exists between a party in the country and one out, especially a debt owed *to* an Iranian, then that is an opportunity to pay the debt in BTC and start putting a balance into their hands which can then internally be denominated in rial.
Also, Iranians do deal in USD and Gold. Government, last I checked is simply trying to force money-changers to peg the exchange rates.
@_date: 2012-05-21 21:21:18
Haha, I think it's a great demonstration of *why* server security is so important.
It's only a show-stopper with bitcoin because we've never had such a hard, liquid currency before that honestly lives and dies with how secure your server is. xD
Prior to bitcoin, even major servers get hacked and CC numbers get stolen and the card companies just shrug and re-issue cards. Now the raw, valuable, (nearly) untraceable commodity just exists right there on the servers as a significant incentive for hackers to break in and abscond. :O
Say, speaking of all this, has anyone considered building any hardened, USB-powered bitcoin wallet devices for end-users, which run custom firmware, have hardware keypad for passwords etc and have no other responsibilities (in contrast to a smartphone or table or pc) to make end-user theft an order of magnitude more difficult?
@_date: 2012-11-26 10:08:43


No, unless your CPU is a solar pocket calculator (or you're already ramping up so high as to only have a pocket calculator worth of horse power remaining) that's pretty much never going to involve itself as a bottleneck. 
I've run tests with a 100mbit network link, 16 connected peers and a 4GB RAMdisk (a few months back when blockchain weighed 3.2GB) with 2GB of unused RAM aside from that on Windows 7 64bit, 4 core 1.6Ghz CPU. Bitcoin-qt took up only about 5% CPU on average and consumed 400MB of regular RAM.
@_date: 2012-09-30 11:43:17
Bitfloor is no charge for deposit and 0.4% for trades, cash deposit at bank tho. :3
@_date: 2012-09-01 22:14:40
Well there are an infinitude of ways to transact in bitcoin. 
Simplest would be if someone ran an online exchange for btc&lt;-&gt;ars right there in Argentina. Deposit ARS at a bank branch into their account, get ARS balance on their site, buy BTC, send internationally, buy ARS on their site with whatever BTC you have or receive from others, they transfer the pesos to your bank account or however it is Argentinians normally transfer money locally.
I'm sure a local exchange business could make quite the profit offering that service for less than 15%. :P  Bitfloor here in the US makes a mint doing precisely the same at 0.4%.
If nobody else is doing that, perhaps you can. :D
@_date: 2012-08-18 22:38:54
Another reason there might be 0.01 bitcoin bids like that would be to hide information on the realtime order book.
RTOB only shows a handful of trades. Throw in meaningless, tiny trades and you hide more important ones in that conspicuous view.
For example, OP pointed on the depth chart to 11.32 having a 10BTC bidwall. Lowest bit on RTOB is 0.01 at 11.33; meaning the bidwall is hidden from RTOB.
@_date: 2012-10-28 02:01:54
you're too far away. T-T
@_date: 2012-11-24 00:51:24
When I need to input CC or Paypal (or Lindens) to get Bitcoin, I do use [VirWoX]( I don't feel the fees were that outrageous, but I did measure them a few months ago. From money withdrawn from my card to Bitcoin in my wallet (thus, including all spreads and commissions in between, changing from USD-&gt;Lindens-&gt;BTC) was about 6% cost and 2.5 hours of wait time grand total and without any crazy "give me your bank account number and bank login password and debit pin" sorts of bullshit. :P
I would report back on other options too, but I literally haven't had enough USD to spare to convert in that direction since Bitfloor's cash deposits were still in operation, at which time I used that pretty heavily.
@_date: 2012-05-03 00:49:13


That's the commission they charge. That does not take into account:
* The currency spread
* The extra fees levied by services like Dwolla or Bit instant or ACH or wire transfer at the bank to get that money into your real-world account
* The processing delays at each step
* Or the manual labor to maintain logins at several websites, change links in the chain when services go down or stop interacting with one another, or trace down the problem and email someone every time there's a kink in the hose somewhere.
bit-pay: customer sends you BTC, you see coin in your bank account tomorrow minus 3% fee. Doesn't matter if it was a 30c transaction or $30k. Chargebacks are impossible. Unlike Paypal, if bit-pay ever went down or got hacked or put a hold on your account or tried funnybusiness, then you'd lose at most a day of sales revenue; and block chain would still be public knowledge so you know who made good faith efforts to pay for what.
It is sad that the ~3% can't *definitively* deep six other payment methods yet.. but volumes are low. I am *certain* that will come down as adoption grows elsewhere and volumes increase, because if bit-pay doesn't do it Paysius or someone else will gallop in to serve the gap once there's enough pay-dirt. :3
@_date: 2012-12-05 22:53:37
[BTC/SLL]( :3
@_date: 2012-12-26 13:03:47
I imagine such a project would be best served by it's own custom downloaded, armory-like wallet extension to bitcoin-qt which adds the user interface conveniences a customer of a kickstarter-like project would want.
* Automatically chosen return address, if you're just sending funds straight to them.
* Much better, would be 2-of-3 escrow feature to lock up the funds in a fair manner. All the busy footwork of escrow including shuffling the public keys around, return address etc would be handled by this plugin.
* Short of that, you could just allocate the funds onto a single address in your wallet (shielded from non-related spends) that the project could look to in the blockchain to confirm if you're still "interested" or not. You could even send the signed transaction to the arbiters, so they could instantly authorize that once the project is go, and you could cancel at any time by emptying the special address (and they would know and move the tape accordingly thanks to blockchain :3) That way no pre-arranged return address is required.
@_date: 2012-10-17 22:39:27
That's when they say "It's a bubble" and that's when you show them charts going back to genesis. "See July 2011? *that* was a bubble. See how the bubble's value is within an order of magnitude of today's stable price?"
If they still complain about volatility, just trot out a graph of housing prices next. "See 2009? *that* was a bubble. See how the bubble's value is within an order of magnitude of today's stable price?" ;P
@_date: 2012-12-16 04:34:45
Very good idea for them to explore. It would depend entirely on the revenue of doing so versus electricity cost and increased wear on the computer components, but they would already be in a fine position to optimize all of those points.
@_date: 2012-08-25 02:44:15
The USD only has [a little under 100 trillion penny-units of value in cash circulation today]( and that's the largest currency the world has ever known.
So why should it bother anyone that Bitcoin is limited to 21 thousand times as many satoshi units of cash currency?
Even without a hard fork as other folks are suggesting, there are plenty of bitcoin to replace every currency on earth today.. and it is not necessary (nor is it really advised) to replace every currency on earth. Bitcoin's job is done if it is merely an available option to everyone at any time. 
You know what else is a good wealth storage option for folks wanting to buy homes and jets and things? Gold. xD Plenty of that to go around too, and you only need to convert to bitcoin when you're ready to transact wealth farther than your arm reaches.
@_date: 2012-11-16 23:21:40
Michael defines "bucket shop" at the bottom of his article. In what way do icbit.se fail to meet that definition?
@_date: 2012-06-22 06:35:54
I said:


meaning I am not making any assumptions about whether bitcoins will remain the same price that they are today. It doesn't matter. If between now and November the price of a bitcoin multiplies 10 fold, then the amount of processing power mining will also increase 10 fold until the profit barely stays above electricity costs.
My point is that *when* the halving occurs, miners will be barely breaking even, exactly as they are today. So they will go from "barely breaking even" during one ten-minute period to having to spend twice in electricity what they would get back in rewards during the next ten minute period.
Nearly half of the mining gear will power down over the following 24 hours (and any gear that doesn't power down fast enough simply drains it's owners' electricity bills).
There is no direct correlation between the difficulty to get $1usd of reward and the price of a bitcoin. There is a direct correlation between the cost of electricity and the cost to mine: they are linked. Mining rewards will half, electricity prices will not change, so the pool of miners will shed to half to match it over a very short period.
@_date: 2012-10-24 01:52:46
[not precisely]( although an address does map to and thus represent a public key and thus also it's private key with cryptographically secure reliability. :3
@_date: 2012-09-11 00:54:05
Not really. I think Bitcoin represents up to 2.1 quadrillion satoshis, which are the atomic units of measurement for the most powerful decentralized account notarization network mankind has ever encountered. The value of each satoshi is pinned to it's relative share in the network. So when you buy a bitcoin, you are buying 1/2.1e7 of the maximum possible notarization capacity.
Today that value is given currency by exchanges, where buyers and sellers pin the value against the value of fiat currencies and arbitragers stabilize that agreed market value between disparate markets. Bitcoin is in no way pinned to the value of fiat, though customer perception and even market manipulation can temporarily stabilize it's market value to a convenient number of USD.
But Bitcoin has never been, and can never be an effective proxy to any other commodity: because it's use-value and scarcity can never be pinned to the use values or scarcity of any other commodity. One could hemorrhage millions or billions of USD worth of wealth trying to buy up bitcoins and game it's scarcity, but no such attempts would work because 2.1 quadrillion of anything cannot be easily made scarce.
@_date: 2012-10-12 23:01:47
It was rather odd to read this article using the wrong terms with curiously accurate syntax. I feel like a copy-editor came in and took a near-perfect explanation, and scrambled some of the vocabulary used? xD
Article provides a fresh perspective on some established GPU mining farms, like Coinlab, and how they may be able to continue renting out their entrenched compute power in non-bitcoin applications once ASIC starts shifting the tech curve. :3
@_date: 2012-12-02 04:39:58
Naw, I just dreampt it up. I'm not know how ta BIP. :B
@_date: 2012-08-21 01:59:11
You are [deluded]( if you believe there exists a system of any kind for which there exists no vulnerability.
@_date: 2012-12-14 11:33:04


This might sound disingenuous to some of us at first, but take jcoinner's statement in the context of this movie quote:


People don't like freedom — and don't even recognize the freedom that they reject — because there is a set of things by which they are personally offended, and they are accustomed to their curtailed liberties having the side effect of protecting them from those things with no personal effort or responsibility.
Look at the Muslim protests over the Mohamed mockumentary video on Youtube. Muslims around the world protest for Google to pull the video. Even the white house makes a polite inquiry as to whether that's an option they are willing to consider, and Google plays the "freedom of speech" and "resisting censorship" card.
This offends your sensibilities? Too god damned bad.
But on the same hand, somebody uploads a video showing consensual sex? Baleeted. Material matching one of their copyright-sniffing ContentID filders? Goodbye.
A group of French women wanted to counter-protest against French Muslims who were pitching a fuss, by streaking through their neighborhood topless. "Look at us, you are silly to be offended by our bare breasts.."
Did they go Bottomless? No. That would be illegal, by way of no other justification than offending their own shared, cultural sensibilities.
Bitcoin allows people to put off the shackles of *all* censorship, and that can really, really open up pandora's box. Now you've got Silkroad, and Ransoms, and Money Laundering, and Tax Evasion, and Theft can't be traced, and Online Strippers, and Online Gambling. The things you normally can't do with Paypal or with VISA because there are some subsection of the population that are made uncomfortable by them.
Bitcoin saves us from the censorship we place on *ourselves*. And a lot of people aren't ready to face the reality that they are really drawing those lines of their own accord. These things are "tacky" and "dangerous" and "of course they should be prohibited, because Evil^TM ".
They are used to their own sense of morality being codified by society (whether that's by some centralized government, or by simple mob rule, or "the loudest voice") so that it never gets questioned, never gets challenged. "What makes me uncomfortable" just happens to line up with "Crime". What is legal just happens to line up with what I've acquired a taste for, or not brow beaten myself into thinking is a sin.
That's one of the larger reasons a lot of people can't handle Bitcoin. :/
EDIT: Now understand, I don't happen to be Libertarian. I cannot actually say if unfettered liberty or argorism is a better state for us to be in than carefully curated governance. But I *can* tell you that our *current* state of government prohibition is a smothering one. No other explanation for why a country in the middle of an economic crisis spends the energy we do on legalizing marijuana and gay marriage. Enough of us *know* now that these liberties should not be denied to us, and we will fight over them. But there are still plenty of people left to fight against to taste that freedom. Bitcoin is interesting in that, in the short term it frees nearly *everything*, and to be honest I am curious what (if any) negative side effects will come of that, as well as what tempests will prove to be teapots.
@_date: 2012-12-07 10:20:57
Good to Xpost to too? :3
@_date: 2012-10-29 22:05:53
New things are always volatile. Compare with how volatile the sales are of a particular single. ;3
In any event, first check to see if any of your artists are interested in receiving royalties in BTC. It's up to you if you accept BTC for all songs and pay BTC to whichever artists want it, or if you let artists decide whether to accept BTC on their songs and you use Bit-pay to deliver their cut as BTC and keep your cut as some or all USD.
The latter idea is good to investigate because then fans get to work directly with the artists they patronize to convince *them* whether or not to accept BTC. The fans who like BTC are more liable to patronize the artists who like BTC, and this gives them all more of a personal engagement in the decision of what currency they wish to support.
Second, if you accept BTC via bit-pay, they eat every ounce of related volatility. They offer price X BTC pegged to $Y guaranteed at point of sale, so when customer pays X BTC you get your prescribed percentage of $Y. The volatility cannot touch you, and you'll still be able to accept BTC payments and gain all the related PR from doing so.
Since they pay out the USD portion via ACH every day, the worst case doomsday scenario would be they could vanish and you'd lose up to one or two days worth of payments people tendered in BTC.
I do NOT recommend that you hold onto Bitcoin personally as an investment, UNLESS you are diligent in keeping up with all the latest news and developments and innovations, as would be prudent with any exciting investment opportunity. The money you make comes from your cognizance of the field and squeezing every ounce of opportunity from the commodity (in our case, finding ways to buy and sell in bitcoin to keep those balanced and maintain maximum liquidity in all circumstances)
@_date: 2012-12-13 20:12:10
+tip 0.05 BTC
Thanks for the archive, there. :3
It's strange that she seems to want to tie the value of bitcoin to how difficult they are to obtain via mining. I don't think that is represents either a direct causation or correlation. The value of Bitcoin is more directly tied to it's enforced scarcity (which she does also talk about), and it's obvious utility (which she mentions obliquely).
@_date: 2012-12-11 20:47:50
Any replies here to Crina Belododia's comment in the blog?
They seem to support Jon's position, and I can't grok what they are saying, but even though it's the opposing position to mine and there's tons of "sheeple" language being thrown about, I sense that there is a real point they are trying to convey that I am definitely interested to understand more completely.
Part of what they are saying seems to be that "Regulatory compliance beholds one into a certain fealty to the state". One might draw a parallel to blithely doing small business with the mob: they will claw into you until you are their puppet.
Any other thoughts about, or translations of this tyrade? :B
@_date: 2012-09-28 22:07:12
I tried to send all my coins to that address
But my wallet software says it's invalid and won't let me. T-T
@_date: 2012-12-05 01:08:57
Lol, depending on your reputation with [VirWoX]( you can convert quite a bit more via that method too. :3
Or if you have a Secondlife acccount in good standing, you can email VirWoX asking for an increase in deposit limit (which they're liable to grant if your SL account doesn't look like a fraud risk), and run your credit card either at VirWoX or through Secondlife directly.
@_date: 2012-12-10 15:26:47
The question is: once it's released with all those experimental patches (and the more experimental the patch, the longer it will take them to release with it, right?) how many users will be running it on hardware as beefy as yours connecting to peers as lightning fast as yours?
I can see "sometimes you'll get stuck behind a bad peer for several minutes at a time" as a problem which is likely to resolve in a very short time frame, before v0.8 official release. But the best times posted on that bitcointalk thread were 47 minutes, and that was under basically *perfect* conditions, including no bad peers to get stuck behind.
Compare this to game speed runs. If an expert at optimizing and playing a game can finish a level in 37 minutes like you're citing, does this mean that we can expect everyone to finish the level that fast? Or are there going to be people dicking around in there for up to 12 hours, so we'll need at least 12 hours of enrichment content up in thar to keep them satisfied?
@_date: 2012-06-06 01:16:56
I'd prefer an alternate notation, myself. I understand your concern about displaying measurement error in the number itself, but using some punctuation mark which indicates "this figure is exact" would introduce less visual clutter than unused columns of zeros would. :O
@_date: 2012-12-03 16:00:34
Yeah, that's basically what I understood was happening too. :B
@_date: 2012-09-17 13:58:16
Shh, shh, shhhhhhh.
There is no need to be upset. Just stare at the [shineything](
@_date: 2012-12-20 01:39:17
Alright, but I don't know how to treat payment as a routing problem. If a friend of a friend of .. a friend doesn't pay up, how does that failure impact my immediate friendship? Is there a system of "vouching" that occurs, whereby my friend has to own up to me for vouching on a bad lead, somehow? If so, then do X degrees of separation have to get independently contacted to create a vouch chain for each p2p payment? That would be like herding cats into a totem pole arrangement.
This is what I mean by "the high level explanation is too high". Where and how does the rubber meet the road?
@_date: 2012-09-21 03:02:14
Well, if Bitcoins are not made of nothing, [then they have pretty scarce company indeed]( xD
@_date: 2012-10-18 03:57:07
Would the same statistic show a lack of demand for Gold? By far, more of that is hoarded by persons, corporations and governments than is circulated.
@_date: 2012-05-28 09:58:06
Sorry, I had my sources wrong and assumed 1e7 Satoshis per BTC. 
Upvotes engaged. :D
@_date: 2012-11-02 02:24:43
[VirWoX]( is my go-to site for turning CC/Paypal/Moneybookers funds into Bitcoin. BUT take heed it's primary purpose is trading Secondlife Lindens, so you do in fact have to have a Secondlife Account (free to set up) to use it, and you'll have to trade USD-&gt;Lindens-&gt;BTC. Also, they do not allow fractional trades of either USD or BTC (strangely enough, they do allow fractional Lindens.. ;P) so you'll wind up with some change.
In my tests, $50usd transactions convert to BTC at a loss of about 6% compared to MtGox daily weighted average exchange rate (that's including all fees, commissions, and spreads; paypal to your BTC wallet). When I tried selling about 19BTC and withdrawing to paypal a few weeks back, conditions must have been favorable because I *gained* about 2% vs Mt Gox daily weighted average. x3
@_date: 2012-10-23 22:26:14
okay, but what I view as the most important benefit of the M-of-N transaction model is one where N untrusted parties prepare an address that M of the N have to collaborate just to withdraw from. That's the model we need for escrow services, and I'm really bending toward the notion that Bitcoin heavily needs in-protocol escrow to grow much farther than it already has.
What I've observed is that the modern idea of "currency" in our culture, over the past century, has evolved beyond what many economists have spent time discussing to take on one extra responsibility that basic Bitcoin still does not offer. Bitcoin is great at guaranteeing that the currency itself has transferred, over a distance up to several light-minutes, from self-interested party A to self-interested party B via self-interested internet and self-interested Bitcoin/Mining network. But it cannot yet help to guarantee the unambiguous tendering of the agreed upon good or service.
I believe that we have silently made currency responsible for that job as well, by way of chargebacks and legislative dispute resolution, without a lot of conscious perception that we have done so. I think that's where a lot of the resistance to Bitcoin's adoption is coming from today. What value is it to send currency through a more hostile environment than the goods or services can reliably survive the return-trip through?
Perhaps we can rely on the courts to punish bitcoin-denominated fraudsters after the fact, but legal processes are more nuclear deterrent than a first line of defense. Besides, relying on the state to help support a state-challenging technology presents a conflict of interest at best. In the meantime, it will take years before the first bitcoin scammers who can even be identified, such as pirateat40, can even be properly served; and that's too slow a turnaround for a budding internet crypto-currency. :(
So in the meantime, Bitcoin functions without question as a donation system, or for payments of circumscribed size through a community who enforces their own standards of trust. But it fails in the mainstream for being over-engineered — once you rely on central trust to secure the purchased asset, Bitcoin's advantages all melt away leaving behind only it's inconveniences — and in the wild for failing to secure the purchased asset.
Until we can perfect escrow, which full-powered M-of-N would appear to be a potent tool for. :D
@_date: 2012-09-06 00:50:52
And I'm asking which of those reasons may be pertinent to maintaining a cold wallet. :)
@_date: 2012-10-24 19:28:50
Mosler is stuck on the idea of "what is the final value of bitcoin?"
And the answer is, the Bitcoin system allows decentralized payments in a unique way. The Bitcoin currency is the only denomination in which you can pay fees to get your transactions notarized in that unique system. And this is no less narcissistic than saying "State X fiat is the only way to pay State X Taxes". You want the benefits of State X citizenship, or of Bitcoin decentralized transactions, you pay the piper in that currency.
@_date: 2012-08-25 01:09:25
I am interested, yes thank you. But I am also a little concerned that including a simple shell script installer with the code to do what is listed in the readme (and can thus be included in the test suite to remain up to date as code develops) isn't among their list of priorities. x3
Will it be this much fun to update when there is a security patch? Will I need to subscribe to a chatty dev mailing list just to learn when there are security updates?
I'm not only looking for a solution I could pin together with gum and bailing wire and 20 years of posix background, but one I could recommend to friends without copping out on bitcoin's benefits by requiring them to put faith in an ewallet or unaudited code base provided by some company with less than a year of track record.
I think that's something the bitcoin economy could really benefit from, and something bitccoin-qt has been able to provide up until this year's bloating of the blockchain. :(
@_date: 2012-09-05 01:10:06
Fair enough, but GP was:


Bitfloor's missteps are not the same missteps that have plagued every other hack. GP is trolling, and/or inferring he knows some silver bullet to prevent a bitcoin-based service being hacked *at all*.
Cold Wallet and encryption hygiene within your walls only serve as a (very, very important) instrument for damage control.
@_date: 2012-12-22 12:27:41
Well that's one of the points bout ripple I *don't* understand. If all it did is allow you to pass IOU's between your friends, then it's already pretty simple to keep a ledger between yourselves. Either by explicit ledger or by gut, you know Janice and Tom are each good for loaning X or Y to them but that Clarence is overextended because he hasn't paid back yet on Z. I wouldn't imagine you'd need to haul protocols into the equation until you're passing IOU's on to people you do not directly know.
Otherwise, why would it even be called "ripple" if there's no pond over which the ripples could propogate? :P
@_date: 2012-08-31 23:50:06
AFAICT Electrum does zero support (by way of up to date documentation, or any install automation whatsoever) for installing their server software component.
Basically, every client instance has to rely on the central Electrum server for all transactional confidence, and there's no effort behind diversifying that backend. I don't think they mean anything sinister, but I'm not a fan of the "quit whining and trust us" model in the bitcoin arena. :/
I'm running a box where I'd like to curate my own blockchain server, and then connect to that with a lite client and encourage those close enough to me to do the same. I [posted this question]( asking for options, the recommendations were Electrum and Multibit.
I checked out both. Multibit doesn't support encrypted wallet yet, so I'll look again when it does. I followed the linked instructions (as well as the github instructions.. project has lots of different repos floating around. :P) for installing the server, which failed [and I discussed that failure in-situ here]( Other party's response? "Code it that way yourself".
@_date: 2012-12-05 03:43:25
I agree with "here for now", especially when it sparks a genuine discussion worth reading. Also know that you'll be bringing the bitcoin brigade, so if things look tense or hostile it's your call if you want our attention directed to the thread. ;3
If the volume starts getting too much, then it's best to revert to the other sub or even create a special "bitcointip evangelism" sub, lols :B
@_date: 2012-09-28 08:16:34
But this is Gavin. He's already the lead developer, and most directly in charge of what code gets released.
The project is open source, and won't stop being open source and independently audited or nobody would run the client. Least of all miners who's bottom line depends upon things ticking ahead smoothly.


"Control the funding of bitcoin"? What does that even mean, though? Bitcoin is a protocol, and it funds *itself* by way of block rewards and transaction fees. The only funding Gavin's foundation is talking about is amassing investment capitol to finance getting more code and useful projects written and to publish polished PR.
How do you "control legal aspects", and why would that matter if the government ultimately controls both the substance and interpretation of the underlying of law? Bitcoin is going to tick smoothly along it's mathematically prescribed and competitively balanced track regardless of what it's legal perception is. Be it savior or currency or commodity or play-dough or terrorist weapon. Bitcoin can't pay enough attention to how the law perceives it to give two shits simultaneously.
You're making it sound as though Bitcoin is some kind of a company, and that someone is wrestling for control over it. Gavin and his ilk already control as much as there is to be controlled, which is to say virtually nil.  They publish and curate the reference client, they invented the BIP standards committee we've already used the past two years to introduce and implement changes to the core protocol. There's no new control for them to rest that doesn't already lie at their feet.
IMO the real threat to the Bitcoin ecosystem today is the dependence we carry on the Mt Gox exchange. They carry the volume, they set the price, and hacks to them lead to pricing murder similar to what we saw July 2011. x(
@_date: 2012-12-12 14:12:09
+tip 0.05btc
This looks like a good article, which brings up food for thought on several important merchant-specific concerns.  :3
@_date: 2012-12-16 03:59:18
Correct, this is basically the SRS approach as well. They know they are a downvote brigade, but by saying "we're not a downvote brigade, honest!" in the sidebar and encouraging each other to be careful how they speak they work around this rule like the delightful little vermin that they are. ;3
What we can take away from this is to be honest, to know the rules, and feel free to hope for what you want to hope for but without touching the butterflies wings by naming it.
That way if an item gets upvoted, it's due to the merits of the content and not due to weak minds following weak commands. 
@_date: 2012-12-19 19:39:12
Bitpay, Bitmit, Bitcoinstore, MtGox (and a dozen other exchanges), Blockchain.info, Coinabul, tit4bit, and I could mention hundreds of hosting, VPN, electronics, local foods, survivalist and marginalized-lifestyle businesses but at some point you'd start triggering the no true Scotsman "hobbyist/advocacy" clause of your near tautology. :/
Silk road is one of the biggest, and there are magnitudes fewer profitable enterprises than using other payment systems such as paypal. But it's good not to rule out the people who are working hard to float their own endeavors, too. :3
@_date: 2012-12-07 03:02:09
Good to Xpost to too? :3
@_date: 2012-12-10 15:38:24
[other users]( have posted ideas like the bitcoin-qt client operating in SPV mode (perhaps even with a disclaimer banner) while it syncs up the blockchain, and then switching to full badass mode once the sync is complete.
I am up for that long-term goal. :3
BUT .. we will still be naturally feeding full node attrition and tear apart the network if we allow the bootstrap process to continue to grow exponentially. I've posted about it before, but there will inexorably come a day where it takes longer than 10 minutes for full time servers to sync each new (often complex) block, unless we resolve these same scaling issues.
@_date: 2012-10-04 04:58:10
BitInstant allows you to move money to other exchanges, they do not at present run their own exchange.
Many older exchanges like Mt Gox make it really challenging to get money in and out, due to regulations and agreements and favoring volume over penny ante clients. 
My solution is, avoid gox. xD
@_date: 2012-05-05 22:19:54
I guess the point is that the BTC they made during those days have no reason to rise (we're not sitting on any bubbles in a stable economy) and many reasons to fall (bitcoin just fails tomorrow: network attack, software bug, market scare, etc) so one might argue any BTC they still hang on to they do so as an exchange against the value it would be worth to cash out today, leaving them identical to people who buy that many bitcoins outright.
@_date: 2012-12-24 23:09:33
But even that's not as hopeless as it sounds. Just give them a honeypot datastream to spy on to satisfy their political voyeurism, and piggyback your actual payloads atop that with steganography. :B
@_date: 2012-11-02 02:33:17
Bitcoin is ~~anonymous~~ pseudonymous. People choose not to be. But if they put careful work into that pseudonymity, they can even aspire to be completely anonymous. :D
@_date: 2012-08-10 12:12:13
Even on Tor, the trouble becomes police advertise their honey pots and catch the filthy coin-handlers face to face. xD
@_date: 2012-12-25 17:40:15
Yeah, but I'm sure they would react the same way unless you trade *with*their*platform*. In particular, they will be upset that you are screwing up their people-herder statistics. :P
@_date: 2012-10-25 22:58:33
When you download a copy of the blockchain outside the client, and skip verifying the blocks, you are ostensibly risking that someone could give you a bogus copy of the blockchain. I understand an actual attack on that vector would be non-trivial, and fail within any handful of new blocks downloaded (either they don't also poison your nodes and you'll never get a new block blessing past bogus blocks, or they do poison all of your nodes and can't keep up with the official blockchain's hashrate..) but there do exist those who will spend 24 hours confirming just for that final 0.1% layer of security. :3
@_date: 2012-12-21 22:04:16
It would be hard to get hard figures to graph unless the markets voluntarily offered to publish them. :3
@_date: 2012-09-28 08:58:19
But to the outside world, Gavin's edicts look no different than a foundation's edicts.
Does the outside world differentiate between what The Linux Foundation does and what Linus does? Apple and Jobs? Mojang and Notch?
@_date: 2012-07-17 08:34:12
They should chart this at bitcoincharts then. x3
@_date: 2012-09-28 00:43:31
Of course.
This raises the question though: Who is trying to centralize Bitcoin?
@_date: 2012-11-24 00:58:50
The factors relevant to providing the right advice include:
* Where are you located (country)?
* How much are you looking to buy?
* What payment methods do you have available?
* How soon do you need access to the proceeds?
* Is privacy important?
The fees aren't trivial but you can use a credit card to purchase by using VirWoX where you can buy SLL using your credit card, then trade SLL for BTC:
* [
If you are in the U.S., there is one vendor that apparently is offering to sell via credit card. The coins aren't delivered for over a day but beggars can't be choosers, I suppose:
* 
Quite simply, depositing cash at a bank or 7-11, Walmart, CVS is going to be the fastest and easiest way.
*  (Deposit at major banks, 7-11, Walmart, CVS, Moneygram, etc.,)
*  (Deposit cash at Chase)
*  (Deposit cash at ~~Chase or Wells Fargo~~ Their cash deposit options are offline at present)
*  (Deposit at a bank in U.S., India, Australia)
*  (Deposit cash at several banks)
*  (Deposit cash at a bank in Australia)
*  (Purchase CashU or UKash in dozens of countries)
*  (Deposit cash (USD) at bank locations in Russia)
*  (Deposit cash (NZD) at back locations in New Zealand)
*  (In Brazil using Boleto or Banco Recomendito, or in Russia, using Qiwi or Cyberplat.)
Also, Bitcoins Direct will accept cash, but they have a $500 minimum order size:
*  (Deposit cash at Bank of America, Wells Fargo or PNC, minimum $500)
BitInstant now has an online bank transfer methods which supports a couple dozen countries:
* 
Or you might find a local trade (paying cash):
* 
Or if you are considering a bank transfer, there all kinds of options are available:
* 
(Cribbed from [sgornick](/user/sgornick) circa Oct 16, who normally posts these boilerplates ;3)
@_date: 2012-09-23 14:34:23
I agree split-key would be the highest priority on your shopping list.
Following that, tons of docs or helper apps or what have you to make *using* split key, and importing the resulting vanity keypair into a wallet, as fall-off-a-log easy as possible.
Following *that* somewhere, the few hours of scripting required to bake a firstbits checker into the page. Think of it as on par to the way most DNS registraars do a free check for alternate spellings or tld's of a domain name you want to register. :B
@_date: 2012-10-06 05:35:16
In the couple of paragraphs of an article, I expect a journalist to discuss unambiguous facts, not amusing and misleading sensationalism. 
Or perhaps you'd like the author of your pre-election biography to opine how much you have in common with Charles Manson, leaving it as an exercise to the reader to work out that those things consist primarily of "biped" and "smug"?
@_date: 2012-12-13 00:30:26
The Don't Bubble site (admittedly, sponsored by duckduckgo) says that incognito mode doesn't help either; that Google taints search results as best they can to your IP address when cookies fail them.
When I tried duckduckgo directly, I don't see reddit listed anywhere on [the first page of results for Bitcoin](
@_date: 2012-12-12 12:59:49
He is providing helpful, accurate perspective to people who have lost funds and to everyone who hears about the report.
@_date: 2012-12-28 20:08:51
But even small claims court costs money, doesn't it? Or what's to stop everyone who got cold fries at McDonalds from taking them to court over a buck fifty nine? ;3
@_date: 2012-12-05 20:43:26
Off the top of my head, rallying attention and funding into software projects to enhance the Bitcoin ecosystem, and focusing and organizing positive public relations.
In your opinion are there negative aspects about this initiative? If you think there are negative aspects, can you name them, and explain why you see them as negative?
@_date: 2012-04-29 22:59:37
Doesn't stop paypal from encouraging users to send money to arbitrary email addresses.
@_date: 2012-09-04 01:04:51
Neilso really gets my blood boiling actually, and I *still* got upset he wasn't allowed to speak his peace.
Now I feel confused. :O
@_date: 2012-12-29 13:38:27
Every address is paired with both a public key and a private key.
Partly due to the oncoming Quantum Computing issue, Satoshi did design the system such that to accept revenue you only need to publish an address, and that is a *hash* of the public key. That is not enough information for a quantum computer to really gain traction against brute forcing it.
It is not until you spend your first coin from an address that the actual public key gets broadcast to the network, and then the bitcoin-qt client by default empties the entire address into a brand new change address, continuing to stay ahead of the marginally improved quantum attack surface.
Because the advent of quantum computing could possibly become an issue over a very short time frame, and many bitcoin users have frozen their assets for a long enough time frame they would not be able to evacuate them rapidly, this is a very good arrangement. Those who come back after a long hiatus to notice their frozen assets were barely protected from the advance of QC can still re-allocate these funds into a new-style address in a single spend, leap-frogging the threat. :3
@_date: 2012-07-02 04:13:41
Thank you sir, I guess I'm also curious what the "manual approvals" are about. You'd guess that payments like this could be automated through API or something, right? There aren't really any fraud vectors, are there?
Again, if I'm passing ~1usd, I'm willing to pay fees up to 30% or more for expedited service. $10usd, 3-10% is cool. I think much of the market would agree with that, and it ought to be cost effective if the entire pipeline is automated.
EDIT: I hope he's not upset with the "cut and run" comment, skepticism is healthy in unregulated ecosystems like this. From the buyer's perspective, if you're stacking cash transactions together to meet a minimum, then you've got that many more eggs in a basket if things get sour. As far as transaction volume, I'm sure the long tail has got quite a bit of it. I think more than half of normal paypal transactions are likely in the $100usd or less range, since there are so many people doing person to person business that way, and larger volumes are easy enough to process with alternate financial instruments.
I'm not wanting to tell anyone their business, I'm only curious the circumstances which prevent folks from automating BTC-&gt;paypal transactions, since there's got to be a helluva market out there for micropayments just waiting to be tapped.
@_date: 2012-09-29 21:00:15
Srsly though, night drop ski mask suggestion is legit. I just had to work my way there.
It's night. Nobody will hassle you about why you're wearing a ski mask. If some rentacop stops you, just tell them you wanted to make an anonymous donation and to MTOB. Make your deposit drop, filling out the slip with Bitfloor or BitInstant's deposit information. You get credited, you never get on camera and you never pay Moneygram's ginormous fees.
Alternately: tumble your coins. Always tumble your coins.
Why would the state ever pressure to get your identity to begin with if you're tumbling your coins like a responsible mensh? :P
@_date: 2012-07-21 00:23:27
I am not a fan of MtGox and ESPECIALLY not Dwolla.
Are you trying to optimize most for delays, fees, or effort? Are you more interested in getting your funds to MtGox USD in particular, or Bitcoins in your wallet?
The best way would be to have your employer keep a bitcoin balance themselves, and simply send you all or part of your paycheck as bitcoins. That's easiest to do if they accept bitcoin transactions from customers too. Not sure how adaptable your company is, but if they have an ear you can bend, I would check that out first. ;3
If you have cash-on-hand, [bitfloor.com]( is a market similar to MtGox that I use extensively that has the fastest cash-to-account process I know. You tell them the USD amount, print out their chase account number and instructions which are valid for 24 hours. Deposit your cash at any chase branch to the account they list, they will credit your bitfloor account in less than 12 hours (though I've never seen it take more than 1 hour lol) with NO FEES. 8I  Trade to BTC there, and withdraw BTC.
If you don't want to deal in hard cash at all, another option that will take some effort to get into (but I do easily enough) is establish an account on the Virtual World game [Secondlife]( You can purchase Second Life "Linden Dollars" (L$ or SLL, ~256L = 1usd, price steady for over 6 years) and two different exchanges: [The Rock Trading]( and [VirWoX]( allow you to deposit your SLL with them and then trade SLL directly to bitcoin.
Caveats on SLL route: market capacity isn't huge yet, so check depth and prices before you buy in there. Cap to buy SLL with USD credit card is pretty high, but cap to deposit SLL into those markets starts out very low so people can build reputation and to discourage chargeback fraud. You'd need to build up your rep with these guys (and probably email them) to push $10usd equivalent starter deposit limits into the hundreds. VirWoX has higher volume and market depth than The Rock, but cannot trade fractions of BTC. I have used both extensively with no trouble so far. :3
All of the markets I've mentioned so far are listed on [bitcoincharts.com](
Finally, if you can find [local cash traders]( then you have that option too. You may also check in with Reddit user [Julian702]( who often keeps an amazon wishlist and will pay people in bitcoin to buy him things from the list.
I guess the trick is, once money is in the bank someone's got to convert it to some form protected from chargeback concerns before folks will accept it as payment for BTC.
Good luck, sir!
@_date: 2012-07-19 01:40:44


So what happens when MAFIAA threatens the owners of the servers? I imagine they would just shut you off, would that mean all uploaded files at that point would be lost; or are you mirroring to backup locations just waiting for such an eventuality?
@_date: 2012-12-05 04:19:56
Yip, it is definitely game-centric with non-players as an afterthought.
Thing to keep in mind is, VirWoX leans heavily on Secondlife's own anti-fraud mechanisms in order to provide the service that they do safely.
Also, their core business is to support their centralized OMC "Open Metaverse Currency), which is used on most Secondlife clone grids. They keep order books between 8 or 9 different currencies, and in order to keep the spreads low they hub that to their most popular currency, which happens to be lindens.
While it might sound like you'd save money if they opened a separate order book to directly trade USD&lt;-&gt;BTC, you'd strangely enough lose money (and of course they'd lose potential commission fees too, or have to raise them to recoup) since the volume per book would drop and the spread would open up quite a bit. 
The day I can't wait for is when they start doing more BTC business than LL, then they can either make BTC their new hub currency, or add it as a hub alongside LL. :D
@_date: 2012-12-27 12:54:57
Well there's nothing *wrong* with it, per se.
Unlike Coinstar, if you gather trillions of tiny unspent inputs you'll still be able to consolidate those at a later date for a reasonable fee so long as you don't mind waiting a few confirmations for your transaction to clear. :3
@_date: 2012-05-05 21:55:10
In November, the reward is going to cut in half.
Nobody is making 2:1 revenue to expense to mining today, so the number of active miners is likely to plummet and I think we'll start seeing the first instance of a large enough number of miners in the network setting fee thresholds.. both aggregate and individual. Their gear might power down when aggregate is not available in all uncleared transactions, they'll power up their gear when it is, and then not include transactions below the individual thresholds in their blocks.
It might seem to defy the nash equilibrium to set individual thresholds like that, but I do expect once we see the first shock of competition enough individuals will be goaded to try it that it becomes a noticeable force. Probably something along the lines of:
I = N/M
* I = minimum individual fee-per-kilobyte I'll accept in this block
* N = how many BTCs I need to make in fees for a block to break even
* M = the maximum number of kilobytes it's possible to fit in a block, regardless how many I can get this time around
Just so that there is a constant fee my mining operation can say it allows.. so that even if every offer in the world were exactly this fee, it is still possible to wait until I can absolutely stuff a block and work on mining that, breaking even.
A Practical formula would probably be more complex, taking into account variables like "how long in realtime am I liable to wait for a block" and such, but setting a simple-for-others-to-follow minimum "my own dignity" fee can be valuable enough to have impact even in a wild network like this one.
Because every miner who does it represents a (probability they'll mine the next block) likelihood that your transaction will get delayed by at least one block if you offer less than that.
I think between a completely practical, aggregate threshold for powering up and down, and a much longer-term, principled individual threshold (which, let's be honest.. if you set it right, you'll never turn away more than pennies) miners (and even pools! O: ) can effectively balance participation with profit when the rewards start to become more variable.
What I can't predict is what this might do to the volatility of available processing power, and the consequences that might come after that. ;3
@_date: 2012-07-05 00:34:06
Mt gox hash compromise (at least, the only one I am aware of) was June 2011, just before that major sell-off. [citation](
If OP created his account (or even updated his password) more recently than that, then he would be safe from that specific attack vector.
@_date: 2012-05-28 06:36:29
7 Billion people in the world, 210 Trillion Satoshis.
What were we talking about, again? :B
@_date: 2012-12-10 15:01:09
Some important points:
1\. blockchain.info has already had an outage 7 months back. [thread 1]( [thread 2]( and users at the time were concerned because their funds were locked up, but mostly everyone just waited with baited breath for service to come back up.
Briefly after this incident and after coming back online, BCI implemented their option to automatically back up to Google Drive, Dropbox, and email.
All we need to do from website is encourage people to use that backup feature.
2\. You don't have to run faster than the bear. From a new-user experience, including when downtime happens, not including if funds get stole, BCI still outperforms the stock client. Because BCI aggravates users *sometimes* when/if it has an outage. Stock client aggravates users *every time*, during the all-important first impression.
@_date: 2012-12-22 00:34:37
I think everyone here is responding to you classifying it as a "Bitcoin-related disaster". That phrase suggests, whether that was your intent or not, that the disaster was in some way due to a fault in the way that Bitcoin functions. One must be careful to correlate items so as not to imply causality, if one does not desire unnecessary corrections. :J 
@_date: 2012-12-11 19:53:56


Well, to be honest those links were not there a few days ago. I think the design guys are adding that as we speak in response to this basic discussion, here and on bitcointalk. Archive.org doesn't have any examples newer than [July 2011]( but you can see the link arrangement is almost the same minus the bits you are pointing out: I believe that was true until only a few days ago, now.
Now whether the wording could use some more tweaking to direct new users properly remains to be seen. (namely, users might click "download windows installer" before even thinking to check "show all clients") I'm comfortable sitting back and seeing if we get more user complaints or not though. :)


Oh, I was never recommending endorsing a different client as "default". I still wanted Bitcoin-QT to be touted as the "main client", though tempered with a disclaimer and listed among other alternatives, more or less similar to what they are doing now under the "see all bitcoin clients" link.
@_date: 2012-10-30 11:10:10
Meh, like h2sbacteria says, just run different blockchains at each major planetary body and then trade amongst them. He suggests using Ripple for this, which I don't know enough about to either endorse or dissuade, but worst case scenario just mining the local currency and trading the slower, but still functional-to-trade remote currencies to settle interplanetary debt would do the trick.
Think of it this way: Martians would be *capable* of mining Earth Bitcoin, but the delay would put them at a highly extreme disadvantage, leading to significant waste in their hashpower. Nearly every block they mine would lose to a longer chain on Earth, making that mined block useless. Some would get through, even when it's beyond the 10 lightminute tipping point. That range only determines whether better than half of it's block attempts fail.
Likewise Earth could mine Martian bitcoin, and succeed more just because it would likely have magnitudes more hashpower at it's disposal to waste in said direction. It might even be worth Mars lowering their average blockrate from 10 minutes to 6, just to undermine the Terran advantage and prevent spatio-political temptation to mount 51% attacks.
Terrans and Martians could submit transactions on each other's chains, and simply wait roundtrip time + desired number of confirmations for the remote receiver to be confident in receiving the coin; regardless whether transaction was first notarized by a miner local or remote to the sender. Local sender would, however, get faster confirmation of his own spend if a local miner picks up the transactions (1x roundtrip + conf) than a proper, remote one (2x roundtrip + conf).
This formula for ordinary transactions would carry on unabated, allowing more and more patient transactions to clear at any distance, including interstellar. In fact, bitcoin requiring no 3-way handshake makes it functionally optimal for interstellar money transactions.
But miners would waste greater and greater percentages of their personal hashpower trying to participate in remote blockchains the farther they get away, reaching 50% waste at ten lightminutes and raising quickly from there (%waste exactly equals %likelihood a local block is found in distance minutes, which is insignificant for intraplanetary latency) making interstellar mining (or even interplanetary beyond a couple of AUs, or at all if poorer planets lower their average blockrate) entirely worthless.
@_date: 2012-10-17 23:49:35
We all more or less love gold here too, but you cannot reliably transmit gold wealth to an untrusted party over a distance. Bitcoin carries with it every practical benefit gold has, plus it can be transacted over a distance more trivially than any other non-centralized, unique asset in human history.
"Tangible" is only relevant to people who feel confident in their ability to [secure]( and to [authenticate]( physical goods. Digitial goods require different security methods — which many merchants and exchanges are still learning the hard way — but reliable authentication is certainly a lot easier.
@_date: 2012-11-11 12:17:57
I like the TechNewsToday theme the most, out of those. :3
Also, thanks for clarifying there was such a thing as "idliketobeatree". Trolling the hecksauce out of peeps with that shiz! xD
@_date: 2012-09-28 01:05:58
And then, as of now, it's login system is back offline. ;P
@_date: 2012-10-10 00:33:59
They got Armory working on a phone?
I just emailed the author this morning to find out that the CLI features are [barely baked]( yet. x3
@_date: 2012-10-29 22:25:51


Abridged list of benefits of Bitcoin over Cash:
* Can transact over the internet without yielding to a third party along the way.
* Cannot supply-inflate (beyond the prescribed mining protocol).
* More expensive to counterfeit. 12 terahashes of compute power costs more than laserprinting a note onto some cloth-paper.
Abridged list of benefits of Cash over Bitcoin
* Accepted by more sellers of goods and services, including the IRS.
Please list whatever other differences lead you to ascribe a magical "worth" to cash that Bitcoin lacks.
Or, you know. Just insult people and act like a retard. I must admit that is also mildly entertaining. :3
@_date: 2012-10-05 10:11:14
Ad Hominem also makes you look ignorant.
@_date: 2012-11-28 02:04:33
VirWoX holds funds for up to 48 hours until you've established a good relationship with them, and that's not related to how many hours a foreigner works per week, it's related to diminishing risk of people running fraud schemes in other payment avenues (like Secondlife) initiating chargebacks.
Once you've run some money through those pipes and established a relationship, the withdrawals are instant (pending normal confirmations) up to your established withdrawal limits.
@_date: 2012-07-16 23:56:43
Sounds fair, but how would you measure bitcoin's organic value?
Problem is there aren't a lot of avenues to pay for normal goods in bitcoin, so all prices are pegged against USD. I see BTC price as basically "are there more people looking to buy into bitcoin or sell out of it?"
When ever more people are looking to sell out, that's when the price will fall again.
@_date: 2012-10-28 01:31:39
So most European countries trading both Euros and local currency like Pounds, Drachmas, Swiss Francs, etc makes the local currencies scrip?
I are confuse. xD
@_date: 2012-11-28 01:57:55
I for one am confused by the concept of the market anticipating future supply.
In my perspective, Bitcoins are priced relative to supply and demand today. People won't need a bitcoin more or less today based on how many they think there will or won't be tomorrow. Such predictions may fuel various kinds of speculation, but while the exact supply both today and tomorrow are known the behavior of speculators remains quite scattered.
That being the case, if you assume today's price relative to USD is defined by demand for bitcoin divided by supply available instead of relative currency friction (eg, worth $12usd today because it was worth $12usd yesterday, irrespective of a 2x jump in consumer price index during the same period) then I see it as inevitable that todays price would be tied to todays supply and not tomorrows. Then a sudden ebb in new supply with no matching ebb in new demand would lead to a steady upward trend in price relative to usd.
Price could not be reasonably expected to inflate in anticipation, unless you simply trust speculation to move a market with that much precise utility. But that's not reasonable since an easily predictable supply curve over time does not help us predict the demand volume over time. The believers will remain bullish on that while the panicked will vacillate and the bears never entered the market to begin with.
@_date: 2012-05-01 04:09:14
And a questionable one at that.
Though to be honest, this is a teakettle/teapot distinction.
@_date: 2012-12-03 21:50:25
lolhookas x3
@_date: 2012-08-11 01:18:51
[Shameless plug, activate!](
@_date: 2012-10-24 02:43:47
Already discussed in [this earlier thread]( Long story short, you can't arbitrage this difference because you cannot buy USD with Rial at the government-sanctioned rate, unless you are specifically using and accounting for that USD in government-directed spending efforts (eg, they won't let you buy more Bitcoin with it. :P)
The government rate is basically a falsehood, and the only real rate is the black market rate which you must not get caught trading.
@_date: 2012-12-23 08:33:26
Yes it was. In 2010. Nobody was accepting it for fiat, it was only used by about a hundred people in the whole world and only heard of by a few thousand. So few people were mining it that you could nab 50 with your CPU in 30-60 minutes on average.
There was also a time when Van Gogh couldn't give away his paintings in exchange for a drink in the pub. Now they are collectively worth Billions, with a B.
If you want in on that action, then just get out there in the world and identify the next Van Gogh before anyone else does. Accept all his works in exchange for beers or pizzas, and pass down your treasures to your kids as they continue to appreciate and eventually be worth Billions of 2012usd. Identify the next startup which will grow as big as Apple or Google, and buy 10% share in it today for a few thousand bux.
People are rewarded in life for backing the right horse, and that is a nontrivial feat to accomplish.
@_date: 2012-12-24 23:20:53
Steam just hates the grey market. I'm not sure what to say, here.
OTOH, *selling* steam games is against the ToS, but I don't see anything about *buying* them from a third party being. EG, OP SteamGames seems to be shouldering all the risk here. I think it would be tres bad PR if Steam decided to punish people who buy from him without some other related scandal involved. D:
@_date: 2012-09-21 20:19:18
Steam doesn't have a lot to risk with Bit-pay or bitcoin though. It's not going to get a lot of volume in bitcoin payments, and bit-pay offers a very narrow window of risk (no more than 24-48 hours worth of inbound bitcoin payments could vanish to the ether before Steam stopped receiving ACH, and shut off the faucet on the accepting side), unlike VISA 100% of the fees can easily be customer-facing. 
And best of all, virtually no overhead on digitally distributed video games t chalk up as "loss" if $1,000usd retail worth of stock fails to recoup. :P
At the end of the day, haters should *encourage* steam to accept bitcoin, because if they believe it will fail so bad then the story of steam "giving it a shot" would be lots of negative PR to shut down our alleged scam empire with no black eye to them. :P
@_date: 2012-08-16 12:25:21
This I will habs to investigorate. Thanks, mate! :D
@_date: 2012-08-21 01:57:09
I'm actually also interested on what the top chart means, and I helped *answer* questions in the thread you posted. ;3
The bottom chart I comprehend. It is like the Mt Gox live chart, or the VirWox depth chart. It is cumulative.
But OP is correct that the spikes in the top chart *do not* correspond with the jogs in the bottom chart. In OP image for example, the biggest spike in the blue/sell side of the top chart lines up with one of the most mellow areas in the blue/sell side of the bottom, cumulative chart. ie, Nothing accumulated at that price. :P
@_date: 2012-10-16 19:10:43
According to [this article]( it's more like 1751^12, which doesn't make it any less stupidly impossible to permute all combinations. :3
@_date: 2012-10-02 06:53:09
[Bitfloor]( is cheaper tho. Just saiyan.
Also TangibleCryptography has some kind of service for $500 and up I keep hearing about to purchase coin, but I can't remember what it's called just now and my Google-fu is failing me. :P
@_date: 2012-10-31 23:08:40
That's strange.
My local copy of firefox (v16) does not complain. Both Firefox and Chrome report that the StartCom Class 2 Primary Intermediate Server CA referred to elsewhere in this thread is valid until Oct 22 2017.
However here are the results I get from online SSL checkers:
* [SSL Shopper]( claims there are no SSL certs offered for that host. (it's possible that checker just doesn't speak TLS 1.0 properly :P)
* [Digicert]( says the StarCom cert expires Oct 22, 2012.
* [Networking4All]( also says the StarCom cert expires Oct 22, 2012.
* [GeoCerts]( (you've got to click "check SSL" to see the report) also says the StarCom cert expires Oct 22, 2012, BUT goes ahead and incorrectly gives that chain a green light anyhow. ;P
@_date: 2012-09-16 05:43:00
God's work, son. :B
@_date: 2012-05-21 21:07:12
I think most of the points you're mentioning here are pretty badly characterized.
Put simply, money is a commodity with the added value of being easy to use as a unit of transaction. Inflation makes money a little easier to transact than deflation does, because reliable inflation encourages holders to keep the money liquid, under the assumption that anything you invest in today will hold it's value more than the currency will, where deflation may cause them to hoard the commodity in expectation of rising sale price and deign to invest in fewer alternative goods or services.
But looking at only that effect is an oversimplification. Deflation *only* pertains to the rising value of a unit of currency *compared* to other goods or services that currency is exchangeable for. It's also a function of speculation: the guaranteed scarcity of a currency does *not* mean it's exchangeable value is destined to go up. Drops in other factors such as utility or popularity can still debase any scarce commodity.
One factor which will always allow a currency to change hands, no matter how stark the deflation, is when individual actors find cases where they can exchange their lucrative currency for even more lucrative goods and services. In the case of Bitcoin, it's any time you want to make a transaction where using CC or Paypal or other means is simply impractical. Today that includes Silk Road, donations to wikileaks, gambling, or doing business with any merchants who just really like bitcoin or doesn't want to put up with the standard USD payment systems.
If you already hold coins, you might buy more with CC or Paypal specifically for this transaction, or spend the coins you have and then later buy more to replenish your stockpile.
But in the end, who cares? Bitcoin has two (out of many) potential uses. One is hoarding, the other is transacting. Because it is infinitely divisible — it's as easy to transact 0.0000001 BTC as it is to transact 1,000,000 BTC — then even if 99% of all BTC were either frozen by hoarders or destroyed, the remaining 1% would remain perfectly viable for the entire world to transact.
The real worry about deflation is that mixed hoarding signals can lead to trading-price instability. But to be perfectly honest, such effects have never been measured with an infinitely divisible commodity before (one with no marginal transport costs that correlate to the volume transacted) and many of us believe that with no transaction costs there would be no signal instability. Whoever wants to transact can at any volume they wish, regardless of who is hoarding how much. Value of the bitcoin should never drop due to the commodity becoming difficult to wield, since you can smoothly continue to wield smaller and smaller pieces of it as the unit value grows.
@_date: 2012-10-31 11:55:05
Strikes me as a link dump coupled with some really basic PR for a handful of the sites. Given how aerial the overview is, coupled with how basic the actual information presented is, it's not clear who is the intended audience.
People who could actually use info like this should probably also get some warnings and disclaimers so that they won't blithely put their money or their identity in danger. ;3
@_date: 2012-09-26 20:41:33
They're space stations. :D
@_date: 2012-10-21 12:51:09
aww, no reply? :/
Hope the bots not having breakdowns. :O
@_date: 2012-10-29 21:52:18
Hey, if you don't want that percent, let somebody else have it.
Most businesses run a thin margin. If you only make 5% net profit out of your gross revenue, then shaving 1% off your transaction fees increases your profits by one fifth.
@_date: 2012-09-18 22:19:22
Yep, and then I called the number posted on their website. Left a message on their Google Voice account.
Three weeks, and no reply now.
@_date: 2012-11-28 19:34:56
Heck, I think Bitpay should straight up spearhead this endeavor. :O
@_date: 2012-11-30 22:47:43
I'm sorry that you lost the argument, but take comfort in the knowledge that your position is not misapplied in a culinary sense.
@_date: 2012-11-15 01:11:57


That sounds like a mention of bitcoin to me. 
Also, donated. w00t! :D
@_date: 2012-11-28 02:37:38
Downloading the blockchain through Tor is simplesauce. Running the 0.7 qt client with a standard speed platter disk, you're still verifying much more slowly than you'll download through a halfway decent Tor circuit. :P
@_date: 2012-11-16 22:57:55
Exactly what legal risk are you talking about?
Wikipedia accepts donations. They do not have to worry about remunerating a product. They just get paid. What legal liability do they face by getting paid in Bitcoin?


It's asymmetrical in the accepting business' favor. They get paid, we pay them. The only benefit we, the bitcoin community get is demonstrating to more people that we could be paying them too.
You ARE spewing FUD, because you are fabricating a legal liability for individuals to accept donations denominated in Bitcoin and then hinging your entire spiel on that.
@_date: 2012-12-12 02:39:01
I have no idea if I've even got the patience to futz around with a greasemonkey script, but here is some more dividends of awexomeness. :D
+tip 0.3btc
@_date: 2012-08-21 20:30:30
Ahhh, the *horizontal* scales are different .. so the spikes do not *visually* line up from one graph to another. It's like the bottom graph is zoomed out compared to the top one. :3
Well that's annoying xD  If it were me, I would just bury spikes in the area under the curves of the cumulative depth chart. Plenty of room there, perfect correspondence between the two types of data, and folk could be invited to zoom in or out to their heart's content. :P
@_date: 2012-06-01 03:05:58
This description is moderately in-depth, so that tinkerers can understand.
More in-depth would name all the encryption protocols and talk about the distributed network of miners, the transaction ledger, how the difficulty is computed and talk about the block scripting capabilities.
Less in-depth would focus on how to *use* the system instead of how it works under the hood. "Download this app, use the addresses it generates to trade bitcoins back and forth just as you use email addresses to send and receive messages".
@_date: 2012-10-07 05:51:25
More or less, yes it is in fact. But thanks for the spiteful downvotes anyway. Intellectual envy is quite flattering. :3
@_date: 2012-05-21 21:28:04
No, he means all of the addresses currently in use. You can just cull a list out of the blockchain after all, all addresses which have ever received money and/or currently hold balance are public knowledge.. and you do not require recipient permission to push money at people.
@_date: 2012-10-13 08:39:46
Seeing the GLBSE banner at that conference makes me upset. T-T
@_date: 2012-10-09 21:57:23


I reckon that would put the hardware in his budget then, but I wonder how the monthlies of cell service or gaining access to wifi in international areas compare to the expense of using an internet cafe. 
If it all pencils out, then bitcoin on smartphone using blockchain.info app with automagic backup to google drive would be unusually difficult to thieve, even for international rural users; moreso even than cash! :D
There would still be a knowledge divide, of course. Using and securing bitcoin pre-supposes a decent understanding of the internet. But I don't mind an ecosystem which rewards the x% of rural population who can master their meager access to global watering hole. :3
@_date: 2012-08-17 23:55:44
bitfloor cash deposit fee: 0%.
Trading fee: 0.4%
Provider Rebate (when you post limit order instead of market order) 0.1%
When you're not leaving your accounts in the market, you save on fees to move the money and pay that back just a touch in the commission rate.
* Mtgox 3% + 0.04% = 3.04%
* bitfloor 0% + 0.4% - 0.1% = 0.3%
it's obvious which is cheaper. :D
[bitfloor fees](
EDIT: [I see]( you misprinted your MtGox commission in OP post (you should edit OP post, btw ;D) so that makes your MtGox 3.4% total, right?
@_date: 2012-10-01 23:16:39
or you'll keep your USD on file for longer (yes, a bit more risk.. though keeping USD there has been lower risk than keeping BTC there, and you can move the small stages of BTC as orders clear) while people sell into your wall.
@_date: 2012-10-23 21:37:00
Hmm. I've read about ssss before, but I don't immediately see how one could use this as a building block in an m-of-n bitcoin transaction. The obstacle I foresee is that ssss by default requires one party to know the ultimate secret, at least temporarily, and then to split that secret into shares held by N others, M of which must collaborate to rebuild the original secret.
In a bitcoin implementation, one coherent party would still need to be trusted to curate a unicast private key for long enough to create secret shares to share with the non-fully-trusted share holders. This might work fine for WPS services, where the primary client creates shares and then quickly erases the high profile original key for their own protection, then distributing the shares to their public wallet, WPS protector, and potentially to cold storage as well. But 2-of-3 escrow doesn't have any single party which could be trusted to even get that ball rolling; as whoever they are the temptation to hold onto the original key to steal the escrowed funds would be too great.
You do use the phrase "split keys" here, and I don't know if by that you simply mean "create a private key and then 'split' that into shares" as I've described above, or if you're inferring some clever algo similar to split-key vanity address mining. If the latter, I'd certainly be interested to hear more; but I cannot trivially imagine how such an algo would break down for more than 2 incompletely trusted parties at a time. ;3
@_date: 2012-09-18 16:48:57
Someone copied and pasted [The Wikipedia article about Bitcoin]( into a terrible page format. Zero other content here, move along.
@_date: 2012-11-26 10:13:56
I used to use the shit out of [dataram.com RAMdisk]( Free version supports RAM disks up to 4GB in size, and I've synced the blockchain on that tons of times. Personal licence ($18.99usd) let's you go past 4GB.
I have not heard of or tried the "ImDisk" the rest of the thread is endorsing, though. If that's free and +4GB, then I would try that out firstness. :D
@_date: 2012-05-31 05:38:03
I am also interested in this.
Escrow is a strange case in bitcoin, you need a service which is well anchored and has gained trust from the userbase in case they pilfer all the funds or get hacked while your funds are being held. :O
But without it, it's difficult to trust other participants in certain transactions, especially larger ones, since there is no chargeback capacity (which makes many other payment systems like Paypal a shitty form of escrow :P)
@_date: 2012-12-23 09:23:35
Basically when you "create" money out of thin air, by loaning that to your friends, they are promising to you that they will pay you back a million dollars or cancel the debt through other means. This normally happens because you sold them a million dollars of goods, or [did a million dollars of favors]( and they simply couldn't pay you back right away. So you accept their IOUs.
Now you take your node offline, you're simply refusing to be paid back. Not sure why you'd want to do that, but I don't think anypony is complaining. :P
So let's [reverse the polarity]( Say you want to write a mil worth of IOU's to your friends, and *then* go into hiding so you never have to pay it back. Alright, fair enough. But 1&gt; you'd have to have close friends who trust you that much (and you would demonstrably be destroying that trust), because they'll set your credit limit to whatever they want. And B), nobody will be directly impacted by your tantrum accept for these direct friend relationships that you failed.
To give a chain example, say you want to take out 1 mil in credit collectively from a hundred friends to ripple 1 mil worth of currency to AcmeCo through a hundred-ish chains. To pay for them sending you 1mil worth of widgets.
You get the widgets, then run off. Your 100 friends are out an average of 10k each because they were dumb enough to trust you. They still have to pay that 10k upstream, or follow you into hiding.
The only people who can get hurt in this system are those who choose direct friends to trust badly.
@_date: 2012-05-21 21:43:51
But any job *can* pay you in BTC if they are amenable to it. Just buy BTC, give you the coins in leui of other currency, and figure out how to handle the accounting and taxes involved. You've just got to decide who's eating the currency conversion cost (including personnel effort), though that should diminish if your company begins to foster a BTC revenue stream.
The thing I like about OP's idea, is it gives a company a reason *to* foster a BTC revenue stream. Why accept BTC if it's just a pain to turn into "real money" and the company doesn't need drugs or alpaca socks?
OP's saying, make Labor something you can buy in BTC. :3
@_date: 2012-12-05 01:27:55
Takes another look at.
For me the challenge is there's not a lot of artists on board yet. I thought about purchasing something, but I'm not a fan of either of these artists' work. ;3
I also posted a journal on FA pimping you out to my friends, no response there tho. :S
I re-iterate my previous recommendation to put feelers out into the SL community. It's got a lot of artists who might want to climb onboard, and SL people can easily move funds to and from Bitcoin via [VirWoX]( The fees are even cheaper for people already maintaining SL balances, or making money in SL as I do since you're skipping the CC/paypal step and the converting USD&lt;-&gt;L$ step. 
Once you've got more artists, I think it's easier to grow more demand and individual consumers will feel greater imputus to break the ice on Bitcoin, too. :3
@_date: 2012-12-10 15:20:20
[I tried the prerelease]( This includes all the planned optimization bits. 
@_date: 2012-08-25 00:57:03


Ooer, this sounds counter to their advertised aims. Do you have any more information on this claim I could read about, good sir? :3
@_date: 2012-09-27 00:27:48
I'd post a [WTS] to as well linking to your bitmit ad, maybe a post in bitcointalk (I don't go to that place but they must have a classifieds capability somewhere, rite?) and anywhere else simple to get the word out on your offer.
Compare your prices with USD prices, make sure you are at least roughly competitive. It's no more fair for a seller to surcharge a buyer in this market than it would be to vice versa.
@_date: 2012-12-27 13:41:03
Well sure, the advantage in collecting mili's or similar is when you're doing so in crazy volume, like SatoshiDice do. :3
In the meantime, here is a few dozen milis you can play wit. :B
+tip 0.04btc
@_date: 2012-10-25 21:37:34
How would it be a dirivitive form of USD? If USD is undergoing devaluation and deflates, while other forms of currency such as gold and bitcoin happen not to, why would I allow assets to linger in the former? Better to purchase the state fiat for it's only useful purpose, and hold it for the shortest time possible. (This of course presupposes gp's insinuation of a future where USD hyperinflates.) 
@_date: 2012-09-28 00:50:56
[It's up for me]( might have been fixed since your report. :3
@_date: 2012-07-02 00:00:39
I wish I could reply in that topic; I am interested what purpose the minimum payment serves. I'm willing to pay X% fee in exchange for getting a small BTC-&gt;Paypal transaction cleared in a timely fashion. I don't understand what risk or cost they are carrying that would encourage a flat minimum. But I do fear services with minimum transactions like that, since it increases how much is in the hopper if the provider decides to cut and run. :/
@_date: 2012-10-26 04:50:09
You can, which would be stupendously fast. Then the question remains:
How do you verify the hash?
@_date: 2012-10-10 21:08:34
You can't pay your US taxes in Euros either, but Wikimedia accepts donations in Euros.
@_date: 2012-12-16 02:32:51
I agree. Much probably to the consternation of with whom I've debated this point a number of times, this reminds me of a petulant child whinging that they are hungry, but then turning their nose up when you offer them a meal because it's "not what they are hungry for" (eg, not a candy bar).
WM does not debate the nutritional value of this food. They are simply finicky enough to demonstrate that our contributions wouldn't have an impact on them starving to begin with.
redditacct's [entire argument]( revolves around the idea that WM could expose themselves to "[untested legal dangers]( To me, this just indicates that they are too beholden to a corrupt legal landscape to be fair curators of factual material to begin with. If they can reject a donation of money over worries of what the high and mighty might think, then what stops them from rejecting the submission of a controversial, though well cited and factually accurate article?
And more importantly, how could we know if they aren't already doing that? I really don't trust a xenophobe to provide an unbiased lens on the world.
@_date: 2012-08-23 09:46:57
The prepaid cards you are refering to are simply the ones OTC traders and hobby shops sell, and accept bitcoin to give to you. Those are "disposable" prepaid cards, and only they currently get sold because you'd have to prove you were the original purchaser in order to refill them otherwise. They are basically gift cards.
BitInstant is gearing up to offer a card more like [Green Dot]( does, but these *are* also refered to as "prepaid cards".
The only difference between a prepaid card and a debit card is whether or not it is funded by a traditional bank account. 
@_date: 2012-08-11 01:26:04
People who also carry driver's licences, for one?
Anyhow, "bitcoin debit card" means you get to spend bitcoin everywhere that already accepts debit card. That's why everyone wants it.
You want to pay mobile? Go to every brick store in the world and make them adopt an exotic new PoS system for the tiny bitcoin buying community. Go on, I'll wait here. :P
@_date: 2012-12-05 01:23:00
My recommendations:
It might be good to build a table showing different purchase options, sortable (javascript table sorting is the bomb :D) by many columns, such as: expected turnaround time, expected fees, estimated volume (a good proxy to reputation), minimum batch size, maximum batch size, and amount of complications involved (eg: going outside, verifying identity, trading between other currencies, etc)
Maybe even have different columns to sort total agregate fees depending on batch size. $50 is more expensive to move with a $10 flat fee while $500 is more expensive to move with a 6% aggregate fee (like the [VirWoX]( / [Secondlife]( stack).
Also, do you have a similar site for how to cash Bitcoins out to popular national currencies? Emergencies happen, and sometimes you've got to liquidate your savings instruments, so knowing how to do so quickly and/or inexpensively is pretty helpful. I think it's helpful to know where the exits are when you buy in, as well. :3
@_date: 2012-12-31 20:19:08
Probably the best way to look at things is that Bitcoin today is on par with The Internet in 1994.
Everyone knows it's the future, but you can't exactly shop for your groceries with it yet. And there's going to be a lot of growing pains (dialup era, turn of the millennium tech bubble, battle over digital rights management, etc) between 1994 and facebook/twitter/youtube.
If your question is "where do average people fit into the future?" the answer would have to be "waiting for it to be the present". 
@_date: 2012-12-22 10:31:30
Per [Ripple's wikipedia page](


The Ripple ideology identifies all currencies as IOU systems, and then identifies how it is indistinguishable from those in usage. Having a $100k mortgage at the bank is listed by the bank as an asset, which it can sell to other people along with your liability to pay it back.
Having a dollar in your pocket used to mean that you held an IOU from the government that they would reimburse you a certain amount of gold or silver in exchange for that IOU upon request. Then they reneged that  IOU in favor of the remaining exchange values of being able to satisfy tax obligations with it, and their blessing to enforce it's validity to satisfy third party debts (eg, "legal tender").
That IOU is packaged in a fungible, durable, difficult to counterfeit and relatively easy to authenticate document which qualifies it as currency and people use it as such, trading it in exchange for goods and services and other currencies, just as Banks may buy or sell your Mortgage IOU.
My understanding of Ripple itself is shallow enough that perhaps you're telling me that it fails the fungibility, durability, or resistance to counterfeiting tests; but I do get the impression it's meant to satisfy those conditions in order to allow people to share these IOU's freely and automatically in lieu of other currencies. To pass them about in such a way that all negative consequences from fraud naturally gravitate to and only harm personal friend connections whereby one person trusted a direct associate over-much.
I hope this gives you enough surface area of my admittedly incomplete understanding on the subject that you can point out where you think I may be forgetting to carry a 2? ;3
@_date: 2012-12-22 14:44:09
I'm not talking about "relying on the community", but relying on the subset of the community which intersects your friends and family whom you already trust.
It's too unique, and challenging and unrewarding for noobs to really hit that mark yet for most people.
@_date: 2012-10-10 01:36:56


False: Bitcoin doesn't deflate against neutral goods like capitol or real estate. It only deflates against fiat because of fiat's active *inflation*.
But the story you describe doesn't prevent folks paying $600k principal plus interest on a long term loan to buy a $200k house today when mansions today are going for $600k. :P
@_date: 2012-11-05 01:38:51
I'm sure that's a date typo, and they meant 2011. But yea, they sux. x3
@_date: 2012-12-01 06:56:54
What Xch4ng3 means to say is, those coins are now inextricably tied to the address in your Bitcoin-QT wallet. Now you can import that same wallet file to blockchain.info (which you already know and you're declining, I understand) or to another Desktop PC client such as [Skyler827's recommendation]( of [Electrum]( or [Multibit]( Neither of those require a blockchain download since they rely on trusted third parties to do the blockchain heavy lifting for you.
You could *securely* transmit the wallet file to another bitcoin user you trust, who could then spend coins on your behalf until your client syncs up. You could even try the 0.8 beta version of the Bitcoin-QT client, which is supposed to enjoy a 10x speed increase downloading the blockchain — but it is still marked "experimental" and even I haven't tried it yet. There is a very, very slim chance some unforseen bug might gobble up your coins. :P
the Blockchain.info solution is honestly the easiest one for most people, because there's no software to install on your PC and it among the most flexible and popular clients. Some people have different security concerns, and Bitcoin-QT (or Electrum or Multibit if you are stalwart enough to set up their server-sides as well) is undoubtedly the most factually secure client available, but the blockchain download is the lynchpin of that impregnable security. As we all know, security and convenience are quite challenging to combine. :/
But, QT's slowness is also largely due to bad optimization which v0.8 is meant to alleviate quite a chunk of, and no other developers have pushed the performance envelope at the blockchain-verification back end yet. Also, once you've got a full blockchain downloaded, and assuming you keep the client running or at least synced once a day you'll basically never directly face that slowness again.
All in all, the Bitcoin ecosystem is still quite new and rough around the edges. Not very user-friendly at all, but inexplicably powerful for those people either thick-skinned enough to put up with the early-adopter inconveniences, or those confident enough in their risk profile to know which tin foil hats they are sufficiently comfortable to take off in trade for greater convenience. :J
That said, if we know precisely what drives certain decisions like abstaining from BCI's wallet client, we might get a better view of how to  recommend a solution to fit ye perfectly. :D
@_date: 2012-10-02 00:30:33
You cannot enhance security through worry-power.
"Your guard" here only refers to your capacity to keep your machine free from bitcoin-specific malware, to keep from being lead on by cons or phishing scams, and your ability to limit exposure when you put your money in another person's hands. F/E, money left in an exchange or a server-side eWallet is at risk until it's back in your hands again.
The best advise in this list is A&gt; though, it's best not to flash high balances in public or anger people who might have the wherewithall to pwn you. :/
@_date: 2012-10-05 10:12:40
Don't tell me what philosophy to accept unquestioningly. I make those decisions myself tyvm. :D
@_date: 2012-12-05 08:05:37
hmm, does editing the post to correct work, or have to make new post? :O
@_date: 2012-11-06 00:10:41
Related: Anyone got dxf for a Lambo Aventador J? x3
@_date: 2012-07-02 08:13:58
... and if the receiving side accepts them.
@_date: 2012-10-29 00:40:55
If businesses have the fundamental capacity at their disposal to perform a task banks would normally charge for, and businesses using that avenue lead to banks not getting the fees they would normally get, that would count as "competition".
The way an honest business works is, it finds a way whereby it can incur expenses on behalf of another party but then charge fees in excess of those expenses, due to lower expense than the third parties might incur. Revenue - expense = profit.
My question "what negative do banks get allowing arbitrary cash deposits" was not meant to gain answers "lost revenue", because without a matching expense that revenue was meant to cover, it would not represent an honest profit but instead anti-competitive behavior.
Another poster answered "AML bullshit", which at least makes sense to me .. though I'd love to know how a bank could get in trouble for business X accepting cash deposits instead of just passing the AML responsibilities onto the business. Bank knows their customer: the business. :P
@_date: 2012-10-08 07:20:52
That's how you help the people, sure.
Helping the Finance Minister really wouldn't help the people a lot, it's a whole different approach.
Think of it like being an arms dealer. We can arm the grassroots, we can arm the government, we're getting paid whoever does business with us and whoever takes that risk can benefit from what we offer first. If our offering has merit, then they are wise for taking the risk of doing business with us. If it doesn't then we're not having much political impact anyhow.
Or, better yet, think of it like offering medicines. If the government accepts it, they'll inoculate their armies and gain an edge over their own people. If the people accept it first, they will be stronger to stand up to their government. Either way there is a medicine saving the lives of the people who trusted it.
You or I may have an opinion on which side should come out on top in this conflict, but we'll profit from whoever deals with us first and it's neither a good ethical nor profitable strategy to withhold our panacea from whomever wants to endorse it; all other things being equal.
@_date: 2012-12-23 08:36:41
Then feel free to buy into Litecoin at 7-8 cents per coin. Can you think of any concrete reasons not to go long on it?
@_date: 2012-07-08 04:03:06
If you're tumbling 250+BTC, I'm sure you'd wait longer than that to collect anyway, just to resist timing attacks. :P
@_date: 2012-10-26 00:41:50
But present-day examples (Iran, Argentina) illustrate how the "official" exchange rates are rendered meaningless days before they even begin to twinkle in the regulators eye. ;)
@_date: 2012-08-02 10:14:01
Live porn, custom porn, there be markets out there laddie. :B
@_date: 2012-09-19 11:34:13
ty sir. :D
@_date: 2012-12-04 00:24:42
+tip .1btc let's try that again. 8I
@_date: 2012-06-04 22:05:54
TIL that, as of 7 months ago, there was a de-facto 2.2 million USD bounty on hacking the wallet identified by 12ryjj xD
@_date: 2012-08-21 01:52:22
Bitcoin's got a lot of positive use cases (after accounting for it's present learning curve) outside of the black market too.
You don't have to be doing illegal things to want your wealth to be stored in a medium free from government, bank, or payment processor interference, or want to be able to transact money secure from identity theft.
Person to person transactions are easier when the receiving party doesn't have to have a card swipe or a merchant account or trust [Paypal](
Charge-back fraud is non-existant, which is great for merchants but can leave buyers in the lurch. Luckily escrow is easy to build on such a hard-money system as bitcoin, and smaller, [honest third parties]( can build reputations for their escrow and arbitration services without having to sell their souls to some larger despot.
[Pornography](is not illegal, but it is controversial and having payment options with no credit card/identity paper trail is convenient. Same for any anonymity interests such as paying for VPNs, remailers. Privacy is just as important for the good guys as for the bad guys.
Options to send money internationally such as Western Union, international wire are expensive. Having bank accounts or paypal accounts are not possible for some individuals, because of bad credit or bad blood with the payment processor, or even overly intrusive SO/parents.
Basically, Bitcoin is the right option for a rising watertable of currency needs wherever the established convenience of fiat does not presently trump it.
@_date: 2012-10-30 02:14:01
Aww crap. Now I have to go tell the corner market down the street that sells me groceries for bitcoin that they CAN'T do that anymore, because KILLHAMSTER said so. :O
You can purchase anything you'd like with coin, so long as the person selling it to you wants Bitcoin in exchange. I already listed "accepted by more sellers" on the Cash pro list, for you.
That's the only thing I could even think of to list there. But have fun beating off that dead horse, I guess. x3
@_date: 2012-09-06 23:05:43
What sort of licence or revenue stream were you planning? Pay per install, like most commercial software?
Open source authors normally make money through support and consulting and warrantee of their product. At the end of the day, anyone *could* build your software from source and tweak it to their needs and make hay without paying you a dime... but most people don't *want* to put that effort in, so they can pay you to use this tool as part of a custom solution that you then charge them residuals to support or warrantee.
My basic value equation is that Time x Skill is interchangeable with Money. People who have more time and skill than money can use open source software inexpensively; and their use endorses and advertises the product and bolsters QA. People with more money than either time or skill who still want to use your product have to pay somone to fill that gap, that's where you'll get ka-ching from (in addition to just using your own product, if you are a merchant of course, lol)
@_date: 2012-10-30 11:51:00
I don't see anything on that page that clarifies whether the advertised offers accept bitcoin.
Is there a filter for that, at least? :3
@_date: 2012-10-05 10:08:52
The majority of yo momma's a scam. ;3
@_date: 2012-10-05 01:39:12
Most USB 2.0 flash drives are IMMENSELY slower than standard HDD. My first attempt playing with bitcoin-qt was to do exactly as you recommend here, b/w a 16gig, high quality USB 3.0 fob drive.
It's over 50 times slower, and I'm burning down the lifetime of the flash memory like a fuse. :P
@_date: 2012-11-06 04:05:05
$1.45usd sounds pricey for an episode of TV I could probably grab from Itunes legit for a buck, though. Just saying. :3 
@_date: 2012-09-18 15:45:18
I've heard of another company called bASIC who is either already producing machines, or is about to (but I can't seem to google them; keyword lock ;P)
@_date: 2012-11-05 01:21:13
I just tested it on a small file, seemed to work alright. :P
@_date: 2012-08-19 21:23:24
Seriously though. The man has over a million dollars of unsecured internet gentleman's debt and nobody knows his RL identity, or has any way to lien or bring him to justice should he simply vanish.
What possible motive would the man even *have* to pay 90% of his holdings to people who have naught but a quid pro quo claim on it?
@_date: 2012-11-02 22:12:07


Yeah, I'm wondering about what this refers to, as well. What does "ownership information" mean in this context? Do you really mean paying Verisign the EV vanity/extortion rates when you get a cert? :P
@_date: 2012-12-13 22:47:15
I'm sorry to hear that, man. :/
I don't trade on irc, so I don't know how the "trust stats" you refer to work. That said, I think it's a good idea to know how the safety gear works before trying stuff.
Bitcoin is a harsh mistress for people accustomed to national currencies, banks and payment methods with built-in chargeback features. In a way, that stuff is more like play money. It's never really yours so you can't really lose it by mistake. You just ask the real owners of the money to claw it back for you from the new sublessee whenever you make a mistake or are just unhappy with your purchase.
It's just amazing how much of our transactional psychology is built up around those guard-rails. We handle our money with the confidence of children who know we can't get too out of control without our parents intervening. 
Bitcoin is a grown-up currency, where once you spend it it's really just gone. And the ecosystem of potential tools to help you voluntarily handle that, to allow people to protect their money and still transact with confidence without yielding their money (ideally, even temporarily) to any other single (potentially corrupt) actor is in contrast quite young.
For example you can escrow at sites like Bitmit by submitting your funds to the site, and site releases to either buyer or seller on purchase completion or failure respectively. That involves yielding your funds to Bitmit, so you do have to trust them not to make off with the escrow pot mid-transaction.. but once the escrow is cleared you are in a better position than with Paypal or a bank, who can make off with the funds long after the transaction has completed, should they choose.
A better solution, which has yet to see a decent GUI developed is 2-of-3 escrow. There a third party assists in the escrow, but you never completely yield your funds to them. Had you been equipped with that bad boy, the "trust" system you speak of would not have been required.
So yes, I do think Bitcoin will evolve to be able to suit even the average, layperson user.. but even that average user will have to evolve just a little for Bitcoin as well, by way of understanding they are granted FULL control over their funds, including the capacity to mismanage them. :J
@_date: 2012-06-01 21:42:28
Yeah, Bitcoin is an incredible currency and I wish you significant prosperity using it as a major *part* of your currency portfolio on the island, but it is a terrible "national currency" and should not be adopted by any region as an exclusive, standard currency.
The problem is it's too global. National currencies need to be limited in major focus to the national audience in question, as a way of distributing price signals with high fidelity around the limited administrative scope. You don't want your economy to falter due to a tidal wave in the currency from money movement on the other side of the world.
A LETS system would be a great local currency.
Bitcoin's strongest role is as a store of value — for those with the faith that it will retain it's value over the long haul, and who properly secure their wallets — and as an unparalleled medium of exchange over digital networks and between mutually untrusting parties with network access.
Bitcoin is a great way to trade value back and forth to the rest of the world, it's great to use in physically distant locations on the island where instant clearance is not required, but it's bad to rely on exclusively and it's poor to use in face to face instances where you may not have reliable network access or don't want to wait up to 20 minutes for the payment to clear. :J
@_date: 2012-11-08 10:38:38
/me pokes atchu. But didn't you read what wrote?
The difficulty adjusts both up *and* down. When miners decide they are no longer efficient enough at mining to profit, and leave the network, the global hash rate drops and the difficulty gets adjusted downward just as rapidly (2-week-average sample) as it rises when computing power gets added to the network.
The mathematical "limbo bar" is not a ratchet, that only gets harder over time. There is no effort to make that bar easier, either. Just because someone has found a block hash in the past lower than, say, today's limbo bar, doesn't mean they get to re-use it: They've got to hash a block describing today's transactions and today's position on the block chain. So the effort has to start from scratch for every single block. :3
@_date: 2012-10-13 04:20:32
* Author loves Bitcoin every bit as much as you or I, and is astounded by it's capacity and political promise. He also calls the core protocol a "Jewel", virtually an "Alien Technology" and hails Satoshi as a mad genius: not least of which for his uncanny skill at keeping his identity secret, and bailing with Godlike discipline.
* Author fears a very specific political weakness in Bitcoin's early development, public discreditation leading to allowing the US Government to easily pass INTERNATIONAL laws similar to contemporary Copyright treaties banning the exchange of other currencies for Bitcoin (and with it, possibly other alternative currencies)
* To that end, he sees the [PEBKAC]( weaknesses inherent in people who invested with Pirate Bitfloor hack, GLBSE shutdown, etc as damaging our future in a very real sense.
They are the ones he accuses of trying to use the precious microscope that is Bitcoin in a way it was not meant to be used — in a way he fears will ultimately destroy it — by trying to re-create fiat institutions. They inevitably burn themselves when they learn how those fiat institutions collapse, lacking fiat-style protections like courts or police or other centralized, feudal bullying. They inevitably broadcast to the rest of the world how this technology is dangerous and frightening, rallying the everyman onto the side of those in power when they finally wish to legislatively snuff the exchanges.
Author agrees that Bitcoin's operation is solidly beyond the reach of those in power, that nothing short of shutting down the internet could stop us trading coins. But without a healthy network of places to trade coins for fiat, we can't keep the unit value propped up and Mining operations can't keep affording the electricity needed to keep the network safe.
I disagree with his list of solutions though, I much prefer technical expressions like m-of-n signing myself. But I think he raises points very, very much worth discussing and even as we deploy m-of-n, I seriously worry about the security cost of working in bitcoin. I take my tech savviness for granted pretty often, but I do feel like my 30 years of dedication to the art still leaves me neck deep amongst the requirements to keep even modest amounts of coin safe. 
Adoption will be a tough, tough nut until we can polish the tools so perfectly that Joe Everyman can wield them (just stop and consider how many seniors can't master the TV remote for an illustration of what I mean), while keeping his wealth at least a magnitude as safe as it is in a bank WITHOUT legal or feudal systems there to back him up.
I don't care, I am thrilled to pilot this ship right the hell over any waterfall, if only for the brilliant amount I'll learn from the plunge. I ask "Why can't we have anonymous currency?" And god damnit I'll have that currency, or however hard the lesson I'll learn every detail about why not!
@_date: 2012-05-12 04:16:24
When you send yourself coin, you reset the age of the coin.
When you send coin to a service then collect it again, you reset the age of the coin.
You aren't making any coins younger for other people in that case, since their age is already getting reset every time they withdraw as well.
So laundering through a service has no spam-inducing benefit compared to simply sending yourself coin. Good thought, though. :3
@_date: 2012-12-11 23:22:50
Hmm. It took roughly 12 hours on my Windows 7 machine. I wanted to get some more concrete numbers on a machine that wasn't being used for anything else, so I tried firing it up on my headless Debian VPS.. but it turns out you can't time bitcoind, since it doesn't return after getting synced up. :/
I had tried this:
time ~/bin/bitcoind -connect=178.18.90.41 -par=1 -logtimestamps -benchmark 
I don't see any benchmarking data output or see where any timestamps are getting logged though. D:
And is there any command switch or technique to make it halt as soon as it hits the top of the queue? Perhaps some variant of "-blocknotify='bitcoind stop'"?
@_date: 2012-12-07 04:23:35
Good to Xpost to too? :3
@_date: 2012-09-01 21:30:48
personal attacks? Where? :/
@_date: 2012-07-14 16:08:33


Hey I admit to this, that is why the lack of volatility in 2012 is something I find so amazing. What is it about Bitcoin that gives it *any* greater stability than a precious metal? 
The only thing I can think of is that — as you say its price is driven by confidence — *expressed by its participants*. It's been a small market, and only patronized by those who wish to. Whoever doesn't have confidence hasn't been in it.
By this hypothesis, 2012's stability is a testament to the unwavering confidence in 2012's coiners. Whether this continues tomorrow will depend on the confidence of tomorrow's coiners. :3
@_date: 2012-06-09 02:42:42
About proving control over balances (because some redditisland escrow guy asked after that, recently) instead of transferring balances you can just sign messages with an address' public key instead, to prove activity of balances.
@_date: 2012-11-16 01:26:40
Doing my quarterly check-back on whether or not Multibit supports encrypted wallets.
Score, now I'm trying that mess. xD
EDIT: Annnnd.. it's still a no-go. Multibit requires the latest Java, but this workstation is pegged to Java v1.4 in order to access legacy KVM resouces at my place of work. T\^T
@_date: 2012-11-13 22:50:41
debit card and *pin*?
I'm no electronic banking expert, but wouldn't that be sufficient information for them to.. I don't know, empty your bank account?
@_date: 2012-05-09 23:25:35
Why does this just sound terribly exciting somehow? xD
@_date: 2012-12-23 10:23:40
[But I'm not aware of anyone who really Bitcoin as an investment]( I think our modus operandi is normally to push it as a powerful payment mechanism, get merchants to use Bitpay and Coinbase to shield them from 99.9% of risks (worst case scenario, they lose a day of money only from bitcoiners if processor screws with them). And to be perfectly honest, the coin price should go up just because of the increased versatility and adoption rate of the currency. :3
@_date: 2012-09-01 21:50:28


What "push" are you referring to? I amass bitcoin slowly over time because there currently exist no ways to spend it again, short of painstakingly converting it back to fiat and carrying the fiat to the market. I also do not trade the volume of bitcoin I could if it were easier to spend.
Today, I have to choose between gathering bitcoin and paying my bills. I have to maintain a majority of my short term savings in fiat, because I might have to suddenly spend it and Bitcoin can't be spent unless the merchant accepts bitcoin (today, virtually nobody) or unless you jump through time/effort/fee friction to change it back to USD.
With this card I can walk into my grocery store with my card and smart phone w/ bitcoin wallet, and walk out with groceries.


I personally have a bank account and a debit card. I know I can cash bitcoin out through bitfloor at low fees, wait three days for ACH to clear, and then spend the USD. But that friction drowns all benefits of denominating my savings in Bitcoin to start with.
@_date: 2012-05-09 01:07:59


I dunno, without trusting someone else to handle the washing it seems it would be challenging to hide the destination of $1mil usd of value hitting one address. 
I really can't think of an easier laundering step than purchasing anonymous-to-redeem physical goods, like buying a half ton of meltable precious metals with the coin (geographically and politically distant from the ransom jurisdiction) and then fencing that carefully through meatspace networks.
OP raises an interesting point though: there's no known ways to "freeze" or "confiscate" funds for an address, are there?  I'm sure that's one of the goals of bitcoin, but I'm not sure how carefully that attack angle has been scrutinized.
@_date: 2012-07-29 01:46:40
If this is your concern, then why focus on replacing bitcoin when there's so much more value in replacing facebook? xD
@_date: 2012-04-29 23:49:05
Also I'll recommend keeping an eye on webserver the logs looking for 404 errors with HTTP referrers .. should make catching errors like this quite a bit smipler. :3
@_date: 2012-09-29 08:32:50
Also keep in mind BitFloor charges closer to 0.4% (zero fee to deposit, 0.3-0.4% to trade) but that's only to buy coin, and you have to go to a bank branch during banking hours.
Bitinstant (via moneygram) is open outside of banking hours, but then it's 4% AND $3.95.
You set your own hours, so if you're willing to meet folk on evenings or weekends, you may be back to zero competition.. even in the US! :B
I think this thread has encouraged me to advertise my service a bit more aggressively. Nobody else buys or sells OTC for 200 miles in any direction. ;P
@_date: 2012-05-07 00:21:05
Umm.. what is this coinconnectthing?
I see no "about" page. How is it related to bitcoin? 8I
What are we looking at? Why is the ad header constantly flapping? 
@_date: 2012-10-15 06:52:44
Sure. I wanted to deposit $50usd at Wal-mart. It had to go through Moneygram and Zipzap, which luckily enough is mostly transparent functionally but each one dips into the pot. All told I had to deposit $53.95, and got $47.995 worth of USD credit converted to Bitcoins. That worked out to about a 12.5% loss, all told.
Fixed fees like $3.50 drop in importance when you crank up the volume, but it is what it is.
@_date: 2012-09-13 00:00:48
When you run in a livecd sandbox the way I described, *there is no ip to share*. The box is not accessible to the broader internet, and is only assigned a local ip address.
@_date: 2012-10-08 07:38:27
So long as accepting BTC does not in and of itself reduce non-BTC revenue, then it's simply a matter of "can we afford the R/D to deploy this payment option given the revenue it will open up"?
*Every* person who wants to pay for porn doesn't have to know how to use BTC, and there has to be some overlap. Personally, I think people will pay for porn when the price is right. I *know* how to use torrent sites for standard content, but $7/mo to netflix is just more convenient than putting in the effort and time to curate content downloads. There is still some content I can't get from Netflix, and I download that. But $7/mo to Netflix takes a big, juicy bite out of the time I have to invest in keeping content playing on my TV box. :P
I would pay $X/mo for well curated erotic content, too. But I would certainly rather pay for it in BTC; it would be an order of magnitude more discreet and the content provider wouldn't have to know a stitch about who I am, so they couldn't align erotic tastes to anything more embarrassing to me than a pseudonym.
@_date: 2012-10-18 00:03:12
Unmet demand: being able to transfer money with other people (including friends), both sending and receiving money, without relying on [Paypal]( 
Can use Cash, but doesn't automatically come with a ledger (receipts) and cash is hard to transact over distance.
I am active in several artist communities, who pretty much rely exclusively on paypal to accept commissions and such, and all just suffer in silence from the fees, currency conversions and random account freezes. Bitcoin would be a superior alternative, but most of these folks are only minimally computer savvy and the anti-bitcoin sentiment and FUD is pretty heavy out there. :(
@_date: 2012-10-14 05:01:34
Of course, that also means when it says "X,XXX peta-teara-flipflops of compute power" nobody is sure how authentic that figure is.
The much larger bitcoin compute figure is quite concrete and impossible to cheat. :D
@_date: 2012-11-14 21:34:51
Well, I regret to admit that I do have to side with the people you were having a tough time with in that forum thread. You were asking "is it technically possible to.." about a system which includes self-interested humans. It's not technically possible for humans to magically resist their own self-interest. ;3
The point they make is sound, what would the purpose be of using a decentralized cryptosystem to act as ledger for a centrally backed currency? I appreciate you don't want to discuss your reasons, but basically we've got no incentive to discuss implementation without first aligning with your reasons. That's all. :/
As to my original point, to me these alt-currencies you mention sound almost identical to stock certificates. Is that a fair analysis? But I don't know of an agorist approach to enforcing stock fidelity. Basically, each issuer of stock would be inexorably doomed to pump and dump. It doesn't change the planned economy model, it just multiplies it into an infinitude of smaller planned economies racing to the bottom. Compare with American politics, where nobody tries proving their own value because it's always easier to call "the other guy"'s value into question. EG, you never have to outrun the bear, just the other guy. :P
I do not know of a system which can size the the canon unit of a currency to match the growing or shrinking size of an economy in a fair fashion, with the effect of maintaining constant purchasing power per currency unit, and I do not believe your approach approximates the effect either. 
@_date: 2012-09-06 00:48:48
Post repaired, ty for spellcheck. :3


Alternately one could arrange for the normal OS and LiveCD OS to only share a single-purpose partition, which you use only for transactions.
Now keep in mind, I am imagining "transactions" would mean both spends from the cold wallet, and publishing fresh addresses to be used for transactions at the vendor (website, POS, etc). The latter might be challenging to arrange via QR code.
Now of course a user "could" misuse the shared partition and put unencrypted key data there, or try to import an executable and let in a virus, or heaven knows what. But they also "could" louse up the spends from the cold wallet and empty the balance of all addresses into the ether. 
What I am presently viewing the greatest advantage to airgap over LiveCD is easier accountability, if you're being audited by a third party.
@_date: 2012-09-18 15:40:05
I don't think he is. Feel free to spell out what you mean by the word "invest", because I can't imagine any alternatives to what Superbestable is saying.
@_date: 2012-08-20 02:32:12
Thanks for the heads up on the Remitly Gcash Mang chain. I have not heard of them, so I haven't researched them yet.
But bitinstant, specifically through 7-11 Walmart or CVS will charge (by way of moneygram, zipzap et al; unless this has changed in the past month..) $3.95 on top and 3.9% after. When I tried to deposit $50 for example, the fees added to 12%.
I think they're cheaper at the banks, but don't have fees low enough to compete w/ bitfloor at the bank. :3
@_date: 2012-12-16 05:16:47


Because they did. They get paid in lulz, and annoying people is how they mine their lulz.
@_date: 2012-11-08 23:28:20
I'm amazed people aren't buying and selling mtgox usd codes in other venues, really.
@_date: 2012-12-10 00:48:09
v0.8 rates at about 12 hours cumulative download time, with no meaningful ETA display. This without first downloading the bootstrap via bit-torrent or syncing with another full node over the lan.
Experiment over, I think it's time to put a frank discussion of alternate clients on the bitcoin.org frontpage. 
A succint message like:




@_date: 2012-12-21 22:17:00
I think OP is trying to say: Assume attacker gets perfect anonymnity in his communication endeavors (super-tor) and financial endeavors (super-bitcoin) for free. Because that is the end result we cypherpunks strive for, a system which approaches perfect anonymity given lowest cost and effort. Because we believe that third-party regulation of communication and of payment (which we believe is no more than a form of communication) should not be necessary pre-requisites to effective enforcement of law.
OP's suppositions provide an interesting challenge to this stance held by myself and others, and the question is; can meatspace policework be reasonably expected to get it's job done once the "tapping phones, following money trail" legs get knocked out from under it? Do OP's suggestions lead to criminal activity profit centers, or do they become unrealistic for reasons other than imperfect communicational or financial anonymity?
@_date: 2012-10-03 20:11:17
"BBC is public service though." != "BBC is flawless"
GP only pointed out that profit does not apply as a motive to sensationalized reporting when you're getting the same paycheck regardless of how drab your copy is.
@_date: 2012-09-04 22:45:34
Yep, that's why I've always patronized BitFloor. Cash in, BTC out so fast your exposure window is minuscule and the likelihood I'll lose my pittance is quite low.
@_date: 2012-09-17 23:07:36
Again. Brass tacks. Are you simply spinning prose, or do you contend that USD will see greater than 100% per annum inflation (in purchasing power, easily measured by how many goods you can buy) prior to 2014?
All this hypothetical dancing about is giving me a migraine.
@_date: 2012-09-26 23:16:56
\^W\^W\^Wpatiently await 2013. ;3
@_date: 2012-10-28 01:45:59
You're not free not to use it if others are using it. That's a foundational concept in systemic discrimination.
@_date: 2012-08-11 01:16:35
Bitcoin has other advantages over fiat today which in many noteworthy cases outweigh the undeniable cost associated with maintaining btc balances.
* Potential to transact to anyone, anywhere in the world with internet access; without using bank accounts or relying on paypal/visa or worry about government regulations on trade. 
* Skip payment processing fees. For those who keep balances in btc, pay &lt;1% fees to send money instead of 3%+ like with Paypal or Credit Card.
* Near-instant clearance in contrast to Electronic Check.
* Receiver does not require any kind of elevated or expensive to maintain merchant account, or relationship with Verisign or other payment clearing house. Merchants do not have to sweat the clearing house terms of service; such as being cut off for dealing in adult merchandise, or dealing in a product which directly competes with the owners of the clearing house (haha, amazon checkout indeed xD) or products with high risk of chargeback fraud. Because..
* Merchants can avoid chargeback fraud entirely. Thus also avoiding extra expense to insure against it.
* Using smartphones, face to face transfer of non-physical currencies. With localbitcoins new SMS escrow service, this can even be done with just one party's phone having access to nothing but SMS with sufficient pre-arrangement. Compare this with trying to pay your room mate using a debit card.
* Hoarding BTC, while it does depend on the fidelity of the BTC network and economy, can be personally secured via 100% digital means (brain wallet, password, encrypted files stored online, paper wallet, etc) versus bank accounts (must trust the bank, government can freeze your assets) or physical security (gold, cash, etc) which is vulnerable to direct physical assault/mugging, large sums can become physically burdensome to maintain, difficult divisibility (can't buy cheeseburger with 1oz gold coin and get proper change)
* Low fees and fast transactions ease micropayments and impulse buys significantly.
* Software engineers can craft code to transact money directly, without requiring the blessing or bureaucracy of any authority .. but with significantly increased security burdens.
That's just off the top of my head atm, lols. x3
@_date: 2012-12-13 13:21:00
I learnt about this after installing 's [Greasemonkey script for improved Bitcointip support]( 
The next day, I check Tampermonkey menu in Chrome, it's got a "donate" link so I eyeball that just in case. Blam! Bitcoin, baybay. :D
@_date: 2012-10-13 10:23:25
Note to scientific community: toss out a 50btc reward to randomly chosen (or performance-driven, I not care) protein folding volunteers every ten minutes.
Oh also and, look out for the incoming botnets out to fold more of your protiens and to get compensated for that; using stolen hardware. x3
@_date: 2012-09-18 15:38:55
I emailed them asking a couple of simple questions because I want to pre-order a rig, called them too and left vm. Never heard back. T-T
@_date: 2012-04-28 23:15:23
This is a hell of an artsy video presentation. It also sounds immensely full of shit. I mean, really.. a computing device the exact size and shape of a credit card with display, input and RF functionality, and the first platform you can think of is urban wireless mesh? Why precisely aren't you licencing tech like that to smart phone manufacturers instead of hyping up newb consumers? Why aren't you targeting industrial/warehouse environments that already spend billions on tablet devices that do the same thing in a controlled environment?
Oh right, because phone manufacturers and warehouses dislike vaporware and are harder to sell golden gate bridges too.
If you want a personal platform for bitcoin, Google Glass is supposed to run Android so there you go, dawg.
@_date: 2012-12-22 11:03:25
Gimli said, "But you speak of him as if he were a friend. I thought Fangorn was dangerous."
"Dangerous!" cried Gandalf. "And so am I, very dangerous: more dangerous than anything you will ever meet, unless you are brought alive before the seat of the Dark Lord. And Aragorn is dangerous, and Legolas is dangerous. You are beset with dangers, Gimli son of Gloin; for you are dangerous yourself, in your own fashion."
@_date: 2012-12-09 01:51:52
I think this is the crux of the matter, for me.
Anyone who feels the Bitcoin network can't handle Satoshi Dice, which only does the volume it does because it is popular with genuine users, is basically patronizing the capability of our infrastructure. 
This is concern trolling, folks.
If new users are put off by an alarming sync time, that is our responsibility for not optimizing the client well. Moore's law can only handle so much of the heavy lifting for us, since we expect adoption to increase at a geometric pace that would cancel technology geometrically improving our capacity to handle the blockchain.
We **need** this part of our technology to be able to scale flexibly in order to be taken seriously, full stop. We **need** to be able to survive the load of a simple gambling website. Anyone who thinks we don't need that is trying to throw up roadblocks around our potential. "We can't grow to fast / we have to stay below the radar / maybe next year" is not what I signed up for.
Blaming members of our community who are legitimately utilizing the protocol for our adoption foibles is hella weak. This protocol was designed to not **need** regulation. It was designed so that users would not have to be told how they could or could not use it; they would instead be incentivized by the balance of the system.
That makes it the system's responsibility to keep matters in balance. Costs need to be externalized to the players who impose them. So long as SD pays the mining fees it needs to get it's transactions notarized, and those transactions get notarized, SD's responsibility in the matter is over! If we don't like it, we didn't charge enough fees. &gt;:C
+tip 0.05btc
@_date: 2012-10-26 00:37:56
But the opposite of [Legal Tender]( is not "illegal tender". It's "tender not guaranteed by law to be paid in case of dispute or debt".
@_date: 2012-12-16 03:54:22
SRS is the navel-gazing (and, yes, vote manipulating) sewer of reddit. Don't let the opinions of Poe's attractor get you down, man. :J
@_date: 2012-11-21 20:04:01
minitru, miniluv.
@_date: 2012-09-12 21:22:07
Why does the price need to stay low? Most enthusiasts would prefer that it jumps as high as possible. *shrugs*
@_date: 2012-11-15 06:46:53
Perhaps, but it's a joke regarding exasperation over "common questions", which Julian demonstrated can be resolved with a simple copypasta. ;3
@_date: 2012-11-11 10:25:56
I have half a mind to just sell you openmesh routers for BTC, I never realized there were a demand there. 8I
I work at a WISP that deals in tons of wireless tech including OpenMesh, we get volume discounts and are looking for new BTC revenue streams anyway.
Please PM me with what models you're looking into, volumes per time period you estimate you might be interested in obtaining and where in the world it would need to be shipped; and I'll use that data as a starting point to see how we can arrange for you the best deal.
Depending on the volume, I can't necessarily guarantee "cheaper in BTC than in USD" prices, but we ought to be able to get you very close to the USD price; cheaper and faster than converting your currency at an exchange first. :3
Let me know sir if this sounds promising, thank you and best of luck in your endeavors!
@_date: 2012-10-27 03:32:45
But the ones down today are not down that frequently at all, and it would be statistically unlikely for them to all go down on the same day without a common cause.
@_date: 2012-11-14 00:51:49
The idea is, Bitmit tells buyer an escrow address (owned by Bitmit) for them to send coins to, Bitmit then notifies seller coins are safely in escrow and seller can proceed with sending goods. Both parties have a "release funds to other party" button, so that once buyer is satisfied that goods are received, he can release the payment; or alternately if Seller fails in some way and knows he can no longer deliver, he can release escrow to buyer for a swift refund.
In case of conflict, where each party believes that they deserve the coins, you contact the Bitmit admins who look at whatever evidence both parties can render about what happened and are then free to release coins in whichever direction they see fit.
There is much room for more subtlety, but that's the caveman basics of how escrow works. It's far superior to "whoever sends money/product first gets abandoned by other, thieving party" model. x3
@_date: 2012-10-31 12:03:50
That's the standard, American anti-drug propaganda.
@_date: 2012-08-19 23:24:19
yep, in fact you need to log into the game and use a character to interact with an in-world atm to deposit the lindens at virwox, too.
Now that you mention it, I'm not even sure if there are account-age restrictions on using Virwox to begin with. :O  It will certainly be tougher to raise your deposit limit with a fresh SL account.
I traded currency at SL for years before ever getting into bitcoin, so thems my old stomping grounds. :B  I guess this advice will best benefit folks with accounts, even if they are crusty old accounts they have to dust off to use?
@_date: 2012-11-14 22:21:57
Well, bitcoin helps there because your transaction in the public blockchain is a sort of transaction receipt.
The weakest link in that chain is that company could claim that X isn't one of their receipt transaction addresses, but that's why whenever I pay out to a single-party provider I save a copy and/or screenshot of the web page they presented me with. That at least puts some difficult-to-counter documentation into my hands. :3  Then the best enforcement against such counter-social merchant behavior (short of successful lawsuit) is the threat to their reputation that you can tell your story (again, better with documentation) and that the community will turn on them.
@_date: 2012-12-22 00:26:13
Because we all agree that it would be immoral to confer omniscience upon an untrusted entity.
The heart of OP's question is, would it be immoral to allow arbitrary individuals (or everyone) easy access to perfect anonymity in communication or financial activity? Your tone is basically answering (and I am surprised) that you think this would be immoral. That the state ought to be able to tap any wire or trace any movement of money that it sees fit to, as an unavoidable foundation of being able to keep the public safe.
I believe that, technology-willing, we should be able to grant perfect anonymity of communication and financial movement to any parties who consent to share said information or wealth between themselves. I do not believe that third party interference in that is a prerequisite of civil safety. But, finding answers to hard questions like those posed by OP are the burden I must bare to support said belief.
That said, I've bookmarked [matthewjosephtaylor's answer]( as the best analysis out of those I've seen in this thread. :3
@_date: 2012-04-28 23:02:42
I'unno, I would guess you'd gain a lot more money from Paypal ramp-in transactions that way, at current volumes.
@_date: 2012-10-17 23:40:03
Bitcoin is used all the time as transaction fees and block rewards to subsidize the notarization of bitcoin transactions.
Mining is work done to ensure the sanctity of your transactions. It is work that is valuable to you (remunerated in tx fees) and the community (remunerated in block rewards) and costs miners real expenses to provide (they accept these remunerations in leui of the electricity, hardware cost, labor, risk, etc that they outlay).
That basic use-value of bitcoin is small compared to the magnified use value of paying someone who can pay someone who can .. remunerate a miner for their work. But that is the same mechanism by which gold coin pays someone who pays someone who .. makes an ear-ring or a socket connector.
@_date: 2012-12-12 02:11:23


Lol, I love how an article on a gambling website thinks that TBF should be held responsible for "taking down" SR. xD
Yeah, and even if they had this magical power, why would they not next shut down your only debatably legal gambling websites? Talk about glass houses.
Bitcoin isn't here to assuage the legal system by bringing all kinds of nifty convenience. It brings it's convenience by challenging the byzantine legal system and demonstrating that people can exchange wealth without the "protection" it inefficiently offers.
@_date: 2012-12-09 01:32:26
Linden's risk API is over-protective. I recommend you make sure your account has a good history, no abuse reports, etc and email support Let them know you're interested in raising your deposit limits, and there's a good chance they'll work with you to establish an exception to the RiskAPI.
Worked great for me, but to be fair my ava is like 8 years old. xD
Another thing to bear in mind: VirWoX is an odd duck in that it let's you trade down to 1/100 of a Linden Dollar, but requires integer trades in both USD and Bitcoin. For you, this means they will make you buy an entire Bitcoin (or multiples thereof), meaning you'll want to deposit upwards of 3600L just to buy a single coin. Once done, it is very easy just to syphon your SLL change back to your SL account tho. :3
@_date: 2012-08-02 10:17:23
Until it reaches a critical mass of wide adoption it won't be "good for" puritan interests until it can compete, production to consumption, with the convenience of standard currency.
Problem is, most people are paid in fiat, and most merchants need fiat to buy their next round of things. So converting too/from fiat costs money and/or time for everyone involved, and introduces significant transactional friction for bitcoin which doesn't presently exist in the (much more popular) fiat.
Today, that friction is rivaled by the friction of puritanism regular money processors (visa, paypal, et al) apply to "certain kinds" of transactions, including drugs and porn, making bitcoin — even converting it at both ends — an easier avenue to pay for these goods and services.
@_date: 2012-09-11 01:05:13
But the question is, does the FDIC risk-pool from just those who voluntarily elect to use such insurance, or is value stolen from my mayonaise jar full of $100 bills as well?
@_date: 2012-12-23 15:33:57
I don't know if it's angry as much as annoyed that you're choosing arbitrary points on a timeline to price a commodity for no reason other than to be contrarian.
You say you're worried about what will happen if you buy a bitcoin today, and it could go to zero in the future (you're out $13.50, and we'd all be out our investments, some quite a bit higher) or it could go up, perhaps up to thousands of dollars per coin (and you make a lot of money, should you even chose to call it "yours" by that point). But I don't understand why this is even a concern. Hold as much bitcoin as you are comfortable holding, not a satoshi more, and demonstrate your amazing speculative wisdom to us by either becoming a millionaire or by weathering the Bitpocolypse and coming away with a spiffy T-shirt.
Here is a pittance to get you started. Now you can say you are investing, but it it fails this bit represents "zero loss to you" according to your own arbitrarily chosen logic. 
+tip 0.1btc
@_date: 2012-12-21 20:27:07
.. I might also warn that you'll want to at least regression test against the permutation whereby the deposit address gets funded from multiple source addresses. ;)  Either because they deposited to your address from wallet 1 then later again from wallet 2, or because they sent funds in one shot but sent more than they had in any one address, leading to multiple input addresses in one transaction.
My recommendation is to trust the latest detected address in these cases when offering the "cash out to same address" feature, but definitely display the address you're cashing out to. :B
@_date: 2012-09-22 01:10:08
Tungsten has the same density as gold to an error of 0.3%, which is why it was used in the link I sent you. For every metal there is another metal or alloy of similar density you can debase it with.
Even if debasing silver is a greater challenge than debasing gold, so is handling ten times the mass of it for the same value. 
Finally, Precious metals are very expensive to transact over geographic distance. In comparison, the first men on mars armed with 30-minute delayed access to the internet will be able to exercise unassailable control over, and transact bitcoin worth kilograms of gold with each other or anyone on Earth paying wheat pennies worth of fees.


I even said "off the top of my head", and monetary debasement has been a problem older than money. A problem Bitcoin just happens to lack, is all.
You asked "what wave BTC can ride that metals cannot?" and I simply provided an example of the verification challenge.
No challenge for you obviously, since "not verifying" means you never have to pay the price until the day comes there's no musical chair for you to sit on. :3
@_date: 2012-12-10 15:22:19
I am too. I am confident that with a hypothetical v0.9 release like that, bitcoin.org would only need to offer the reference client.
But our discussion really needs to focus on the now. Bitcoin is getting lots of positive press now, and lots of new users checking it out now. We've got to offer them the best present-day solutions to keep them on board, or risk alienating them while dreaming of what might happen tomorrow.
@_date: 2012-07-20 02:00:06
This, and I don't have disposable USD to invest again until after vaca, maybe Tue or Wed.
But if y'all would like to hold the price down for me until then, or engineer another dip then, I not minds. xD  This time Wednesday it will probably be $11 tho.
@_date: 2012-11-28 02:29:30
Huh, I see. They've got a cash deposit option through BitInstant now.
I've noticed nothing but SMS deposit from them as recently as last week. Ah well, this is much more convenient in a pinch. Thanks! xD
@_date: 2012-04-30 04:49:02
Excellent, that sounds perfect. I can embed that mess right into a page. :D
@_date: 2012-12-01 01:48:06
Nah I'll keep debating the point. Even if I can't enlighten this one guy, I think he brings up a lot of misunderstandings other newbies can have about how the currency works (or doesn't work), and explaining could help anyone who follows and reads thereafter. Or, I could cite back to this bit of my comment history in future discussions. ;3
At least he's not being rude or nasty, he's just concisely presenting his understanding. :3
@_date: 2012-10-27 03:40:56
~~rich~~ diversified.
Everyone has always said "Bitcoin is experimental, don't put money into it you cannot afford to lose".
Whether you choose to invest tens or hundreds or millions is up to you, and you should never put so much weight on it that price or service availability could make you panic.
@_date: 2012-11-29 16:53:42
I think the value of using a private currency is the ability to control money supply. So you can stabilize price by print/selling or buy/burning at a whim.
I'm pretty sure if it wasn't a naturally profitable enterprise then neither Linden Labs nor the United States Federal Government would still be in business today. ;3
@_date: 2012-12-13 20:15:26
Ok, what is this special code you're talking about? It sounds interesting, I just haven't heard of it and googling these keywords doesn't help (too generic). 
Have you got a link you can share about what this mechanism is? :3
@_date: 2012-10-31 12:56:08
GGasics :D
@_date: 2012-12-07 04:27:29
That's a helluva steep discount. Congrats! :D
+tip 0.15 btc
@_date: 2012-12-11 02:28:26
It still smells like you thinking that your one computer represents the maximum amount of time new users could ever possibly face while trying to sync.
If you want to deride my attempts, that's fine. But you'll be in for a surprise when you find few casual users are allocating 8 cores, 4 gigs of ram and 100mbit of network connectivity to cutting down their sync experiences from 12 hours to 1.
For starters, plenty of people in the united states don't even have 10 megabit internet connections, and it takes an hour to download today's raw blockchain, with zero network overhead at 10mbit. Those who have 10mbit connections may not be able to spare the entire pipe if they're trying to game, stream tv or just live their lives during the same period.
Because somebody asked, I am repeating my sync experiment now on a VPS running Debian Linux (previous test was on Windows 7, and it would have been tougher to get benchmarks from there.. aside from the machine being used for other purposes during the test period). I'd hoped it might have finished before I got to this reply to you, but 8am to 6:30pm and it's only a good chunk of the way done (.bitcoin directory weighs 4.9GB, no data written to bitcoind_v0.7.1_benchmark file yet).
Now that's with a single core 3GHz, about half of 1.5GB ram available and Xen Filesystem just for fun (ext3 over LVM over VHD over ext3 over LVM over RAID 0 5200RPM 500GB Western Digitals)
Now is it the ideal setup? No, but the end user isn't liable to have an ideal setup either. These examples show a little more realism, especially since they're the environments I've realistically got available to test with.
So quit throwing eggs like a jerk at people who are just honestly collecting data, and who actually give a damn about how the data gets interpreted.
@_date: 2012-12-29 13:31:32
Maybe somebody can rouse Satoshi's ghost to write us a protocol for a decentralized exchange, next. :D
@_date: 2012-12-12 13:00:25
You cannot arbitrage with offline BTC.
@_date: 2012-11-17 10:32:08
Alright then, I hadn't read that specific excerpt before. So I'll grant that you didn't fabricate the FUD, but that the EFF did.
On the other hand, [they do not feel that way about all untested, controversial technology](








I am curious as to your opinion which of "running a tor exit node" and "accepting anonymous donations via Bitcoin via Bitpay" is more likely to land you in legal trouble? 
@_date: 2012-10-30 12:11:21
I don't know any OTC transactions that require ID.
Have you checked at [localbitcoins.com]( Just trade for coins locally. Nobody wants your ID, they just want to exchange bitcoins for those green paper things and call it done. xD
@_date: 2012-12-12 13:25:28
200 to 300 bits of entropy would be a fair amount compared to passwords.  Similar to 18-27 words out of a dictionary of 3000, or 31-46 character passwords selected from all printable ascii symbols.
BUT, this paper discusses *theoretical* maximum redeemable entropy, not what's commercially available today.
@_date: 2012-10-30 00:11:07
Agreed. Sandy get's pretty freaky when she's hammered. :&gt;
@_date: 2012-08-23 00:23:10
Yes, that sounds like a prepaid card.
@_date: 2012-08-23 00:07:54


Just to put a finer point on it, currency converters offering easily anonymizable currencies like Bitcoin in exchange for Credit Card payments are the ones who will suffer the most.
You want to sell a widget with CC? You either sell enough widgets in a shop that only a small percentage is fraud (and then every legitimate customer pays the fraud tax) or sell widgets mail order and have a shipping address to help catch fraudsters (can't easily receive a widget without giving away your location via shipping address).
Bitcoins? No mailing address. No identity needed to receive the product. Easy to "fence". 
Thus zero product-side fraud deterrence, which is a product feature that credit cards unfortunately rely upon. :P
@_date: 2012-10-29 00:58:25
Sweet, so let's goad everyone who doesn't presently use this or similar services by upvoting this question and getting them off of their butts. xD
Mainly, I'm just sick of there being nobody else for 150 miles. Maybe that's the actual state of things, or maybe there's another hundred coiners nearby who just aren't advertising because they're waiting for someone "more official" than they are to pick up the torch.
I've been waiting, patiently
for somebody to set me free
never realizing: [somebody is me](
or that I was somebody.
@_date: 2012-07-09 03:43:24
An entire globe full of [Real Hackers]( cannot collude, though. All it takes is one that decides that a grand today isn't so bad, and everyone else's dreams of waiting until the cart is fully loaded are spoiled.
The fact is, I'm sure that as soon as an opportunity window lines up where class of people X realize they can perform trick Y to get prize Z, someone from that class of people will be the first to step forward and claim the thing.
We all know bitcoin is a pretty secure core network. It's run 3 years securing $45 mil at today's exchange rates. Any one hacker who wanted to game the system could get a healthy chunk of that before spoiling trading if he acted covertly enough, so we have to assume nobody knows how to do that profitably enough yet. But exchanges and wallets still get hacked just because of how hard it is to keep the support code watertight. SQL injection, XSS, flaws in the underlying OS, bad password choice, etc. Any one leak can empty the boat.
It doesn't take a Machiavellian to cash in on that, just the right joe at the right time who can see the flaw.
@_date: 2012-10-05 03:11:34
That's what he's saying.
Sort of like if you live in an abusive home, you grow to fear the outside world where your overprotective spouse can't prevent *other* people from hitting you. &amp;
@_date: 2012-12-19 19:57:49
This here is some decent merchant how-to advice, thanks. :D
+tip 0.08btc
@_date: 2012-12-16 02:18:11
Because of the volatility of the market, this intensely raises the question of "when should those bitcoins be converted to USD"?
If Bitpay holds the balance as Bitcoins, then WM has incentive *not* to endorse sooner, if the currency is either about to shoot up (get more money by waiting) or about to fail (dodge endorsing something that puts egg on your face).
If Bitpay converts the balance to USD at time of each donation and then sits on that, then I see at minimum these cons:
* Alienates donations from contemporary exchange rates. EG, someone donates 10BTC one day @ $13usd/BTC, WM considers endorsing it a month later when rate shoots up to $50usd/BTC, original donation is distorted by this exchange delta to look like ~2.5BTC.
* Heightened solvency concerns: in case something bad happens to Bitpay during this time, I think it's easier for Bitpay donators to know their funds are being curated properly when they are visible on the blockchain than when they are squirreled away into an opaque USD account, somewhere.
And tons of other potential pros or cons I'm not creative enough to visualize just now. x3
@_date: 2012-10-19 11:22:51
Bitmit is another good option for dealing in Bitcoin without touching fiat. Granted, it's not as high volume as Ebay, and while I've had great luck with the Escrow system; it does imply short-term trust in the site operator. I am personally waiting on m-of-n transactions to put the final nail in the "how can you safely escrow?" coffin.
For me, right now, the biggest challenge with Bitcoin is not securing my own wallet, or worrying if I can send it reliably to another person, but securing the counterparty asset.
Trade bitcoin for widget, you can guarantee the bitcoin will trade through a&gt; quickly, b&gt; at very low cost, c&gt; both parties (no matter how little they trust each other) can confirm the bitcoin transaction is complete, d&gt; no chargebacks possible. But since you can basically never assure the same for the widget (be it good, service, or fiat specie), drama invariably sets in. 
M-of-N transaction escrow will allow the flow of bitcoin to be perfectly conditional — so if widget is never delivered you can safely get your coin back — via the help of one or more pre-arranged referees, while never yielding the coin directly to the referees either. I feel like that's the last leg in the tripod to allow Bitcoin to secure an entire transaction, instead of just a one-way "donation" which it is unbeatably able to secure today. :3
@_date: 2012-04-30 00:58:03
This is an excellent question.
I wonder how Omegle/ChatRoulette handle the legal inconveniences of undisclosed, underaged visitors? :O
@_date: 2012-11-09 05:49:33
[Poe's Law](
Also, [sgtspike's link]( tells me "Error 404 - Not Found".
You want I should turn it off and back on again, or..?
@_date: 2012-11-15 21:29:34
They downvote syde80 because the things they know are [mis-applied]( to this situation. 
@_date: 2012-11-01 23:13:37
Blinks at you.
Do what? run the entire ZeroAccess network in order to gross 2.7mil annually?
@_date: 2012-12-10 15:58:48
Well then we'll keep recommending that they use software which universally leaves a bad taste in new users' mouths. And when they don't like it, we'll blame them for being wimps and hating freedom.
And when they spawn new threads claiming Bitcoin is a scam because it locks all the funds you send to the wallet behind some bogus bait and switch synchronization process, we'll kick back with some popcorn laughing at "the people who just don't get it" while adoption continues to flag.
@_date: 2012-07-03 00:06:08
Thank you for responding here, sir. :3  I think Reddit has a decent community of Bitcoin adopters.
I am largely divested from Paypal, I hold a larger balance in varying bitcoin wallets and exchanges than I do in Paypal at any given time. The challenge is *other* people's investment in Paypal.
I do small-transaction business with dozens of other people, mostly friends, amateur artists and small-time businesses in Secondlife. Most of them do not have buy-in interest on the Bitcoin economy at this time. They all use Paypal, they all hate it, but not enough to exodus. And each of them do business with still more paypal users.
So when any one wants to question paypal, they look to their payment network and realize no alternative (like bitcoin) will allow them to easily send money to other paypal users, so they stick it out longer.
Were there a service allowing holders of bitcoin to send money to paypal people as quickly as 4 hours with minimums as low as $5usd or $1usd, then any one user who wants to switch to bitcoin can do so without alienating her paypal business contacts, and the exodus can ratchet one user at a time until a trickle becomes a flood.
I've tested "[spendbitcoins]( which works for value as small as $1usd, though lag time up to 12-24 hours. Your service FC4B was very fast, at only two hours when I tested my $1usd but like you mentioned payments that small weren't meant to be allowed and cannot be made profitable with your current process (Thank you for lowering to $50usd btw, I'm sure many people will benefit from that, but not yet down to my range. :3 )
I haven't yet tried mtgox-&gt;bitinstant-&gt;paypal as others in this thread have suggested. For amounts less than $50 and time tables less than 12 hours, I think 6% sounds fair (if that's really the only fee..) but I'll have to find out how complex the process is. I imagine you have to send bitcoin to mtgox, then sell it on the market, then go through bit instant's system so I foresee more user-facing hoops than FC4B or spendbitcoins. *shrugs*
Again, thank you for your input and best of luck with this service. :3  I will keep you in mind for any transactions at the $50usd+ level to paypal.
@_date: 2012-11-02 03:12:01
promotional video only shows a smartphone going into a tablet, which then gets attached to a keyboard. 
What am I looking at, here? ಠ_ಠ
@_date: 2012-07-19 23:27:26
upvote for comparison with "the [giant stone coins of Yap]( :D
@_date: 2012-05-06 09:48:19
:O  I wonder what the reply were?
I missed it..
@_date: 2012-09-28 23:26:46
Why would the user know the warez copy of skyrim they downloaded is about to scan their HD for bitcoin clients and then patch those? That "keygenpatch" file was just supposed to hack the game, not empty their wallet. :3


You seem to have a flawed idea of what "secure" means then. A piece of software can never be secure against locally escalated privilege, and without that latter you'd never have a keylogger running, either.
@_date: 2012-07-16 06:36:26
I don't know, I think it's a lot easier to launder in bitcoin via [blockchain.info's mixing service]( or any of a number of other mixing services, than it is to launder in an environment closely monitored by Linden Labs and the united states government, involving all kinds of third parties and in-game accounts and balances which can be frozen or confiscated at a moments' notice. :P
@_date: 2012-11-26 01:57:56
Without colored coins, this is just "using bitcoin" because you can't prevent people from buying one or two BTC and flooding your microeconomy with it. There's no way to guarantee a certain satoshi came from his special first BTC, they could come from anywhere.
With colored coins OTOH, he would be set. :D
@_date: 2012-12-12 13:19:15
This ([xkcd: Password Strength]( is the best explanation I know of for why passphrases allow you to pack more high-quality entropy into your noodle than random strings.
The packing it into your noodle part is the real trick. You could get a computer to generate an entire megabyte of perfectly random data and use that as a passphrase. But what next? Where would you put that megabyte of data? Unless you can both faithfully memorize it and rekey it at a moment's notice, you'll be forced to offload that entropy into another location.. such as saving it to your computer or USB stick.
Then instead of a passphrase it would be a digital key, and the security dynamics change.
@_date: 2012-12-12 14:01:22
+tip 0.05btc for keeping up the timely, targeted advice. &lt;3
@_date: 2012-10-31 22:09:26
That was the mistaken assumption I made when I read the original FBI report warning that botnet mining would be liable to take off.
I did not realize that on top of the CPUs (both hardware and electricity at nearly zero cost to botnet operators, so no matter how few Mhash per CPU, the percentage profit is higher so botnet operators make it up in 100x volume) many of the infected machines have GPU video cards of one form or another, and the botnet can utilize those as well. Some percentage of infected computers make decent mining rigs all on their own, and still cost the interlopers virtually nothing to leverage.
Think of it this way: Real miners stop mining by the time it costs $2usd of power to mine $1usd of bitcoin. Botnot operators will happily draw $100usd of power to mine $1usd of bitcoin, since they don't pay the bill.
@_date: 2012-09-17 21:45:30
I think caj is referring to the fact that you are not spared the responsibility of securing your assets. They can still be lost ("lost" implies misplaced; forgotten passphrase to encrypted wallet or brain wallet, for example) or [stolen](
I think your point is that personal security over the asset is as possible to guarantee as it is with physical assets like Gold, unlike assets where the money supply is directly controlled by a government or where the asset is held by a third party (bank) and can thus be surgically frozen or confiscated without busting your personal bunker.
@_date: 2012-11-01 23:10:54
My point was local browsers claim the *intermediary* certificate is good til 2017, while some other people's browsers and all the SSL checkers say the intermediary expires in 2012. 
@_date: 2012-10-13 10:03:17
Author points not only to trust-related hoarding: "I won't invest this gold because it may go default!" but deflation-related hoarding: "Since my money gains in value strongly against fiat and weakly against bread, good luck with a venture so wildly successful you could net ANY interest to pay me back with!"
@_date: 2012-10-29 21:24:21
Alright, so trade less than that. Or, if neither party documents the transaction, then nobody has to know if you're trading over that by within a magnitude or more. ;3
EDIT: Actually, I just looked back at the time period part: "per day". Wow, yeah that's a lot of scratch to be trading locally, sir! xD
My main concern is that people know *how* to carry this out, in case the exchanges come under attack. Better to practice these skills today, and put your name out there so that people can find you, than to be caught behind the 8 ball with a buttload of coin you don't know how to liquidate, shocking your personally perceived price. :S
@_date: 2012-10-01 23:07:22
I both called and emailed them with simple inquiries (We're interested in buying, what's the ballpark power consumption? Are you planning any rack-mount form factors in case we could order that? etc) in mid-august.
They didn't want my business enough to reply in an email with "I'unno".
@_date: 2012-12-21 20:54:10
Yep, this is solid advice, and good presentation for the new user. :3
+tip 0.1btc
@_date: 2012-09-18 22:26:08


Those are advantages to your idea vs Cash, not advantages to your idea vs Central Ledger.
If the Fed runs a Central Ledger, just like any bank does today, then they *have* evidence of transactions taking place. They don't *have* to print or renew bills.
What incentive do the Fed have to cook up a blockchain that they can't do with a local database? Remember, they can publish a local database if they want everyone to see everyone else's transactions. They can maintain private keys to sign everything they publish, sign transactions submitted to them, you don't need a zillion miners across the world or risk of a 51% attack or 10-60 minutes confirmation wait in that scenario.


I'm glad that's silly. Okay then, I've just made a brand new account for you at my local credit union and I've put a dollar in it. This dollar is pegged to the dollar (my credit union doesn't even handle any other denomination). 
Now I hope you appreciate the dollar I just gave you, show me how you plan to spend it and I'll give you another. :P
@_date: 2012-10-04 05:27:43
Anybody can start a search engine too, in fact many people in the nineties did.
Are you suggesting we sell our Google stock on the strength of this fact?
Network effect gives Bitcoin inertia that it would require *significantly* superior features for an alternate digital currency to overshadow. $120mil USD of perceived value held by present users isn't about to erase itself voluntarily just to taste a new flavor, after all. :P
@_date: 2012-12-27 13:27:59
No, I don't think any pro-bitcoin ad to newbies should say "This is not a Ponzi scheme". That's like putting a personal ad that says "I promise I'm not an axe-murderer". It doesn't have to have a whiff of truth to it for the readers to wonder what in the world posessed you to defend yourself on that specific front. :P
@_date: 2012-07-20 01:12:29
I can't get USD into a market fast enough is my problem. I put all my chips in at $5 and $7.50 price points, so I'm missing this dip. x3
@_date: 2012-10-08 20:56:17


Printing money only gives them power where they can spend the printed money. Their Rial is failing for the time being because of economic sanctions and because they have been cut off from [SWIFT]( They can no longer settle foreign debts or have their foreign debts settle.
Bitcoin, at least in theory, could allow the entire government to transmit wealth through the blockaid. They cannot transmit rials, or usd or any banking currency because they were cut off from the banking network. They cannot transfer gold because of physical sanction. Bitcoin can be transferred through *anything*.
And using Bitcoin in that capacity would not replace the power they glean from printing Rial; it would bolster that power since foreign wealth exchange keeps the Rial from sliding.
@_date: 2012-06-09 01:25:02
Upvoted, John's comment added something by clarifying (unintentional) blogspam.
Yes, it's obvious this is a link to bitcoininformant Julian, but it's not obvious there is no more useful data on that middleman blogpost.
@_date: 2012-10-16 20:47:50


When considered in an accurate context, I do not disagree with most of what this gentleman says, but I do feel as though parts of what he says can easily be pulled out of context and lead to erroneous conclusions and cause alarm.
I do not want our PR spin to be "we all live in fantasy-land", for example. :P
@_date: 2012-12-25 17:41:22
Merry Christmas, then. :D +tip 0.03btc
@_date: 2012-07-29 01:34:19
I'unno, I'd consider the following points.
You have a taint in your unspent outputs on one of your accounts in your wallet. Could be a customer at your bitcoin store who paid in blood money, who knows?
You send your coins to MtGox to convert to USD, or whatever. Mtgox gives you a deposit address, and you send your coins to that.
Mtgox emails you and says "blah blah blah, tainted coins, we'll need stool samples and 30 day holding period and photos of you having sex with a gay midget hooker in order to laugh at you under the guise of promising to unlock your account"
Do they offer the option of paying you back the coin? Even if they wanted to, how easy is it for them to make sure you get the tainted input back? Or else you'd just move the untainted refund from one hand to the other and re-deposit it.
I haven't dealt with this issue before, but I don't see a way they could deal with taint blacklisting aside from sitting on the tainted goods w/ no renumeration. It's exactly like trying to fence stolen property and they could probably legally defend it the same way.
@_date: 2012-08-02 21:55:28
I've seen no evidence that they hold more chase (or WF) accounts than they expect to receive deposits simultaneously. If possible, that would be a fine way to disambiguate deposits. But bank might charge too much fees for holding a ton of accounts like that, on account of banks are greedy scum. (WF wanted $25/mo from me to have just 2 checking accounts in my name, after I'd been in good standing with them for nearly 20 years..)
Additionally, photo of receipt helps clarify everything early in cases where customer deposits cash into wrong account somehow. :P
@_date: 2012-09-08 22:53:12
What's the payload, the Bios image? What spec? You are not using enough words to convey what you are meaning.
The closest thing I can think of to the pathology symptoms you are describing would be a [Length Extension Attack]( but that attack vector is only plausible when the attacker has control over both the input *and* the checksum. In this liveCD plan, if attacker had control over the checksum burned onto the LiveCD, then he would just put malware on the LiveCD instead of screwing with the BIOS.
Even if Length Extension were a concern, you'd just use HMAC to nullify it.
So what *do* you mean, sir?
@_date: 2012-12-12 23:29:18
What do you think I meant by "redeem"? I just meant sell back off to get USD. Of course you can do that with Gold.
You can *try* to do that with monopoly money, but nobody will give you anything for the money by itself. You'd have to keep it with the game, and then nobody is going to buy a used (even "like new"!) game from you at anywhere near retail price. :S
@_date: 2012-08-25 00:47:25
/me looks through "Potential Features" list.
I personally would not use without "Encrypted wallet", "Open source", 'Documented command line options", and ability to juggle multiple wallet files (ideally an "open wallet file" feature should be straightforward).
I would also recommend looking into the thin-client / server approach (default install would just put both on novice user's desktop; "server" can run completely transparent to uninterested user), since keeping the blockchain up to date is a hell of a chore but if you know the IP of a trusted blockchain node who can do the heavy lifting for you (or you're a nerd like me who just installs his own on one computer to access from 10) then just point your client to that and save on the heavy disk thrashing on your workstation. :B
@_date: 2012-10-29 09:46:12
Alright, but honestly, what kind of red flags could that raise? I'm trying to imagine what nefarious ends such a pattern could lead to, or how it's really different from a business branching out to have lots of satellite offices who would all deposit revenue to the same account(s), or to be perfectly honest, why a business could not simply accept customer payments as cash/check deposits?
Many people are giving that business lots of money from many locations. And? This could cause trouble for the bank, how? If the business is doing something illegal, authorities should investigate the business directly instead of just shutting off the accounts and dangling more expensive services in front of the business which basically achieve the same thing. :/
@_date: 2012-09-19 11:57:21
I definitely appreciate the difficulty in counterfeiting and ease in verifying Bitcoin. :3
That said, I sure would love some inexpensive, convenient technologies to do the same for physical precious metals, too. 
Bitcoin doesn't need alternatives to have this particular disadvantage in order to stand out, it's already well blended with precious metals for other reasons. You cannot easily/securely/inexpensively (pick less than 3) transmit gold to a remote location, but you also cannot lose your gold to a remote attacker. So I think Bitcoin and Gold complement one another quite nicely.
But that would be moreso were gold more counterfeit-proof. :/
@_date: 2012-10-19 22:56:54


No, actually. I accused you of being a [Concern troll]( Different species entirely:


Let's compare this definition against the kinds of crap you've been saying:




You've been bandying about the 78% statistic in virtually all of your posts even after we've posted [a number of refutations]( because the analysis is flawed. Both web wallets and the standard client's propensity to generate new addresses for every transaction, and only spend the oldest balances first get lumped by that analysis into the "hoarding" category. Analysis over-states it's capacity to meaningfully determine what parties actually control what coin, because bitcoin traffic analysis is tougher than Shamir gave it credit for, and there's no alternate path by which to corroborate his conclusions.
You've made the ridiculous claim on multiple occasions that any large sell by a small party can drop the trading price to zero; largely amplified by your 78% claim. You treat the MtGox buy book as though it represents 100% of buy interest, instead of only being the percentage willing to trust their assets to MtGox over a long period of time in order to actively practice speculation and arbitrage. Nobody can tell you what the actual buy interest is, but by definition any drop in price not accompanied by a generalized drop in community faith will lead to people clamoring to buy up all of the unusually low-priced coins.
Yes, the currency is volatile. Show me a three year old, publicly traded asset with a mere $120mil market cap that isn't. Yet you insist on comparing it to the standard of the highest valued market mankind has ever known: "if the USD had lost value like bitcoin did recently, it would be a world disaster". Part of the goal of adopting a currency like bitcoin is that our country learned — after your beloved Great Depression where we chose to leave the gold standard in favor of fiat — how to print our way out of financial crisis. While perfectly effective in the short-term, the danger of that solution is that one dooms oneself to continue printing ever faster, and only an economy which grows at a matched pace can save you from asymptotic loss of buying power.
I do not state that the country would have been better served remaining on the gold standard, nor do I advocate that Bitcoin become a national currency. But while a centrally planned currency supply makes a better choice for a national staple over the short term of a century or so than a commodity-fixed one does; it is still significantly far from ideal. I cannot say what a better long-term choice for a nation-state is, but I can say that individuals need access to as many alternatives as possible and need the capacity to protect their own financial autonomy.
Bitcoin is presently the only perfectly autonomous currency which can be traded over a distance. It's also the only currency of any kind which can be protected by no means other than information security (eg, brain wallet). Any individual can participate, regardless of race creed or value system, and in doing so they stand a chance (by way of non-trivial personal discipline applied to the tools available) to store and transfer value which cannot be regulated.
I am sorry if such properties strike you as a waste of time, but that's no reason to derail discussions in "this little sub-reddit" with your contempt and ad hominem. You disagree with me, and with a majoriy of Bitcoin proponents, to claim that hoarding of BTC is a problem. It is [our position]( that this is not a worthwhile front to expend resources. We have enough challenges in PR and adoption and securing counterparty risk in traded assets to try to prevent our currency from *gaining* in value until nobody wants it any more.
@_date: 2012-05-08 23:12:51
Meh, too bad it's such a blindingly emotional presentation.
It does a pretty fair job of describing how bitcoin works, how to use it, and why it's good to evade the nefarious workings of the fiat system. But it sounds like it's being narrated by someone who is about to pop a vein in their foreheads (hard to ascribe trust to someone clearly flipping out, lol ;3 ) and the art style being bouncy cardboard cutouts doesn't lend well to an impression of "I want to trust this system with my finances". 8I
So, half "good job" and half "needs work" from this reviewer. :3
@_date: 2012-09-17 10:12:16
Look, today's USD inflation rates are at ~3% per annum. Are you honestly suggesting the USD will see greater than 100% per annum inflation before 2014?
Or are you just hyperbolicly stating that USD is a relatively poor investment?
@_date: 2012-12-26 18:05:04
But buying bitcoin with CC isn't high risk for the buyer, it is for the seller. :P
@_date: 2012-11-30 22:53:00
Are we talking wallet clients, or mining clients?
I don't see investigating shorter/orphaned/netjoin chains as being any more processing overhead than accepting arbitrary transactions input onto the network. They need be investigated for no properties other than being batches of potential transactions. If injecting block-noise into a client that tries to process it would cause DoS, then so to would just injecting a lot of transactions to evaluate, no?
@_date: 2012-11-06 22:39:59
oh wait, I misread the first one's "Price: $0.13573095" as 0.13573095 BTC, and used math from there to derive $1.45usd.
My bad! xD
@_date: 2012-09-11 01:55:05
[And the rest was caddyshack](
@_date: 2012-06-26 23:20:13
Me: Bit-pay? Hey, I just started testing them on Monday. Wonder what this news is about?


Woo hoo! My test sounds like it sure made a huge splash in the market. :D


Aw D:
@_date: 2012-12-13 18:56:05
Well, [he seems to think]( Tampermonkey is required, or I'd have never heard of that:


@_date: 2012-08-10 02:08:43
No, tl;dr:


That's not "private business refuses somebody's money, someone get the courts to force money at them" it is "One among the oligopoly of digital payment processors suddenly refuses service due to anti-competitive motivation. Screw courts, let's advocate Bitcoin as an alternative way to accept payments".
@_date: 2012-12-27 14:26:54
I think we need to have a discussion on what "better" means, here. :J
In your batch file, what would you use as the random number generator? How high quality is it's entropy? Unweighted dice are generally regarded as having perfect entropy, so that's nontrivial to beat on a computer. [Here is a video excerpt]( describing why it is challenging for a computer to generate randomness.
Watch the whole [Gambling with Secrets series]( if you have the time too, it's the finest video explanation of cryptography I have evar seen'd. :D
@_date: 2012-11-01 01:41:02
It sounds like you're conflating the word "bot" with "cloud hardware". [Botnet]( by definition, does imply illegally usurped compute power.
The difference between a botnet and legally paying for cloud hardware services is the same as the difference between slave labor and legally paying employees their wages. Slave labor will always get more done for less expense, because you are exploiting a pool of disposable slaves.
Furthermore, Mining is an operation that cannot be easily, legally ceded to the cloud because all mining value lays with hardware and electricity input, while none lays with administration.
When you pick up compute power from Amazon EC2, they provide the hardware and some generic softare tools, while you provide the website or app or database or storefront and curate the traffic to said service. Mining involves no advantage at the software end. All mining software operates at or near peak efficiency already. So anyone who *has* the hardware to mine has no incentive to rent the hardware out for any less money than they would earn by simply mining themselves.
@_date: 2012-09-02 03:38:53


Yis, yis it do. :D


What it does is lower the bar for people to *accept* bitcoin.
Today, when I try to pitch bitcoin to merchants, such as the pawn shop down the street, or a friend who can't establish a bank account, their question is "what can I do with this?" and I can't answer much but "Alpaca socks, drugs, bitmit (which is like Ebay with no viewers), or spend a few days melting it back into regular money".
With a card like this, we lower the risk for lay people to hold bitcoins by several magnitudes. If people can hold bitcoins with no risk, then they can accept bitcoins. They can accept payments from other countries. From other small parties without relying on Paypal. Without regulation. Without anyone telling them how they can or cannot spend their money. AND they can spend it just like the money they are already accustomed to, or even cash directly out at any ATM any time of day for a modest fee.
The more people who feel safe holding bitcoin, the more merchants who 
will be willing to accept it. First of all, instruments like this (and bit-pay, which isn't a fit for simple consumers) lower *their* risk in accepting coins. Secondly, accepting raw bitcoin and cashing out through this is cheaper than bit-pay and competitive with Visa or Paypal in total fees. Alternately, merchants can give interested employees cards like this and pay them wages in bitcoin (which is what my employer will start doing by year's end). So any employer who can accept bitcoin, *and* pay their bills (such as payroll) in native bitcoin as well will save *tons* of money. :P  But most have to come to this realization in baby steps.
People will begin to see two important things about bitcoin that give it power in domestic transactions:
1&gt; Over a long time frame, Bitcoin appreciates while fiat depreciates. Holding a balance in bitcoin earns value.
2&gt; Every time you change hands using bitcoin, you save money over changing hands using any other digital currency. Doesn't matter if it's $0.01USD or $100,000 USD worth, doesn't matter if you're following every tax law and regulation beyond the letter of the law which hasn't caught up yet, you *will* save on fees vs Bank Transfers, VISA, Paypal, and save time verses ACH.
That is how I believe this instrument will make a huge splash in our little economy. :3
@_date: 2012-10-28 22:35:22
I worried for a few months before first advertising there that I might run into unsavory bitcoiners or people strung out on drugs or wanting to rob me, but on further investigation of the community that archetype does appear to be quite rare. So then I posted my ad, as there is nobody else within 150 miles in any direction, but still really no takers.
My thoughts are, yes it's nice that you can exchange for fiat at sites like [Bitfloor]( (until they lost the cash deposit option) or [VirWoX]( (though you've got to be a Secondlife player) et al but these are also more vulnerable to state intervention than grass-roots trading is.
I feel like everyone ought to at least post an ad, and try out other ads on the site, to exchange some of their bitcoins and build a network. If not on this LocalBitcoins site in particular, then somewhere.. or better even, probably every popular venue at the same time.
Our goal is to have a way to establish a fabric of personal connections to help carry the currency in a way that the state or even any loosely allied negative forces cannot effectively act against us. There won't be such an effective fabric if we're too spread apart and scattered, I think we've all got to get involved. D:
Thoughts? Criticisms? Concerns?
@_date: 2012-11-12 05:22:51
Hey, let [Steve Wagner](over at Etsy know what's up, he seems to be coordinating all the bitcoin related efforts up in thar. :3
@_date: 2012-12-14 11:15:02
/me gets alarmed, clicks,
*whew!*, that's not a thing yet. xD
@_date: 2012-09-26 07:38:28
Tried reading his comment sections.
It gives me a headache that any time I venture outside of reddit, to the comment sections of articles or steam forums or etsy or even bitcointalk, I get a deluge of [uneducated nonsense]( such as "My roommate's dad's second cousin once heard that you can only get Bitchips if you grind your computer at  a ponzi on Everquest and the company that makes them works for the NSA."
And you can't downvote them. &gt;:C
@_date: 2012-09-04 22:53:21
Show us how it's done, o wise one. There is obviously a market for this if everyone else is being picked off left and right.
My hypothesis is that Bitcoin businesses and exchanges attract a magnitude greater attention from would-be intruders because of how juicy the asset is. 
Anyone can protect a blog. Just leave everything unencrypted and publish your master password on twitter in case you ever forget it. You'll never get hacked because *nobody cares*.
Run a standard business? Still low hacking risk, because an attacker gets onto your server, what can he make off with? Some CC numbers? non-trivial to use at any volume. Folks emails/passwords to this site? big deal.
A bitcoin business like this one leaves a quarter mil in a digital format on the servers. Gain access and learn the private keys, that money is instantly in your back pocket.
All the loot of a banking website, without any of the pesky multi-million dollar security investments and audits and thid party monitoring a bank would actually perform.
@_date: 2012-11-10 02:11:27
Oh sure, I'm not saying Wikipedia should not find a way to allow the voices of tor users to be heard, and to somehow filter out and squelch the rabble without profiling the entire network.
All I am saying is, one way to use tor and still distance yourself from the rabble enough that Wikipedia can accept you without further change in their policies is to cap off Tor with VPN. Thanks to Bitcoin, that is now possible without yielding your identity to anyone down the line.
IN FACT, since you mention the technical hurdles involved, I now suddenly wonder why VPN providers who accept bitcoin could not in fact simply offer paid, stealth exit nodes! :O  Just pay in bitcoin, get exclusive access to exit nodes amidst their other VPN IP addresses. As easy as Tor, as maleable as VPN. 
Now I want THAT! xD
Essentially, set yourself apart from the rabble by investing in your exit IP which carries a reputation Wikipedia can track as solidly as your ISP's exit IP. 
Another option, Wikipedia could accept Tor registrations with bitcoin fees. Then, again, you are investing in your pseudonym such that they can still ban it if it misbehaves, and then you're out the registration fee.
@_date: 2012-08-17 01:46:02
Well, it's certainly used by the black market and silk road. It is used by anyone who wishes reliable value transfer without having to rely on or pay through the nose for a third party to provide it. Anyone who wishes to transfer or store value beyond the interference of their local government or local third party payment processor options.
I have friends who are using bitcoin in place of paypal et al because they are young, live with their parents, sometimes even disabled, and their parents or spouse tyranically control their finances. Can't get a bank account (prerequisite to many paypal transactions) or can't otherwise move money without that ultralocal government interference.
I operate on secondlife, run exchanges for many close friends including accepting lindens from them to convert to paypal (spend directly to receipient, for art or services or etsy) or steam game purchases et al. I've helped a few of these who are not easily confused by complex bitcoin clients to use bitcoin in place of paypal to pull their linden funds.
They can OTC exchange to cash with anyone in their area way faster than Paypal can ACH, even *if* they had a bank account. They can use [Spend Bitcoins]( or [FastCash4Bitcoins]( to pay other private party paypal accounts directly from bitcoin. And they can buy bitcoin with cash via [bitfloor]( to deposit lindens when needed with no credit card.
Bitcoin is a powerful enabler to almost anyone who needs to move money whenever all other options are less desirable (paypal, visa, western union, intl wire transfer, the list goes on). You take on price volatility risk, and extra wallet security responsibility when you hold coin, but you save on transaction fees by holding a balance and buying and selling directly in coin instead of losing value by constantly changing denominations and paying to move non-btc.
I think that's the "use value" of bitcoin; being a versatile payment method with properties that cannot be replicated via any previous commodity (gold, cash, relying on third parties to transfer and store wealth for you) and you can't cash in on those benefits without having a sufficient reservoir of the coin at your disposal — or paying cost + plumbing fees (exchange fees, movement fees + time + effort) to trade into it at the 11th hour before using it.
@_date: 2012-07-19 08:15:05
Selling them *should* be easier, in theory. Because bitcoin is non-reversible, the buyer isn't risking fraud.
But you risk fraud, so you prefer going through a reputable source. And all reputable sources risk losing their connection to standard money processors, such as Paypal which prohibits bitcoin in their ToS.
I use "spendbitcoins.com" for paypal, great for converting BTC to USD and sending straight to a small-time recipient, but you have to go through an extra step to get to a merchant account like steam.
If you need to get funds to your bank account, I don't know of a way that doesn't impose a 2-4 day delay, such as ACH. Fastest and cheapest I know is bitfloor-&gt;ACH, but I started my first test of that Tuesday and have yet to see anything hit the bank. Direct cash withdrawls would be nice, but AFAICT you've got to depend on locally based amateur traders to do that.
@_date: 2012-09-07 19:34:56
Alright, but are you using "can" in it's mathematical sense, or in it's practical sense? The distinction is non-trivial when people are trying to discuss real-world security designs. :P
@_date: 2012-12-18 05:52:43
Interesting and well-written article, but wholely off-topic for sub. :(
@_date: 2012-12-24 23:22:29
+tip 0.05btc
You're doing God's work, son. :3
@_date: 2012-12-12 04:08:49
Haven't you heard? He's the [Las Vegas Mayor of Bitcoin]( How can he not make it rain e'ry now and again? xD
@_date: 2012-12-11 03:16:37
My additions to "is":
* A solution to the [Byzantine Generals Problem](
* deflationary (after initial period of prescribed inflation to spur growth)
* a globally distributed, absolutely decentralized protocol participated in 100% voluntarily (give or take botnets and malware also choosing to interact with Bitcoin against infected hosts' authorization)
* Impossible to chargeback
* Supports only push transactions
* Direct person to person transactions, via an efficient cloud of miners disengaged from the minutia of your transaction
* Curiously extensible (escape hatches for new transaction types, larger blocks, greater subdivisibility pending deployment and network consensus)
* Easy to access via any internet-enabled computer or mobile device via today's software offerings.
* Easy to operate through anonymous proxies such as Tor.
* Pseudonymous, with the option to be completely anonymous given a little discipline and elbow grease.
* Astoundingly easy to authenticate
* The most powerful notary system on Earth [I know, citation needed ;3]
* Wicked awexome.
My additions to "is not:"
* backed by any separate commodity
* backed by any government, nation-state or corporation
* directly controlled by any central authority
* possessed of any single point of failure
* particularly similar to any previous system or mode of exchange
* anonymous by default (you're still left with a lot of responsibility on this point)
* at all easy to counterfeit
* about to [take your shit]( :P
@_date: 2012-08-21 22:33:55
Lol, this popcorn sure is good.
What will make it even tastier is in a couple of months when I'm buying it from whatever Safeways I feel like using a bitcoin debit card, while this lot continue crying about which weasel weaseled who and how the market didn't yield to rise all of their boats for them. ;3
@_date: 2012-11-12 00:13:57
Yea, I only posted it here. TBH I'm sure you're not the first person to basically karma whore fictional stacks by posting what you find in google image search. Counterfeit images of Silver do less damage than [counterfeit silver naked shorting]( which is simply a different form of counterfeiting. 
@_date: 2012-08-17 00:35:26
Bitcoin is an amoral technology, of course it has no morals.
The community who endorses bitcoin is a different matter, however. Many of us do appreciate the alarm being sounded when someone attempts to abuse trust, and such a communal mechanism allows said trust the chance to flourish. 
Without such a mechanism, bitcoin *cannot* become an accepted means of commerce. If it is encouraged that users break trust at absolutely every opportunity, then you can never form an atomic transaction because the first person to give an asset in a two-way trade, or show any vulnerability must by definition be fleeced, making all commerce impossible.
@_date: 2012-09-21 20:28:34


False. Virtually none of the price shocks to the precious metals market correlate with any news related to the metal. ALL markets run on speculation and fickle confidence, and "warning" is a fairy tail. By the time you can smell a stink in the water for any commodity, I guarantee everyone more aware than you has already placed their orders to sell off and those orders will clear before you place yours.
So this isn't a problem with you lacking confidence over bitcoin, it's you being overconfident in everything else. Sadly, that's not a lesson you'll learn the hard way until our boat rides through some waves yours can't. But the game is to choose that boat *before* such waves hit, so ..
Laugh now, cry later. :3
@_date: 2012-10-29 09:57:10
The concept is, many of us expect a day where some form of pressure — either from the state, or the financial industry, or perhaps just a complex wave of events with no single motivating player — may interfere with or shut down Mt Gox or other exchanges. I would like Bitcoin to have a strong enough fabric of person to person exchange options that everyone knows how to keep the trade flowing after the large exchanges are knocked out.
If you want to oppress Bitcoin, the exchanges are your obvious choke point.
So I'm not saying "stop using the exchanges" or "do all your business locally", just put out some feelers and do a few test transactions and keep in touch with your local folk so you'll be in good stead in case your centralized options to cash in or out go "bork". :D
@_date: 2012-12-25 13:48:09
or precious metals, or price index. :D
@_date: 2012-12-16 05:27:23
I see, curious. (also, sorry to hear about the modqueue spam! xD)
So I'll bet even if you log in via a separate user using your normal IP, you couldn't see through the shadowban (such as 404'ed user account)?
@_date: 2012-10-25 23:18:32
But it has a lot in common with those things, and I trade most of my Secondlife Lindens directly and rapidly to Bitcoin using [VirWoX]( 
So from an actual trying-to-stop-laundering perspective, what would separating Bitcoin from Lindens or WoW gold do? The laundering would just carry on in whatever venue you're not regulating.
@_date: 2012-09-04 21:38:45


Because when you fund your own R&amp;D the resulting data can be kept secret so that only you can benefit. When the government funds it, your competitors learn the results at the same time you do.
@_date: 2012-08-28 23:13:45
I'm really dissapointed that, if she claims the conversation is still going they just had to stop the taping, and we *are* watching this online, why cannot we see more of the conversation? Did they carry on the discussion, perhaps with less rushing afterwards?
Does someone have a link to the rest of that discussion archived somewhere? Maybe without the TV camera and just an archive of the hangout? :P
@_date: 2012-08-18 22:02:00
Makes much more sense to me if everything up to "closing up shop",
followed by "so long and thanks for all the coins" xD
@_date: 2012-09-28 00:49:14
But she's not spokespersoning "Bitcoin", just the buy4bit website and it's social toolbar feature.
She's also pulling a stilted recital with terrible empty frames. :P
The question you must ask yourself, when you decide between "promote the industry" or "promote my business":
is do you want a larger slice of a shrinking pie, or a solid, non-shrinking percentage of a growing pie?
Bitcoin is plagued by negative PR by under-educated detractors. That is the primary bottleneck to your business. 
Also, your audience (pro-bitcoiners) is uniquely pre-disposed to *dis*-trust centralized social networking as an avenue to share information. 
@_date: 2012-10-19 02:46:52


But then once you start talking about Bitcoin, you revert to "trusting your money with some scammer, broken promises, boo hoo".
So pick one. Do you trust Paypal to hold a balance for you, or don't you? What is Paypal good for, besides holding a balance on your behalf you can conveniently send and receive?
Bitcoin does not require you to send any money to a third party to accomplish this.


Really now? Then demonstrate this by sending a buck to someone in Nigeria please. Without allowing any third party to wield control over it in the interim.
@_date: 2012-04-30 17:16:13
According to [the wiki]( Intersango relies on [Dwolla]( for all USD deposits and withdrawals. So really you are asking ["why not use Dwolla?"](
@_date: 2012-10-31 21:30:07
Here's a fun exercise. [This]( is a a link to a Google Search for the word "bitcoin" and double quoted phrase "afford to lose".
Please identify any influential party, blogger, developer, or service provider of the Bitcoin community that is *not* represented in those search results. x3
@_date: 2012-08-30 04:41:33
I see sgornick there in the comments giving good advice, why nothing to say on reddit link? x3
@_date: 2012-09-06 23:47:16
BitInstant does, but I don't think you'll ever see the dreamy low fees that bitfloor offered again. x3
@_date: 2012-07-19 18:06:51
Hmm, 19 hours now and still nothing though.
I tested with [address 1DY7WJdCgS1qw9v24W7uP6MmRFaxF6Pqj6](
@_date: 2012-10-01 23:01:58
They make mining rigs. They've promised ASIC-based rigs magnitudes faster than previous offerings, and taken pre-orders for such a long time, the community is starting to wonder if they are going to deliver at all or if it's just a long scam.
@_date: 2012-05-21 21:52:45
I imagine OP would count you as an "very early adopter". I mean, where was BTC 11 months ago? xD  That was about the time of the worst value spike we've had (July 2010).
In other news, if you know any freelance coding meetup sites where folks bid out jobs in BTC, lemme know because that sounds fun to try. :3
@_date: 2012-12-14 11:12:32
I like this [alot](
@_date: 2012-08-17 00:37:05
I would consider one user raising the alarm for others to hear a fine example of crowd authority.
Why should we ask french fries to wave the scammers through?
@_date: 2012-11-08 09:56:21
Included in every transaction is a voluntary transaction fee. Basically, however much money the transactors want to offer into the swarm of miners to subsidize getting their transaction notarized.
As a miner, you get to choose which of the transactions on the network you're going to notarize. The transactions had better be valid, or your block will get rejected and you lose out on the reward coins and fees.
So once you choose them, whoever isn't offering enough fees to cover your costs, you don't have to add them.
Today, because the reward of newly minted coins is sufficiently lucrative to keep everyone in business, and is so much larger than the sum total of fees offered by everyone in the low-volume transaction network, the fees are seen by the miners as mostly insignificant to their decision process. Some miners include all txns they can see waiting on the network, others just cut out the absolutely 0 txns.
But as that reward continues halving every four years, and the expected volume of transactions continues to increase, the day will come when miners begin increasing the minimum transaction fees they accept of their own accord, in order to keep paying their mining expenses. As more miners begin requiring a fee (and probably switching off their farms for minutes at a time waiting for sufficient fees to build up to pay for them to run), customers will begin seeing the market need to keep the fees they offer up to some standard in order to ensure timely notarization.
@_date: 2012-10-21 12:49:03
All the exchanges seem to have a good relationship with ING. So who are they, prexactly? Does it benefit anyone to do business through ING, or are they just as bad as Drolla? How do you get money into or out of ING? I read their [wikipedia article]( which didn't clear up much. ;3
@_date: 2012-06-06 00:11:28
I like Cowboy_Coder's compromise idea: have a hover-over link using CSS if some people find the addresses visually tacky.
The way I see it, this isn't pollution. It's informal identification. It's no different than the reddit usernames being displayed, not just in screen real estate taken up but by way of identifying this user on a separate network: the bitcoin network.
Your reddit username is already advertising, and potentially pan-handling. It's advertising a way to send you an IM, a way to check your post history, etc. People can IM you to ask for your bitcoin address, or to arrange nefarious illegal activities, or heaven knows what.
I acknowledge your distaste for screen or bandwidth resources expended on displaying firstbits flair, sec. But I argue the advantages are better. I would put up a firstbits flair, not to panhandle (I know I'd never get tips and if I did the amounts would by definition be forgettably paltry) but to demonstrate that this is a system I am participating in, and also to potentially improve transaction liquidity:
Say I'm having a talk with someone in the forum, and we want to do actual business. Then there's one less step to closing the deal, because neither of have to ask the other where to send payment.
Because if there is one thing the Bitcoin economy needs every particle of that it can get, it's transaction liquidity and removing every tiny barrier that makes it harder to move money.
Reddits threading, downvote, and report features will help shovel out any potential begging and spam. At the end of the day, people can already advertise by posting their firstbits at the end of every post or by incorporating it into their username. And when that happens we already eject whatever doesn't add to the discussion.
**TL;DR** I can't argue taste with you sec, and i realize this is against your taste, but I like the flair idea a lot and look forward to any input you can provide that would allow us the benefits we seek while minimizing the tackiness that you, and undoubtedly others might perceive. :)
@_date: 2012-06-19 22:48:53
I pity you're children if they ever wanted to put up a macaroni art on the fridge. :J
@_date: 2012-09-29 11:44:03
what negative impact on your anonymity does walking into a bank with cash do?
Bank and Bitfloor would have to collude *and* use facial recognition before anyone could have a hope of telling who you are.
So .. I'unno .. walk into bank with ski mask. xD
Or use the night drop deposit, with a ski mask.
@_date: 2012-10-10 01:32:10
OTOH when I hoard a fixed currency like bitcoin, I am increasing the purchasing power of every other unit of bitcoin in the wild, in an identical fashion to if I had "loaned" it out to every other person making a transaction. I do the opposite and cash in on my "loan" when I begin to spend my coin, divesting myself of the shared medium.
Perhaps private loans should only be taken out in fiat then? Perhaps the same is true of private investments?
@_date: 2012-12-07 03:54:26
Bitcoin isn't regulated, and how this business or TBF or anyone else chooses to interact with the bitcoin ecosystem is totally up to them. 
I get a lot of posts from people who get upset because they want Bitcoin to remain "below the radar" or to avoid certain markets like businesses volunteering to be regulated by states.
How is telling other people what is right or wrong to do in their own business any different from informal, admittedly toothless regulation?
@_date: 2012-06-01 22:14:52
Another option, when no automatic escrow or WOT-verified options are available, is to pay half BTC upfront and the other half on confirmation of delivery. That spreads the risk to a limit of half the value of the transaction, carried by each party during part of the exchange.
I do currency conversions to buy steam games for friends pretty often (BTC, L$, gift card) when they have Lindens or BTC but no bank account, or they don't trust paypal and don't trust steam holding onto their CC data, etc. But I've never dealt with anything formal like a "web of trust" before, sounds like a fun place to build some cred one day when I'm feeling less lazy. :3
@_date: 2012-10-15 07:13:29


enmaku writes:




The question sounded to me like he was asking if average users could fill in the gaps of any potential extra-Bitcoin infrastructure stability.
He deleted our discussion in his article comments (I could repost in full here, but won't unless someone actually cares ;3), but to be fair he did clarify as follows:


@_date: 2012-10-10 21:04:04
Wat? I'm not saying deflation is a problem, it was sounding like you were saying that, so I were arguing against it. :3
@_date: 2012-11-30 22:43:01
[Streisand effect](
@_date: 2012-08-27 04:31:46
I'm a law newb, but what kind of expense is involved in immunizing new law?
That is to say, get two shills to act out a contrived bitcoin transaction and then one shill politely sues the other over it, and run through the courts as inexpensively as possible to set the sort of precedent that you want.
Is that ever done? How bleeding expensive is it? There's court fees, but even if shill A wins $x from shill B, since they both collude with whoever is bankrolling the operation then the operation just pays damages back to itself, right?
@_date: 2012-12-23 10:01:19
Woah, that was confusing clicking through from an unread reply and landing in a thread full o' deleted posts. :J
Well, in [the newer discussion about ripple]( I found a decent descriptive link to a [What is Ripple]( video. It sounds like we're back on the same page again, but I at least wanted to arm you with that nugget o' datas. :3
@_date: 2012-11-02 02:30:25
Thanks, Steven! Keep up the awesomeness. :D
@_date: 2012-04-30 19:57:54
Marks you in res as "anything you can dream up this guy already has a link for", lols x3
In other news, do you have any opinions on the "fee matrix" idea [I posted]( I think that would be a handy sort of data grid to publish for folks.
Aslo, if you are a cowboy coder do you do any freelance coding work? Have a portfolio around, prices, platform specialties or suchnot? Accept payments in Paypal or BTC? I do get coding projects that need did sometimes, so I keep my eyes open for talent. :3
@_date: 2012-12-20 18:42:39
Yeah, per above discussion it is important to make sure user can fill in a different address, because not all wallets (many ewallets have this issue) even *can* accept funds back to the same address.
In fact, I might recommend against straight autofill for the same reason. Average joe might not know better and accidentally send his coins off into the ether. I think it should be an option you explicitly have to choose instead of default, possibly even accompanied by a red text warning. But for those who know that is a valid way to get their money back, it does save a lot of looking up and copy/pasting addresses. :3
@_date: 2012-12-29 13:43:23
Bitt Koynes. :D
@_date: 2012-11-02 02:13:50
OPs point might be that mining allows people to profit from power on the global market using only data communications, thus a running powerplant on an uninhabited island ON THE MOON could still rake in some kind of dough. xD
@_date: 2012-06-24 02:36:43
Nah, we look fine as of shortly after this post I am replying too, presently. :B
@_date: 2012-12-14 20:20:50
Alternately, a client could empty many addresses into the target address and several change addresses through multiple transactions.
This would incur slightly higher txn fees, and mildly increased risk that all the funds don't arrive in the same confirmation block.. but it should give lots of flexibility in hiding the true recipient of funds. Change spends get fair shots at being higher amount than target. Target address gets targeted by multiple outbound spends, but so can the change addresses per batch. You could even arrange for some of the flack transactions not to go to target but change-only, and for one or more of the change addresses to be involved in a larger number of the flack transactions than the target.
If anything, I'm just curious how much of this sort of machination would be required to gain greater marginal anonymity than the present scheme. :J
@_date: 2012-12-07 03:00:50
[t'were my suggestion]( but note that even in my suggestion posting evangelism simply to was recommended until the volume gets high enough to devote to it's own sub. :3
I imagine piachu's just getting the ball rolling early, is all.
@_date: 2012-08-25 02:33:34
Or.. like a leap-day party. x3
@_date: 2012-11-02 02:52:33
I've always used [VirWoX]( for CC/Paypal/Moneybookers -&gt; Bitcoin, but I haven't had to move cash in quite awhile. I used to use [Bitfloor]( but they've recently lost their cash-deposit and ACH options. :(
I haven't tested any other cash deposit options besides Bitfloor and BitInstant. I have *heard of* [BitMe]( but not yet tried them. That's my next test when I want to deposit cash, tho. :3
@_date: 2012-06-06 01:20:46
This. Speculation on bitcoin is indistinguishable from playing satoshi dice. xD
The value of the currency is not a prophecy of what people will pay you to get the currency back later, it's the utility of being able to transact it in situations where other currencies won't do.
@_date: 2012-11-02 02:01:57


Less yes, but I don't know about "a fair amount". If I parse what you're saying properly, it's that "in a world full of honest miners and botnets, vs just a world full of honest miners, we have fewer honest miners actually mining but a net increase in hashrate". However, I don't think that hashrate delta is significant enough in size to meaningfully defend us from 51% attacks.. especially when you consider that the botnets are the most likely parties to both reach and to exploit said attacks.
That's also without accounting for the toxic PR from botnets "doing business" with our community sabotaging our merchant adoption, or the fact that their externalized costs are bourne by *everyone* else by way of increased security cost on our own boxen.
To go back to the crab fishing illustration, yeah the illegal fishers with stolen boats and slave labor do decrease the total time it takes to reach the X crab quota. But they put honest fishers out of work, and they subvert funds those fishers would have spent on boat maintenance and food and honest life into perfecting the art of stealing more boats and enslaving more crews, (could be your boat stolen next, or your family press-ganged) and the crabs aren't brought in with so much speed as to actually excuse any of that transgression.
I chose Autonomy as a moral imperative. That means I axiomatically believe that supporting autonomy always leads to the greatest gains for all individuals on average and for society as a whole. Botnets represent "criminal" subversion of other people's autonomy, and my moral code recognizes that early on as harmful to all individuals on average, and to society as a whole.. and our community is included in that analysis as being harmed.
@_date: 2012-10-18 10:40:23




Your quote of "average daily volume at London = 18.3 million ounces" would represent 0.3% of global stockpile circulating daily. To try to compare apples to apples, [daily bitcoin transaction levels]( appear to be upwards of 1 million BTC per day, or well over 8%.
Of course Bitcoins are naturally more liquid than Gold; but the problem is that an "amount traded daily" statistic doesn't account properly for the same asset getting traded multiple times per day; and this is more obvious when measuring Bitcoin than when measuring gold. But it is clear to any observer that every actual molecule of gold mined in a year is not getting traded every 4.4 days.
@_date: 2012-12-25 17:42:25
I'm just imagining thriller makeup at this point. :J
@_date: 2012-12-12 14:20:28
Yep, the default Bitcoin-QT client (versions up to 0.7.0) takes a long time to sync the blockchain. Once synced however, it acts as a full-fledged payment node and a member of the larger bitcoin community. :D
Once synced, it's also best to leave Bitcoin-QT running 24/7 (or at least running in the background whenever you've got your computer switched on) both to prevent shorter delays getting back up to sync each time you start it (several minutes per day offline), and to continue participating in the larger payment network.
Newer versions of Bitcoin-QT in the pipeline, such as 0.8, have had tons of performance work done to them, so that they ought to be able to finish a full sync from empty database in under 4 hours on modest hardware.
If being a full node (and the maximal security that affords you, less polished interface, etc) sounds like more responsibility than you're into, you can use alternate wallet software which relies at least partially on other parties and skips the need to keep a local copy of the blockchain. Check out some alternatives [here]( :3
@_date: 2012-12-14 00:02:00
and is showing some [Boob envy]( too. :P
@_date: 2012-09-11 01:03:39
The adage that's gotten the most press since the bitfloor debacle has been: "Better to pay x% now, than lose 100% of your coins later"; and 24kBTC worth of investors are in a position where such an option sounds pretty nice right about now. ;3
@_date: 2012-10-16 19:17:31
Pulls gold price from Kitco.com ($1746.50/oz)
Asks Google for Troy Ounces per imperial pound: 14.583
$4e6 / ($1746.50/oz) / (14.583oz/lb) = ~157lb
Yep. It's wood.
@_date: 2012-07-06 23:45:58
I wonder how easily it could be used to send threatening or harassing messages to someone anonymously?
I'm not saying don't do it, just consider all the vectors for bad actors to muck up the pool. :J
@_date: 2012-12-10 15:13:21
I think that thread has loads of very good points worth keeping in mind. But, every single one of those points is prepended with the word "if".
If the third party gets compromised. If users passwords get hacked in a mass invasion. If if if.
The trouble is that the blockchain download/verify step in the official client has no if's. That is an *absolutely unavoidable*, remarkably negative first impression which *every* new client following the endorsed yellow brick road gets exposed to.
Every one of those perfectly legitimate "if"s are about leaving a bad taste in the mouths of new users. About negative PR. Slightly about the potential for losing coins, but mostly about the stink such an event would have spreading beyond the people who lose coins.
But it's hard to beat the stink of inexperienced users complaining "it doesn't work" because of what they will see *every time* they try to use the software. Of users convinced their coins are lost, or worse yet that they are being scammed because they've sent coin to a wallet locked behind a week long blockchain download.
@_date: 2012-12-05 20:50:49
The bitcoin-qt command line client has a JSON API you can use to confirm balance received at an address, so that makes things easy to monitor. They might even have a callback-driven variant, but I haven't checked in awhile.
For lay people, just search for any address on blockexplorer.com or blockchain.info and it will show you all the transactions at that address and current balance. :3
@_date: 2012-09-30 23:15:25
Hmm, I was only aware of Tangible's service [Fastcash4bitcoins]( What sort of buy-in options does he offers?
I have heard he also utilizes Bitfloor to provide many of his services.
@_date: 2012-12-24 14:37:53
Well, welcome to the forum good sir. :3
Look at this this way. When wrapping your head around how Bitcoin is priced, it's easiest to think of it like it is a commodity.
If there were only a million barrels of oil in the world, and there was demand for oil, then the price of 1 barrel would be how much you would have to pay in another valuable asset (like usd) to convince the owner of one barrel of oil to give you their barrel. Obviously different people want to sell at different prices, so the cheapest sell or the most expensive buy is what sets the price. (because if the most expensive buy was more than the cheapest sell, then those two should just trade right away. :P)
With Bitcoin, this price is actually measured by looking at the Bitcoin&lt;-&gt;Fiat markets which do the highest volume. That's always been [Mt. Gox]( but [Bitcoincharts]( show realtime data for almost every exchange, to a large number of currencies too. The markets should naturally keep the same prices, since being able to buy Bitcoin cheaply here and sell it at a premium there leads savvy traders called "arbitragers" to simply do just that until they've bought and sold all the coin that was at different prices, evening those markets back out and making profit all along the way. :9
Obviously, lots of factors weigh in on what price that's going to be from one moment to the next.
* Aggregate demand drives the price up. If oil just becomes more useful tomorrow, then prizing one barrel from the grip of a current owner will be more expensive to do: they'll charge a hefty premium to let go of their precious barrel.
* Aggregate supply drives the price down. If demand stays the same, if one barrel of oil can do the same work today that it could yesterday, then suddenly another million barrels of oil suddenly show up in the hands of some bewildered people before you get up in the morning, and they sell those off to people who can use it until all 2 million barrels are well settled in ownership before you wake up, then the amount you'll have to pay to get a barrel may be about half what it was yesterday. Because you're buying a smaller slice of the pie of "all oil in the world".
with Bitcoin, unlike most commodities the exact supply (or an upper limit thereof) is mathematically well known. It's growing today but we already know it will never surpass 21mil units. As the supply grows, the fact that the price is currently staying fairly stable suggests that the demand must be growing at about the same pace. Increasing price suggests demand is growing faster than supply, decreasing price suggests that either supply is growing faster than demand or demand is just falling. The latter is common with any commodity after public faith is shaken by some sort of scandal.
So that's how the price is determined at any given moment. If Bitcoin fails — that is either the system just breaks so nobody can even tell who has what bitcoins, or everybody just decides to all hate them forever at the same moment — then it's price would drop to zero. Anyone owning bitcoin would no longer find another buyer. If it becomes super popular, then it's price might skyrocket because demand shoots up without a change in supply's behavior. That's what many advocates like me would be stoked to see happen: not just because the coins we own would might become valuable, but because the system we love and understand so well would become meaningful and the financial liberty it promises would be realized. :3
@_date: 2012-10-05 03:32:15
The only algo Bitcoin shares with SSL is SHA-256 for secure hashing. :P
But if you're going to be so vague as to assume "PKI" or even "encryption" as the primitive they share, you might as well just say "they both use the internet".
Here's something you might not have noticed about the Bitcoin protocol.
At no point anywhere in the core system does any information get encrypted. It's all signatures and hashes and transparency over here, baby. ;3
@_date: 2012-08-11 01:23:23
~3.7% fee, but that's on par with credit card fees. Additionally, unlike with credit card fees, nobody will stop the merchant from tacking the transaction fee on top of the price instead of eating the fee.
Pitch it this way: merchant marks up price 5%, then accepts payment in bitpay. Bitcoin adopters thus pay a bit of a premium to do business this way, while merchant is compensated for his adoption.
Trouble I have convincing folk is they want to know what if bitpay poops out on them before they get their ACH. :S
@_date: 2012-08-27 07:11:36
If you're accepting Paypal or CC, then that information is already available to the third party payment processor offering funds.
The point GP was trying to make (oh hai, you are GP xD) is that Bitcoin and it's blockchain has no legal precedent as a defendable exchange of value. It's not comparable to "buying a widget" until a court rules and says "a bitcoin is a thing a person can sue over transmitting and then not getting remunerated for" and "the transaction in the blockchain is sufficient evidence that the exchange irrefutably occurred".
So, my suggestion was "what's the cost to get two shills into a painless lawsuit for no purpose other than to pay court fees to get a precedent set". :3
@_date: 2012-12-17 12:04:17
Because self-fulfillment.
Sometimes it's good to know you can, at least in principal, run all the machinery needed to participate without relying on any central third party. :3
@_date: 2012-11-21 20:10:02
TP wasn't recommending folding work being used to secure Bitcoin, he was recommending an alternative method by which folding work could be compensated by an independent, centralized currency spawning it's own economy.
That said, Ferroh's criticisms seem valid for TP's plans as stated. :J
@_date: 2012-09-02 22:50:57
[VirWoX]( I just tested this method last night too. For reference, I input $52 and came out with 12,546.64 Lindens and 0.69cents USD change. VirWoX only deals in whole USD and whole BTC .. not sure why. :O
Then I kicked in a few extra SL$ from in-game, and traded $12,993.12L and got 5BTC.
So input $52usd + 446.48 lindens, output = 5BTC + 0.69usd, after all charges and spreads accounted for. Time spent, less than half an hour.
Caution though: If you're not a secondlife player, one of the biggest annoyances here will be the change. If I had not put in 446.48 Linden, I would have had 2152.14 Linden of change (roughly $8usd) that I could not convert to a bitcoin (since they only trade in whole bitcoins), so I would have either had to put in some more USD to get a whole bitcoin or withdraw that USD back via ACH. :/
I wish VirWox would just implement a minimum trade amount, such as $1USD and 1BTC, but then allow up to 1/100 unit trades on those currencies like they do with Lindens. :P
@_date: 2012-12-12 13:36:50
No, the really unfortunate part is how many people step away from that comic thinking that "horse battery staple correct" is the perfect password, that will take attackers billions of years to guess.. even though that has now probably moved to the top 1000 list of most used passwords, evar.
I am pretty sure the intended audience for this advice was systems administrators, and people who choose password *acceptance* policies (like me!) to goad them away from limiting password length (my bank required 6-8 characters. Yes, I changed banks! &gt;:C ) and blindly requiring the presence of goofy characters regardless of length.
I don't think you can craft an ELI5 message for things like memorizing 40+ bit entropy secrets. Every attempt would be doomed to fail, and you'd be better off porting Far Cry 3 to an Atari 2600.
But my family now uses 3-4 word passphrases (3 words being good for really, really low priority stuff) and my co-workers now use 4-5 word passphrases. I even [made a website]( to conveniently generate them in fully client-side javascript \**proud*\*.
Oh ya; I forgot what thread it was but my Debian VPS bitcoind sync took 3.8 hours, with -connect to the IP address recommended in the bitcointalk thread.
@_date: 2012-10-03 20:47:34
Bitcoin has a fundamental use-value every bit as stable as gold or USD. The problem with market forces extrapolating use value into stable pricing is that the community has to perceive and understand the use value before you'll start to see the price stability benefits.
Bitcoin is the only currency by which miners get paid to mine. Today by supply inflation, tomorrow by voluntary fees. Extrapolate pricing from there.
What's the value of getting my bitcoin balance transferred from here to there? What's the cost to miners to notarize my transaction in a timely fashion in other currencies such as kilowatt-hours and mining hardware amortization? The transaction fee I pay, subsidized today but paid overtly tomorrow, must meet or exceed that cost in another currency. Thus, bitcoin is forced to have a minimum-bound exchange rate.
@_date: 2012-12-27 12:58:26
I think that what OP article was trying to express is that any currency not directly endorsed (read: printed, debased by) the government is automatically "counterfeit", so people leaving behind their currencies for ones which function better are people engaging in counterfeiting. :P
@_date: 2012-08-20 06:03:47
That's a tremendous amount of faith you've got in Gox there, good buddy. Good to know you've got something to be optimistic about. :D
@_date: 2012-08-23 00:09:40
Simple. Merchant offers discount for payment in bitcoin, to reflect their savings not having to deal with fraudulent chargebacks. :3
@_date: 2012-08-31 22:19:20
Okay, so first order of business: Perfect a better layman-user client. :/
Ideally one which relies on a server, but end user can choose which server they want to rely on (think a dropdown/subscription model, similar to adblock) and sysadmins can easily install the server software which does all the blockchain curation.
One which encrypts the wallet file, and offers similar options as blockchain.info's wallet does for backing up that file.
Really.. I see those as the two major features lacking in bitcoin-qt for basic, vanilla user adoption without forcing anyone to rely on a given provider. :P
@_date: 2012-10-24 01:53:29
This isn't twitter tho, press the reply button to his post. ;3
@_date: 2012-10-13 00:48:19
I'm going to be pondering this "coupon, offering to buy back the coin (paypal or cash in person), and expiration date (emptying account on that date)" idea for non-Halloween related pitches now.
I'll polish the idea as much as I can, and take another run at the local pawn shops.
I might print some coupons like this and leave them out somewhere. Like tear-offs on a cork board at a college campus. :3
@_date: 2012-07-14 04:30:40
Analysis is pandering and cherry picking. And gawd, why the newsprint random fonts? xD
There are many solid and valid reasons for bitcoin's present rise in value, aside from all this puffery. Really, the only reason it dipped in July 2011 was the price shock from the mt gox account hack. It taught the market to be more cautious and now it's being that. *shrugs*
@_date: 2012-12-07 02:45:05


Unfortunately, there was no bafflement to be had. 1/10 would not try to enlighten again.
@_date: 2012-10-23 00:04:01
your sibling answered your question [here]( :3
@_date: 2012-06-06 01:40:34
If BTC's future value was so reliable that banks could not charge a fair interest rate, then they wouldn't offer loans in USD either, because their faith in rising bitcoin would surpass their faith in *any* debtor to return value on their wealth-at-hand, in any denomination.
At the end of the day, any creditor has 2 (out of many) options to invest his wealth:
* loan it to Joe Plumber who promises to pay back at a later date + x% interest
* Buy and hoard a lot of BTC. If you want to multiply fractional reserves, then take a loan out against yourself and buy and hoard BTC.
Hoarding BTC carries risk, because you are betting on the future value of the currency. Hoarding however much your comfortable risking that way and then loaning out wealth to debtors in amounts you are comfortable risking that way makes a diverse portfolio.
It is a fair question if banks will *denominate* loans in BTC however, or allow you to denominate a loan in USD or EURO and then charge a currency conversion for each deposit or withdraw. In the latter case however, bank takes no risk on future value of BTC currency. Because once the market collapses, it will be easy to buy up a zillion BTC at pennies on the dollar to satisfy your BTC-denominated bank loan. ;D
@_date: 2012-12-21 00:40:24
ok, so it's like a pricing forum, or?
How/when/where should answers deviate from "Current price in USD / MtGox 24hr avg"?
@_date: 2012-08-17 18:10:24
.. and today it's 200% :J
At any rate, neither I nor parent posters are trying to argue that today's economic activity justifies today's price. What they've been trying to convey (and I happen to agree) is why near-term bubbles are meaningless to a long bull: we believe the day *will* come when economic activity in the bitcoin space justifies these and much higher prices per coin.
When that day comes, these same coins (or huge numbers of satoshis, or tiny percentages of the market cap, depending on your perspective) we are buying and selling now will be bouyed by that tide.
At the end of the day, I recommend — if not buying into a bubble, at least holding through them. Because the long bull means not every bubble will even burst. It is possible that right in the middle of a local over-valuation of coin, is precisely when some bank comes out to endorse bitcoin or precisely when some large institution buys in or some hot, new service launches and the economic justification interrupts the price bubble. Picking up the price and never letting it down again.
Those who sell on an obvious balloon like $15usd today might find themselves coin-poor if such an event carried the price up to $150 and beyond, never allowing the original air out of the bubble. :P
So the way *I* look at things, is I have faith in the system's long-term value, and I am fighting for my chance to control a percentage of the resources inherent to the system. On expensive days and bubbles, buying another micropercent of the market is really difficult, so my investment doesn't get me much coin. When bubbles burst, my investment can get me a load of coin.
Thus the "market cap" of my personal investment fluctuates wildly, but the volume of the resource I control never wanes. If (and I say *when*) it picks up, I'll have as big of a sail as I can manage to ride that wave. :)
And finally, my strategy should not be confused with hoarding. I also invest effort and research finding new ways to trade goods and services in coin, as every new, wholesome relationship in the economy strengthens the coin and hastens further adoption. So I am buying and selling coin for goods and services preferentially over fiat, but doing as much buying (converting fiat to coin) as I can reasonably afford and as little selling (coin to fiat) as I need to to free up fiat for emergencies or to test payment systems as they come along.
Put another way, I'm not waiting for my chance to sell coin back out in as big of a fiat payoff as I can, but I am working to improve the direct spending power of my coin to help hasten the marginalization of fiat completely. MtGox ticker is just a method to help measure the progress of such a goal; as well as determining my buy in price. :3
@_date: 2012-11-14 23:41:18
Meh, I'm not enough bothered by this to personally try every one of them or anything.
Why not post an .self article here asking peeps what VPN service they've had the best luck with? The one I hear the most positive juju about is [Mullvad]( but I personally signed up with [PrivateInternetAccess]( due to lower prices and supporting SOCKS4/5.
@_date: 2012-12-13 19:13:40
Yep, it is quite easy to encode large numbers as nonsense phrases of English (or other language) words. The advantage of doing so is that it becomes a lot easier for human beings to memorize a hunk of data that way.
[Here is an XKCD comic]( which describes the effect, and why random words make better passphrases than random gibberish. The same principal applies for how to express a short blat of random data, such as a bitcoin wallet seed. :3
But it isn't possible to decode such phrases back into the right chunk of data without using the same program that encoded it.
@_date: 2012-12-21 21:10:54
Bitcoin is digital cash. You can use it like paypal or western union, to send money instantly to anyone anywhere in the world, in small or large amounts. But because you never yield money to a middleman, you pay ludicrously low fees and fear no possible interference or chargebacks.
@_date: 2012-12-03 05:25:16
I'd pay up to 1% on the deposits, and keep driving business their way if they re-opened cash deposits and fixed ACH transfers.
I haven't tried bitme yet, but they don't have the volume (bitme does 4x less business than bitfloor today, even though bitme *has* cash deposits) and I've had lots of good relationship with bitfloor, personally. :3
@_date: 2012-10-09 22:02:10
Keep in mind, if it is possible for you to hook up to the US grid there may be more money available to you to sell excess power to the grid at retail rates than mining coin.
OTOH, when you're completely off-grid, mining coin is a perfectly legitimate way to transform excess power into money. If you have the capitol and enough watts to spare, you'd be in a unique position to profit from buying *real* equipment as well, to more efficiently convert those watts into kaching. :3
@_date: 2012-06-27 01:34:52
please elaborate
@_date: 2012-09-28 20:33:42
The advantage of escrow systems (which upcoming m-of-n signature support makes even more flexible and amazing) over bland "reversibility" is that escrow starts and stops when you, the transactor, decide that it should and it has the properties you choose it to have.
Use paypal, and people can send you money, get their goods, you do another 6 months of business when suddenly, one day, when you least expect it, your account gets emptied. Because Paypal always sides with the buyer, never investigates, and doesn't have a consistent statute of limitations on when people can ask for a chargeback.
Or paypal just up and freezes your account for no reason whatsofuckingever.  You know all the times an exchange gets hacked, or Pirate refuses to pay out? Paypal does that shit on a smaller scale every god damned day.
The bitcoin protocol, and m-of-n escrow, means never having to put your money under the control of another single person until you are satisfied the transaction is complete. And then the money completely and totally changes ownership to a single, new owner where no middlepeople can embezzle it.
@_date: 2012-05-21 21:24:31
While accurate, one must ask oneself: how many of my bitcoins have been laundered before I got them? :3
The blockchain can tell us where they've been, but not what they've been used for... :O
@_date: 2012-10-18 01:26:13
And [what would happen]( if everyone in a fractional reserve system tried to withdraw all of their funds at the same time? Would that cause a crash, or wouldn't it?
More importantly, what phenomena could lead to everyone trying to sell out of *any* system at the same time, other than a sudden and permanent drop in faith of the system? Short of an unfixable attack on the core protocol, what could do that to Bitcoin?
Every monetary system relies on popular faith in future value to continue operating. You aren't pointing much out to say that Bitcoin has the same foundation as USD or even precious metals, that if everyone wants to sell at the same time due to some outside factor the price nose-dives. And that problem doesn't even begin to be addressed by minting policies or by Fractional Reserve Banking either. 
@_date: 2012-09-04 21:16:01
My thoughts exactly. It is presently a hefty challenge for banks to transfer value between one another, which translates to use end users as ACH delays and international wire fees when dealing in USD currency.
If banks began to adopt Bitcoin as an arbitrary commodity which could change hands electronically with zero counterfeit risk and nearly zero liability to a third party to facilitate, account or notarize the transaction (nearly zero because you do want to pay the transaction fee) then they could eliminate these delays and end user fees.
Of course they would never pass savings like that along, but you get the idea. ;3
@_date: 2012-07-12 02:13:09
Bitcoin is perfectly suited for every manner of black market commerce and already widely used as such. Drug trade, Illegal weapons, I've heard tell of human trafficking. How would bringing a copyright infringer onboard be "pissing in the pool"? 8I
From a PR standpoint, that ship has already sailed. From a practical standpoint, big fucking deal. Less crime is financed with Bitcoin than with USD. Rising tide lifts all boats, and I have no problem doing my boring commerce in the same currency as others are doing even the most heinous crimes. It's as worthless to worry about as suffocating yourself for fear of breathing from the same atmosphere they are.
It's the wrong theater in which to fight them.
@_date: 2012-07-01 04:29:42
Spendbitcoins looks the awexomest, I am will tries them nao. Thanks! :D
EDIT: got my dollar. Had to wait for a ~12 hour manual review/batch cycle, so could be faster.  wins in my testing, so I guess it's all just a matter of who's the most trusted service which will continue operating without complaint for the longest now. ;3
@_date: 2012-07-17 00:20:38
You nut, we discussed Localbitcoins before. Nearest trader advertising there is ~200miles from me, so when I'm less lazy I'm going to try and talk one of the local pawn shops into the bidness. ;3
3-4 days ACH isn't the worst thing ever for my prospectus, but most options I know of have delays *in addition* to this.
For example, Mtgox-&gt;dwolla .. ew. SLL-&gt;Paypal has it's own 3 day delay before Paypal-&gt;ACH.
Are there markets with good reputation for emitting ACH directly without relying on dwolla or (expensive) international wire?
@_date: 2012-10-18 04:14:03
[Marmite is terrible]( T-T
@_date: 2012-09-11 01:46:08
In addition to my reply to getamd [here]( in the thread (specific to mining), you can sell physical goods on [BitMit]( They've got a decent Escrow system, which is a pretty short temporal trust relationship.
@_date: 2012-05-21 21:47:49
OTOH many of us work at companies and make purchasing and labor decisions, too. Heh, heh. ;3
I work for an ISP, and the atmosphere among our staff is relatively positive about bitcoin. But I'm not bringing anything up until I can present a solid business-case of some kind.
I like OP's idea, and I'm kicking around the idea of asking for a percentage of my salary in BTC now, as part of a larger business case to present. :3  Still plenty of missing ingredients, but this is a good step in the right direction.
@_date: 2012-08-21 21:17:32
Abuse the site? Meh, that shouldn't be necessary.
As long as your site has a "display all the listings in csv or kml format" option, then all the heavy lifting ought to be able to be done in the client's javascript. :3
@_date: 2012-10-06 00:10:51
The author was drawing a parallel where there's none to be drawn. Why would it be relevant that Bitcoin and SSL and the Stuxnet worm all share addition and subtraction as primitives?
@_date: 2012-12-16 04:36:00
How would you slow down the transaction capacity? Difficulty adjusts downward to meet lowered mining efforts, so the bus should still come by every 10 minutes.
@_date: 2012-12-24 23:03:41
I DO know what deep packet inspection and statistical analysis are, but I'm not familiar with what the Chinese government are specifically doing. I was under the impression they were suppressing Tor via no means other than blocking it's nodes directly. Can you elaborate a little please?
For example, can they tell what the content of an AES-256 datagram is without access to the private key? If they cannot, then do they block all AES-256 datagrams, or else how do they know which ones could be tunneling unauthorized traffic?
@_date: 2012-12-12 04:07:18
78% of the currency is not stagnated, though. That analysis has been debunked by several people since, due to not properly accounting for eWallets or for change addresses. All economic activity under both of those rather large umbrellas (as well as potentially other patterns unexplored) were unceremoniously lumped into the "hoarding" category.
What that report really shows, is that know-it-all analysists have a lot harder time actually tracking what the market is doing through the opaque addresses in a blockchain than they would like to think, and that all activity that you don't have a model for is indistinguishable from hoarding. ;3 
@_date: 2012-12-24 22:21:11


Well, this isn't a matter of pure chance, either. Not speaking on anyone else's behalf, but perhaps the Pizza seller knew enough about Bitcoin to decide it had a lot of room to grow, and that ~$41usd of pizza was worth the exchange for these experimental tokens of protocurrency. A (slightly) more fair comparison would be, why would anyone buy Apple stock in 1977? If anyone was close enough to the venture, and knew the industry well enough that they thought it would increase in value (Bullish/long) then it's their choice to risk buying that and find out if it appreciates over time. :3


This may have been so early it was before any official exchanges started. Mt. Gox opened in July 2010 for example, and they may have been the first official exchange. Trades were likely over the counter at the time, and that being the case the pizza guy could have been another trader. It would be a waste of time to make the pizza guy hand you cash you just hand back to him anyway, right? ;3


Reddit has a sub called which demonstrates people give away pizza for less all the time. As for the bitcoins, you have to start spending them for something just to establish and maintain a trade value or they'll never be worth anything. And back then, they were quite simple to mine with just a CPU, since so few people were doing it.
I hope that helps to shine some perspective on things, at least?
@_date: 2012-12-13 22:51:48
I can't use my debit card in Wyoming. Why would it suddenly start working in Holland? :O
In other news, it sure would be swell if trading FiatA-&gt;BTC here and then BTC-&gt;FiatB there had low fees.
Lower than airport tourist traps, yeabuddy that should be easy. Lower than bank debit cards? I don't know what they charge, but that competition must be stiffer. The one major drawback is that keeping all of those ATMs maintained and secure from physical attack has got to be a bear. People will need to deposit and withdraw some serious moolah through them. D:
@_date: 2012-12-22 11:02:01
Tinfoil hat, activate! &lt;:3
@_date: 2012-12-22 10:37:48
I agree with this analysis, additionally I do not believe =/= is actually used in any programming context whatever.
I think != or &lt;&gt; are superior because coding &gt; ascii art. :P
@_date: 2012-12-05 08:27:35
Don't forget the "disconnect from internet" step, etc if you're concerned that bitaddress *might* hold onto that private key at all. Don't forget saving the private key somewhere safe from malware and never lose it.
Don't forget the average user doesn't even know what a text file is.
The facebook generation is bad at both remembering anything important and keeping secrets, and both of those are required as soon as you start managing your own private keys, wallet software or not.
@_date: 2012-10-19 21:51:07
[Opportunity cost]( is the cost of any activity measured in terms of the value of the **next** best alternative forgone (that is not chosen). **Not** in terms of the expense to obtain the opportunity to begin with.
Compare early-adopter mining with being randomly given a check for a million dollars. While it's true there may be an irrational human desire not to assign value to an asset gained through sheer fortune, failure to do so does work against the party's best interest.
Ripping up a million dollar check with no strings attached out of spite is one million dollars lost, not compared to what it took to get the check but compared to the option of cashing it out and having a million dollars.
Dumping a million USD worth of Bitcoin onto the market at today's exchange rate as aggressively as possible, with no goal other than fighting as hard as you can against the panic-buy and depress the price to the best of your ability is several hundred thousand dollars poorer of a choice to make than simply easing your bitcoin sale over a longer period to maintain the highest returns per coin.
Especially if you're already invested in mining hardware which will keep generating bitcoin, thus you would be devaluing the future fruits of your investment.
@_date: 2012-05-21 21:40:45
Well, how about a portion of your wage in bitcoin? Mayhaps, 10%? :3
I think I would be up for trying that where I work. Just got to work out the logistics and figure out the best way to reduce currency conversion fees until the day comes when we're doing enough revenue in BTC that we stop having to convert that portion.
@_date: 2012-05-05 22:05:30
Another lemma is, even if power costs were to drop (or individual BTC value were to rise) to the point where individual satoshi's were comparable to kwh's of power, that very fact would make the currency insufficiently divisible. Increasing divisibility would lower the quanta, putting it out of range of energy costs once more.
I think there is no nash equilibrium at the quantum level: because, even come november, you won't be able to fill a block with satoshis and *ever* make enough money to fund power costs, amortized capital, labor and opportunity cost.
So the equilibrium can really never reach that, and thus any miner who accepts satoshi fees is by definition giving to charity; by trading their effort (and calling it "marginal effort" is disingenuous) for naught but the satoshi. This is the same reason hotels don't haggle prices for rooms down to the "penny" level when there are more rooms to spare than guests filling them. They would prefer rooms go unoccupied to underselling a certain "dignified" cost, and gaining cheapskate attention. Perceived dignity can be a powerful economic force when providers wish to "set a precident" and when they perceive a reward as paltry compared to the value they perceive in something that will, in fact, otherwise go completely to waste. Normally this paltriness threshold is related in some way to the average cost, instead of the marginal cost.
Thus, I predict that wherever the fee equilibrium will stabilize (if it will stabilize) will define the market price for transaction fees, and anyone accepting fees below that will represent a "weary wagon" cleaning the system of some cheapskate fees. 
@_date: 2012-09-04 01:01:23
I think you're sad because the blockchain allows the transparency so that you *can* see such movements of money. Same thing happens in USD and Denarius and Drachma, e'ery day, for thousands of years .. but most of it is invisible to the public.
With Bitcoin, the precise amount in circulation and the precise amount transferred from this inscrutable point to that inscrutable point is publicly broadcast and repeated in headlines day to day. Thus, even though the points are opaque, the attitude is that of vague transparency so people are more loose lipped with their quantities and their motives behind their pseudonyms. 
Sort of like looking beneath someone's skin while they're talking to you really. It's a bit icky, but not nearly as dysfunctional as it appears. You're used to seeing that ugliness veiled.
Nonetheless, there are plenty of startup and venture capitol sorts of things happening. There are people posting jobs and job offers on forums and irc and a [few]( [semi-formal]( [websites]( People are doing kickstarter-like things.
But investment via Bitcoin is a bit tricky. Pirate got so many investors and gets so many headlines today because he's allegedly got the best score in OTC's "Web of Trust" system of anybody there, and he's schmoozed the right high-rollers into believing he somehow has more to lose by *not* paying them off.
So the question is, why should somebody invest 5kBTC in some startup to spend a month deploying something they promise will give a return of some amazing new technology? How would things be arranged so that the investors will make returns on that, and ideally at least make back their 5kBTC? In the paranoid, identity-shy Bitcoin world; where's the security for that sort of project?
Now mind you that catch-22 is not the only obstacle, but it's the first one that comes to mind when you suggest this particular comparison. :&gt;
@_date: 2012-08-04 20:02:29
Yeah, I get the feeling that somebody sacrificed a fortune to hold the price below $9 for as long as they could, too. Quite the hockey-stick shaped graph after that apparent campaign failed, tho. 8I
@_date: 2012-12-13 12:53:26
I'unno, I figured they were like Scroogle, just sampling the Google results from an arbitrary location. :3
@_date: 2012-12-21 21:21:39
I just came out of a drawn out thread discussing ripple where it is made to sound like an IOU-currency just as stequald says that it is. Not that it's independantly priced like Bitcoin, but that it's a credit system and it's philosophy defines all currencies (including bitcoin, fiat, gold) as elaborate credit systems in similar veins.
Do you have alternate wisdom to share on the matter? There seems to be no central "This is what ripple is" article or video I can find. :(
@_date: 2012-12-17 07:45:46
I keep doing all of my exchanges on [VirWoX]( For one, I make money on Secondlife so I get to cash in that plus whatever USD I wish to in one batch. Two, I'm too lazy to ever get off my bum and test out [Bitme]( cash deposit option, which is supposed to be lighter on the fees. I guess I really haven't had the wealth to buy more than single digits of BTC in so long that the sliding scale fees just don't matter yet. ;D
@_date: 2012-11-15 01:16:25
I'm a bit worried on the buy-back or shareholder power of holding stock in an voluntary-only market, though.
Short of enforcing an ownership contract through the legal system (an arena where Bitcoin has not yet been defended) what keeps the business operator from dishonoring the value of the shares, and doing exactly what Nefario did?
@_date: 2012-12-10 15:03:30
Do you count blockchain.info as "installable lightweight wallet" or as "web wallet"? :3
It does all the work of an installable lightweight wallet, it's just written in Javascript. The decrypted wallet never crosses the wire or touches BCI servers.
@_date: 2012-09-28 23:16:58
RAM scanning may or may not be possible depending on how the OS is set up (and on whether or not the OS has been rooted thoroughly), but more likely is simply bitcoin application infection.
There exist only a handful of bitcoin applications, such as Bitcoin-qt, electrum, etc. Attacker releases malware which includes infected copies or patches to each of these. Malware patches your client, so that the normal auth happens (no matter what auth it is, even genome sequencing) and then just as the code decrypts the wallet file the attacker's ride-along code either broadcasts the secret keys to the attacker, or even inserts a spend request to empty your wallet.. right from your node! :P (possibly both, in case either of these approaches fail for any reason)
Keylogging and file locating/re-transmitting is moderately easier for Malware to do than custom infection paths, but only moderately. A cheaper method to raise security past the keyloggers than two factor would simply be using an on-screen keyboard. Client bitcoin app could offer one of those, or user could just decide to pull up the OS provided one.
@_date: 2012-12-25 00:00:15
Think of it as a very pretty piggybank. :D
@_date: 2012-10-15 06:45:53
Rats, I hadn't noticed that. :(
@_date: 2012-12-05 20:59:08
Keep in mind, this rig cannot reverse addresses into private keys. [That's just literally not possible]( What it can do is brute-force cracking of passwords against an encrypted file (such as a wallet file) on-hand.
This is useful if you have forgotten the password to your wallet file (which, naturally, you would have on-hand) or to an attacker if they gain your wallet file, but cannot keylog your password directly (2-factor, on-screen keyboard, etc).
Also, both of these projects would be hampered if you encrypt with a key-strengthening routine such as [PBKDF2]( :3
@_date: 2012-05-09 01:46:22
OTOH, congress *actually* determining value is a different beast from them assuming they do and acting accordingly.
Put in simpler terms, Kaspar is merely stating that Congress acts as tyrants instead of stewards — pre-occupied with their own relationship to influence in opposed to checks and balances which genuinely benefit the people they were elected to represent.
I can't be too hard on them, or on industry though. They are merely the winners of a game ill-designed to put power in the hands of the corrupt. I think that electing officials is flawed at it's base as officials have to balance their self interest with the interest of their constituency, tainting the pool. We would be better served by a deferral democracy in it's place.
@_date: 2012-09-18 15:25:21


Look, I am not able to grok what you are trying to propose. 
If the minting is centralized, then how is the "crypto-currency" decentralized? It sounds like you are saying that all of the GPU/FPGA/ASIC miners can hang up their caps, because the fed is going to fire up 20TH of number crunching power in Utah to run a proof of work algorithm. They are going to follow a fork of the bitcoin protocol, with only them mining, and collect reward-per-block and mathematically bless each transaction someone submits to them. They are going to eat a hoover dam worth of electricity to do it, and if they add more computers into the pool the difficulty goes up, they waste more power, and don't make an extra cent in minted currency.
But wait. That means if they pull machines out of the pool, their electricity costs fall and they make the same amount in rewards.
Thus, game theory says the difficulty falls to zero and network hashrate drops from 20TH/s to 0.0016H/s (they perform precisely 1 hash function per 10 minutes).
How do merchants know if a proposed transaction is genuine? They access the FedECash network to update their blockchain. Do they check the hash? They could. But all of the information comes from a single source, so why would that matter? The proof of work is meaningless because anyone can perform 1 hash per 10 minutes. So people demand they connect with SSL to the FedECash network, which is trivial so why not.
So your balances are kept at a supercomputer in Utah. Or, once it stopped needing to crunch numbers, it probably just relocated to a colo center in Washington. Transactions are submitted to Fed, and clear in 10 minutes. Anyone who wants to know if a transaction is genuine dials into the Fed and asks.
It has devolved into a standard bank account cursed with really slow clearing times and everyone's balance sheets are public and possibly pseudonymous. 
On the off chance you're waving your arms saying "no, no, the miners don't hang their hats and go home, they still mine! They offer a check and balance to the Fed!" then the question is raised "How them get paid, dawg?"
You misunderstand when I speak of gouging and manipulation. Why do you think I infer malice with these words? I don't. But you have to craft any system of governance carefully to prevent man dominating man to his own injury. 
As many followers do, I happen to think that Bitcoin is a mind-numbingly well balanced system of financial governance. It provides to a world of self-serving actors a powerful system of incentives to work in a manner which aligns them with the common goals of the system. It transmutes selfishness directly into a powerful form of altruism. The scope of this transformation is limited of course, but via that channel a huge swath of global economic problems are about to melt away, so I've certainly got nothing bad to say about it.
What I am contending is that there is no way for a single, large actor to "control" any similar system without every peculiar property of the system folding in on itself and canceling out into meaninglessness.
@_date: 2012-12-22 13:17:22
But then how does the glazier cash in on his IOU with the lawn-owner, assuming they don't know each other? If the middleman remains in the middle, then it is still just pairs of people.
@_date: 2012-04-29 23:38:06
Say, how come there's no option to sell bitcoins and receive our proceeds via paypal?
@_date: 2012-11-28 03:29:14
Interesting. I don't even think I'm level 3, but I've done a similar amount of volume over the past few months and of dozens of withdrawals I've done only 4-5 had the extra wait tacked on.
What is your SL account like then? They might lean a lot of their reputation calculation on the SL account, since that's their primary source of chargeback liability they have little control over. Mine is 8 years old with tons of marketplace activity and no ARs or financial conflicts I can ever recall.
I did also email them early on due to being flagged often by the Linden Risk API trying to deposit small amounts at in-world ATM (~$1,000L) and they posted a deposit exception for me thusly. I'm not sure if correspondence improves reputation or not. :3
@_date: 2012-12-09 01:15:31
Oh, xrandr, don't you see?
The knowledge has been inside you the whole time. :P
@_date: 2012-09-01 22:30:17
Maybe not amounts, but could you offer some percentages? Such as, you've successfully cashed out X% more than you invested over Y timeframe? It's sounding like, because you've left so much pruported interest on the books with pirate, you're not out of the woods anywhere near 7% per week. ;3
@_date: 2012-09-21 02:59:01
Hooray for reposting in reddit, where it's easier to reply to ye. :3


While an important issue to address, it's just as misleading to say "lots of fees" as it is to say "no fees". 
The real question is, do you trust Bitcoin enough to hold a balance in your wallet (paranoia unavoidably carries it's own cost), and does your money flow in both directions?
If you're both making money in bitcoins (selling on [Bitmit]( is a great example) and spending money in bitcoins (Bitmit again, or any accepting merchants, and coming very soon: [BitIntant debit card]( :D ) then you only have to pay those currency conversion fees when you have to adjust back and forth between your USD balance and your bitcoin balance.
The rest of the time, when you pay bitcoins you got via direct transaction, you are beyond the reach of currency conversion fees.


I don't recall bitcoin acceptance ever being higher than it is today? I mean, it's still stupidly low, of course. And low acceptance is a challenge. It translates directly into another cost in fact (backing an underdog is expensive. x3 )
The best advice I have here, is Ghandi's "Be the change you want to see in the world". New currencies face chicken and egg pressures. It will be a long time before Bitcoin can price compete against USD for boring commerce, just as using the Internet to do business was more expensive than a mail order catalogue in 1994.
But even today, Bitcoin has beachheads in exotic forms of commerce like international person to person transfers of wealth, controversial commerce like drugs and guns and money laundering and donating to wikileaks and gambling and tipping online strippers. While possible, it is so expensive to do these same things in USD that bitcoin's moderate expense wins out. As acceptance grows this moderate expense will diminish, uncovering new territories where Bitcoin pencils out for new merchants.
VISA and Paypal charging 5% or more off the top, and banks often piling even more fees on for orders to small merchants are an example here. With Bitfloor gone, my best exchanges run about 6% fees from end to end. As more players enter the scene and that price drops, we are bound to encounter a tipping point.
Believers like me see this process as inexorable. I went from your level of skepticism to doing hundreds of USD worth of business on bitmit, advertising on [localbitcoins.com]( (and I'm currently the only game for 200 miles around, lol), and getting my company to gear up to accept customer payments in coin and pay employees who wish it in coin as well.
Among the things that finally sold me, were that I put a small amount in my bitcoin wallet. And then I just watched over time as its value grew, faster than the gold or silver in my safe. Now I put a steady amount in with each paycheck, and have nearly double the value I've cumulatively added.
Could something make that facet of my savings just go \*poof\*? Yes, it could. Hacks similar to what happened to bitfloor, or bungling on my part or trying to do a trade and trusting the wrong party, hell even just [getting mugged]( . But as long as I have a clear line of site to 2 or more exits where I can transform that coin to USD at a good rate, and ACH back to my bank in less than 48 hours; then bitcoin failing me is *less* likely than many other kinds of disasters in my life which could use the extra oomph of all that earned interest.
It's also a nice feeling that virtually all of the dangers of losing bitcoin are tied to my personal accountability. *I* didn't keep the keys secure enough. *I* trusted the wrong party. *I* got mugged. You can lose any kind of asset through these kinds of misfortunes; so Bitcoin encourages above-average informational security discipline with farther-reaching benefits. *My* personal judgment on the core protocol finds it stronger than even [SSL encryption]( (and *my* judgement may also be proven wrong one day), so the likelihood of losing my wealth to a market-wide shock outside of my influence seems peacefully low.
So for me, there exists a use case even with few merchants and finicky exchanges and potentially high demands on personal security. Other people can make bank in other ways already, as well. It's just a matter of when or if you'll be ready to climb on board to share the ride with us. ;3
@_date: 2012-12-19 20:09:29
Mtgox autosell sounds like a nice feature and all, but as a merchant I would have the following concerns (or potentially things I'm just ignorant about):
* Can Mtgox ACH to my bank account, or else how'm I getting the fiat back out of it? I'm not touching Dwolla with a hundred foot cat5 cable.
* Can Mtgox automatically ACH them funds in batches, or am I manually accessing them each time I want to draft from my account? Remember, friends don't let friends keep funds at an exchange. Unless those friends are professional speculators who need the balance there to catch swings and know the risks involved. :P
* Bitpay handles generating a different address per order for you, displaying that address to customer, displaying terms and conditions and displaying a price to customer and locking that for 15 minutes, and emailing all parties involved a copy of the sales receipt without extra effort on behalf of merchant aside from mission-specific integration. I have seen people talk about Mtgox integration and merchant services before, so do they do the same, or?
@_date: 2012-10-20 01:02:00
You don't really get what I'm saying either. Nobody replying to you in this thread is actively advocating Iran climbing on-board. They are responding to your standard spiel about hoarding.


I'm not sure what you mean here? [Pareto built an entire economic principal stating the opposite](


Does this mean the Occupy Wall Street movement can fly a "mission accomplished" banner, and go home now?


There is no "rule of opportunity cost", it is only a measurement of the cost of seizing a given opportunity. Individuals can choose poorly, happens all the time and I'm not arguing that they don't. All I am arguing is that everyone in the world does not simultaneously jump off cliffs at the same time, regardless of how paranoid you are that their doing so might negatively impact your day.


Of course that occurs both in real estate and in Bitcoin, and in any commodity. But what would lead to everyone experiencing personal crises simultaneously, harming non-directly-related Bitcoin valuation so bad that it becomes a poor investment? Furthermore, how is Bitcoin distinct from any other commodity in this respect? Are all static investments poor? You have had some pretty negative things to say about both gold and real estate so far.
@_date: 2012-09-14 12:30:21
Aside from the "once you're centralized, any ledger will do" [well_met_sir mentions]( you inherit a critical mass problem in every alternate blockchain. How do you keep enough miners in to secure the system? How are they compensated?
How can you pay them better than they could get by mining bitcoin?
If you don't get enough miners to secure the transaction value, then what prevents some rogue miner from amassing enough compute power (maybe, just temporarily divert a large bitcoin mining operation) to 51% your small, new network and pull some quick, lucrative counterfeiting?
@_date: 2012-12-09 23:33:38
[Thanks for the great advice]( Jon.
@_date: 2012-09-22 04:47:46
Great. Now you've got my brain stuck on "What's the longest firstbits around right now?" and "How much [vanitymining]( will it take to make a longer one? x3
@_date: 2012-12-12 23:46:24


I don't get it; why would a larger max block size impact mining hardware?
I don't see block size as a mining bottleneck. Only one I know of is how many hashes per second you can perform, and to my knowledge GPUs, FPGAs and ASICs are able to hash bitcoin blocks orders of magnitude larger than current sizes with no loss in performance.
@_date: 2012-09-12 20:49:19
Don't forget to mention that "leaving money in an exchange" entails a magnified risk of loss (eg, bitfloor) over leaving money there for as short of a time.
@_date: 2012-10-13 00:00:25


I do worry about the "proselytizer effect" a bit, though. What you describe is the exact MO of Jehovah's Witnesses, too. The trouble is, it galvanizes a lot of undecided minds. There's the danger they'll remember Bitcoin as "something someone in the neighborhood tried to scam/spam them about".
You've mentioned before acting as a reliable OTC trader for just such accessibility circumstances. Perhaps you could word these like an IOU? "If you are brave enough to learn how to transfer the value on this note into your own wallet, such as blockchain.info wallet or any other you choose, then come back to me and I'll accept your Bitcoin and pay you USD at face value".
Then even the people sour to bitcoin walk away with $10 or $15 in sweet cash they understand (with this angle, $10 ought to be plenty, btw!) plus working, positive experiencing using the bitcoin tools. :D
@_date: 2012-12-21 00:37:19
It's not really possible to cut off internet in a region without severing *all* primary links within the region. Because if you only isolate the networks, so that local traffic still forwards around, then it only takes one meager link (such as a hidden, portable satellite data connection) to allow all locals to transact news and high priority data with the outside world.
That said, keeping an entire country of paranoid (not trusting one another) personal nodes and miners properly synced with the outside world only takes about a few hundred kbps of bridge connectivity at current transaction volumes. :P
@_date: 2012-09-26 08:06:08
Just to be sure, are you saying that the existence of chips hanging off the board bolsters this claim's legitimacy? ;3
@_date: 2012-07-13 09:41:35
Did you know on Silk Road you can sell off all your drugs for sweet, sweet bitcoin? xD
@_date: 2012-12-05 04:03:56
Bleah, really there are still barriers and risks. We're all busily working to diminish those below the levels where they're already at, but it's not quite fair to ignore them completely just yet. ;3
Barriers and risks include, but are not limited to:
* Challenging learning curve
* Heightened security awareness required (now malware can directly and permanently steal a users funds instead of just wasting their time..) 
* Software options still rough around the edges — and you tend to gain polish as you relinquish industrial-grade security. F/E, stable version of reference client offers the highest tier of personal security, yet still takes 10 hours minimum to download/verify blockchain just so that new users can begin using it. [BCI]( is the easiest option to use, but you trust the integrity of BCI not to capture the password you type, as well as browser-level attack surface area every time you use it. :/
* Relatively low merchant adoption, though this is growing beautifully.
* Significant hoops, fees delays, and aggravation for new users to figure out the ever-changing ecosystem of exchanges to convert BTC directly with national fiat.
@_date: 2012-07-14 22:05:31


Nope, the algorithm is designed to keep the twain completely decoupled.
More hashpower (eg, more miners performing more hashes) leads the network to increase difficulty, so that blocks continue to be produced every 10 minutes. Every block has a fixed reward (50btc until the upcoming halving ~December) so since the network keeps the rate at 50BTC every ten minutes, regardless of how much mining is happening, the supply inflation picture is pre-determined.
One could argue that the halving coming in December will reduce supply inflation and drive up prices, sure. One could also argue that a sudden exodus of less-efficient miners could increase worries of a 51% attack and dropping consumer confidence could drop the price.
Me, I've got popcorn and a comfy sofa. xD
@_date: 2012-05-10 00:12:34
Not bad .. but now I wonder what the security considerations to that are.
We are a rather paranoid group, and having a naked form of currency globally redeemable inside of a document hosted at a third party is a little bit like leaving cash in a locker a the gym. It's healthy to confirm there are no easy angles of attack where a corrupt employee or other eavesdropper could not wrestle control of your coins from you via the backup. :O
After all, file backup services like drive and dropbox were not designed with bitcoin wallets specifically in mind, like the initial wallet service was. ;3
@_date: 2012-07-19 23:44:21
Just consider all of the possible things that can drive the price up in the long term:
* New players, new buyers, new services and apps, new merchants offering goods for BTC. This includes every high profile and legitimate service in combination with every black market player who appreciates the ease and anonymity of the system. More trading raises the value of all coins equally.
* Butterfly Labs delivers on it's ASIC miners, increasing the hashrate and increasing how many Ghash of security the backbone of the network uses per watt of power
* Really any positive PR with legs (which most has).
Versus things that could drive the price down:
* Any negative PR with legs (most lacks this, see below points)
* Lots of people suddenly cashing out of BTC (which is a short term problem, if long term signals still look bullish then other people will take advantage of the low price to buy right back in)
* Pirate40's ponzi scheme finally crashing and burning (also short term, everyone with half a brain knows it will fail so that's just cleaning out the trash)
* Butterfly labs doesn't ship its ASIC miners as promised. T'would be a huge PR fiasco, but still just a short term problem.
* Mining reward halving in December puts miners out of work (esp if there are no ASICs) and hashrate drops enough to spawn back-end security worries. If BL delivers, then this becomes basically impossible. If they don't, someone else is bound to fill in the lucrative gap of improving mining technology pretty rapidly. BL is taking in pre-orders hand over fist, so the demand is there.
* More bitcoin-bearing services get hacked or hoodwinked or thieved. One imagines the ecosystem gets better at dealing with this sort of thing as time marches on. Mt Gox got hit this time last year, and that took bitcoin price out at the knees. Bitcoinica got hit earlier this year, we've learned to stop flinching. ;3
* A major, core-level failure of the bitcoin protocol. This is among the few possibilities which could really hurt us long-term, and over 3 years of continuous operation with a market cap now surpassing $100million USD the core of the protocol has never even been scratched. :P
@_date: 2012-12-21 21:15:31
However their capacity to "be able to" lend money they don't own will be limited by taker's willingness to accept proxy money.
Bitcoin lowers that willingness by stealing the thunder of proxy money. Why accept a receipt for bitcoin when it's never more convenient to pass around than the raw bitcoin is? Receipts make sense for gold or centrally held assets, but not for Bitcoin.
A reciept, as stequald put it, is an IOU for an asset held elsewhere. A bitcoin receipt requires you to trust in the future value of bitcoin, multiplied by your trust that the asset holder will accept your receipt to give you the relevant bitcoin (that the asset holder won't welch, *and* that the receipt is not counterfeit). In contrast, you could pass bitcoin anywhere you could pass a receipt, and divide any trust in any party out of the equation. The bitcoin is astronomically impossible to counterfeit and is easy to authenticate. Why would anyone acccept anything less in lieu of it?
@_date: 2012-12-24 23:56:51
Hai Steve,
Er, I would recommend you post this static address on the actual website somewhere and then link to that. Perhaps on the donate page right below the current BitPay link, and then link there when telling people the static donate address. I only suggest this insofar as making sure people know they are sending to an authorized bitcoin address, and that they aren't being tricked by some clever redditing conperson, eh? ;3
And while you're at it, you can also download your QR code from this handy website to display there for smartphone users:
Download and self-host &gt; crosslink of course, since the image will never need to change and that way you're neither worried about btc.to downtime nor them gaining traffic data from your page or being able to manipulate the image. (Yep, we are exactly that paranoid! xD)
Good luck sir, and thanks again for a helluva produkt. :D
@_date: 2012-09-12 20:55:48
Another option is to buy Second Life Linden Dollars (L$) at [secondlife.com]( using your credit card, use that virtual world to deposit L$ at [VirWoX]( trade the L$ for BTC.
In this setup, Linden Labs takes on the risk of chargeback and uses expensive, sophisticated anti-fraud methods to mitigate that risk, and the small currency exchange VirWoX protects itself behind that shield to offer exchange services.
It is also possible to use paypal or CC directly to VirWoX, but they still require you to exchange USD -&gt; L$ -&gt; BTC, the fees are a bit higher that way AND you'll get wasted change at both steps of the transaction. 
That is more steps than simply CC -&gt; BTC, but no leaving the house required and you can still have the BTC in your wallet within 2 hours. My testing on ~$50usd ran ~6% grand total of fees with this method (and some L$ change since VirWoX only trades integer BTC or USD, no fractions. :P)
@_date: 2012-09-21 20:42:06
Bit Pay already does this. On checkout, it locks in a rate that it promises to honor for any funds received in the next 15 minutes. :3
locking longer than that makes you liable to people trying to steal from you via arbitrage.
@_date: 2012-09-09 12:04:05
I was a Secondlife player ages before I ever heard of Bitcoin, so for me the CC (or paypal) -&gt; [Linden Labs L$]( -&gt; [VirWoX]( -&gt; BTC route is fast (a few hours), easy, relatively inexpensive (~6% grand total in fees and spreads) and can be done right from my compy.
@_date: 2012-12-26 12:43:26
Man, that would sure be inconvenient for people ordering, hoping an October (or 2012, or third millenia) delivery date, and then wound up having to move mailing addresses by the time BFL wises up. :P
@_date: 2012-12-18 20:44:50
True, but I would call that doubly indirect. ;3
Direct compensation: Here's money!
Indirect compensation: There's no money for you, but your life is made better in this selfish manner!
Doubly indirect: no money, no selfish gain, but the entire economy you are participating in is just a little bit brighter! :D
@_date: 2012-11-01 23:11:05
Win7 Home x64
@_date: 2012-11-15 21:28:38
[Ben Bernanke]( is the Chairman of the Federal Reserve. He is not in charge of printing bank notes, he is in charge of inflating the base money supply by lending into existence currency which did not previously exist. This currency starts it's life, and carries on a majority of it's life in digital form as simple bank balances.
OP uses the verb "print" for illustrative purposes only.
@_date: 2012-10-21 12:25:09
Have you ever thought that I might be reacting to your attitude? You do an awful lot of belittling, and I don't think that's something I've ever specifically done to you.
Also consider that not every person who replies to something you say will look back 4 posts to determine the context. You've got to keep your thesis with you in the discussion, or redditers are liable to improperly extrapolate your meaning. Because even if we do look back 4 posts, we're not going to know if you're still hewing to that track when you don't lead with it on new posts.
But mostly, please lay off belittling people or many of us are liable to become defensive by instinct. For example, if you honestly feel that Reddit has some systemic flaw which leads people to behave in a way which distresses you, by all means work from some other forum that doesn't have that flaw. Perhaps youtube comments, [I hear great things about those]( :P
@_date: 2012-08-22 23:08:46
Meh, give it time. It might be advisable to take a price hit to donate to the economy; when people can get things cheaper on bitmit it helps outweigh the lessened visibility.
But as always, if you want huge numbers of people somewhere it makes sense to start off by being one of them. :3
Whatcha selling, btw? Have any links?
Also, try sharing the links on to increase visibility.
@_date: 2012-09-20 00:29:04
I am not saying that bitcoins are impossible to secure or that Gold is impossible to lose. I am only saying that the disciplines required to secure them are quite different (keeping a secret differs from protecting a physical asset), and their areas of attack differ greatly as well.
@_date: 2012-09-17 23:09:08
I dunno.
Karma &lt; TP, but have an upvote anyhow. xD
@_date: 2012-09-21 01:47:20
On the other hand, I'm not sure how easy it would be to check a number of coins by hand equating to the weight of a bar this size.
How big is the largest coin which would be especially proof from counterfeiting, I wonder?
Will edge-designs help resist counterfeiting?
@_date: 2012-12-07 01:40:55
Ooh, good call. My Debian server is running 0.7.0, but it looks like one or more of my Windows machines is still on 0.6.3-beta. :O
But bleah, I'm not going to fuss with upgrading them until 0.8 goes live. :B
@_date: 2012-12-18 05:11:13
Nope, there's no process whereby non-mining nodes get directly compensated for anything.
The indirect compensation for being a full node, however, is 100% mathematical certainty that your blockchain is correct, and always perfectly up to date without relying on the fidelity of any other party. :3
@_date: 2012-11-06 03:53:48
zomg, 1BTCThief and 123456789 are some hefty (and real) vanity addresses, there. xD
@_date: 2012-10-11 22:21:43
I disagree. This is like saying that Hotels have to auction rooms, as there is some game-theorem argument optimizing against them *ever* having a vacancy.
Truth is that perceptual inertia is important (and may not be important to miners today, only because transaction fees are negligible at present volume compared to today's block reward). Hotels won't auction their rooms today (to the public, at any rate) or guests who would have been happy paying the flat rate will start trying to haggle the price tomorrow, leading to net loss in revenue.
By the same token, as the transaction volume grows and block reward shrinks, miners will begin needing to (and I think stand to profit today by starting right away..) set semi-arbitrary transaction fee thresholds. 
The nash equilibrium argument fails because "1 satoshi per transaction" cannot be a more profitable fee point than free transactions. Thus miners are forced to set themselves a dignity threshold, just as hotels do. "I won't take transactions less than X, because I've calculated that a full haul of transactions of X could not sustain me (or may not in the near future); and I must champion a precedent which will sustain me".
Every miner who decides to do that is turning away money, but by definition turning away money which would have represented an insult to their dignity anyway. It sounds like that won't slow anyone down, but once you make a block, every transaction you pan is waiting for another bus for an average of an extra 10 minutes.
When enough miners take a similar stand, the market will begin to form a prejudice where fees less than some threshold begin to introduce measurable delay risk to transactions. People who care about their transactions clearing in a timely fashion will thus have to work out what threshold is forming and try to keep above it. I predict such a pattern would snowball until a respectable number of miners have dug their heels in and require fees, and anyone intent on vacuuming up every micro-penny available may net more on average than their brethren; but they would never net so much as they are without the standards their brethren have set. :3
@_date: 2012-12-07 22:16:23
bitcointalk forums won't let me post, so..
The right way to do 2-of-3 escrow (yes, that is an instance of m-of-n escrow) is:
Buyer puts his funds into the escrow, separately pays fee to escrow agent.
The funds can only be unlocked if 2 out of 3 of the players (buyer, seller, escrow agent) sign the spending transaction.
That said, you can sign spending transactions that spend any way you want. All to seller, all refund to buyer, split between the two in any percentage you want, or 40% to wikileaks and 60% to every girl on stripcoin's frontpage if you want. The only trick is that whatever zany spend you want to do, 2 out of 3 of the players have to sign off on it.
That way, if transaction proceeds normally, buyer and seller release to seller and escrow agent gets an easy fee. If seller cannot complete transaction and is honest GGG about it, buyer and seller sign refund order. If there is a dispute, then both parties argue case and present evidence to Escrow Agent, who either sides with one (signing the transaction they want) or makes a judgment he can get at least one of them to agree to.
@_date: 2012-12-14 11:41:32
Yip, good read. :D +tip 0.02 BTC
@_date: 2012-04-30 17:36:47


Well, if your product is $10 usd then you still have to somehow advertise that it's X BTC, regardless of realtime BTC fluctuation, don'tcha?
Or does this service (and/or bitpay) offer "lock to USD" rates somehow? Like "Pay us X BTC at Y address in the next 5 minutes and we'll clear that as a $10 usd equivalent payment to the merchant"?  Without that, the customer might see a javascript advertised price of X BTC and by the time they fire up their bitcoin wallet and send the moneys that X BTC fluctuates down to an equivilant $7 usd. :P
@_date: 2012-12-12 18:10:37
A password with *anything* prefixed is more secure than the same password by itself. That's nothing but an advertisement for making your passwords longer. That has diminishing returns, so prefixing an email address (or "Doesn't have to be an e-mail address" was OP's exact words) is going to have a substitution effect on the rest of the password.
People who take this advice aren't going to prepend their email to an otherwise sufficient password. The fact such a password *is* otherwise sufficient would render the salt superfluous by definition. They are going to prepend it to an insufficient password (such as "password") or replace components of an otherwise sufficient password.
My position is they are apt to make that trade wastefully, losing significant entropy.
You say, for example "The work required to do this for passwords salted in the manner described here is multiplied by the number of email addresses to check". How many of those do you fancy there are? A few million tops? Many are on easily obtained spam lists. A few high priority ones can be trawled directly off of Bitcoin discussion forums and OTCs. But a search space of even few million email addresses only offers 20 bits of entropy, and as much typing as 3 English words which means you're replacing 35 bits.
Email addresses, like I mentioned above also suffer from frequency analysis. More people have "Tom" in their address than "Zechariah".
@_date: 2012-10-30 11:47:05
First answer posted. Pm me if you want this answer posted on SE to, once you've repeated your clarification there. ;3
I can't think of a way that merchants who already have the implicit trust of their buyers could use escrow in particular or multisig in general to assist in simple transactions. What they could still do to use this tool to enhance security would be to take advantage of Wallet Protection Service (WPS) backed cold storage.
This is a service a third party can provide the merchant to essentially escrow their cold wallet to resist against attackers either physically assailing them (busting into safe deposit boxes, installing hardware key loggers at cold terminals) or threatening or co-opting employees or even merchant directly with social exploits or blackmail.
WPS can also be used to lower investment in how traditionally secure cold wallet needs to be; or merchant could even dispense with their cold wallet altogether and rely solely on the low temperatures of one or two WPS servers' signing keys.
Merchant can use a 2-of-2 multisig wallet, where a single WPS provider has the second keyset. Merchant signs spend transactions from their erstwhile cold wallet, and sends those to WPS for second, final signature along with whatever proof-of-identity or proof-of-veracity WPS' policies require. Merchant could be afforded panic-words to gracefully delay or complicate the transaction in case they've been co-opted, lots of variation can be employed at this stage.
This is a lot like holding funds at a bank, where you then prove your identity to them with each transaction, except that at no point do you fully yield your funds to the WPS.
This model suffers from "what if WPS provider goes offline / misbehaves", for which it requires another contingency. They could provide Merchant their countersigning private keys in a secure location that would only be accessed in case of WPS failure, or they could continually regenerate and countersign an "emptying" transaction to another ultra-cold or multisig wallet, which Merchant can sign to release his funds in case of WPS failure. Again, many options present.
What might be even smoother for WPS would be 2-of-3 with 2 separate WPS providers. Then, you only need one of the WPS providers to be online for each spend, and either WPS provider can help you walk your funds out of reach of the other and into a new multisig arrangement as providers go offline.
@_date: 2012-08-30 04:45:15
... annnnd your comment [lead to]( somebody sending him ~$50 bux. :P
@_date: 2012-12-12 02:41:42
I'm going to vote against price upshoots making mining profitable again.
Any price upshoot is liable to quickly be consumed by new miners until the margins stabalize again over the electricity costs. :O
@_date: 2012-09-28 01:07:26
[Mmmm, tacos!]( :D
@_date: 2012-10-08 07:07:19
Sure it does. It allows Iranian banks to transfer back-end wealth to and from remote parties to settle debts in a fashion we believe is beyond the reach of NATO sanctions.
It's up to the people if they want to use Bitcoin to bypass Iranian inflation, and so long as they have personal sanctity and internet access the Finance minister cannot stop them. But the repressive Iranian regime can at least strengthen the value of their fiat and thus the value they gain by debasing it on their own terms by using Bitcoin to settle accounts remotely.
They probably won't like our volatility. It would also be a challenge for us, in that they need to move volumes of money far exceeding our present market cap, so if they jumped on board it would punch BTC costs up a decimal or two. It would also attract the full attention of NATO and the United States Fed for our little system to be used in this way, and they would likely exert pressure to attack us. Whether we are strong enough to resist that kind of pressure yet is up for debate. It's even conceivable NATO scrutiny could chase enough non-Iranians out of the network to leave the Iranian government in a position to fork the blockchain. ;P
I think this is the kind of problem Bitcoin was designed to solve, but the order is too large and politically charged for our established network presence to handle in a way current traders are going to appreciate. :(
@_date: 2012-12-02 04:50:26
lols what is you buying and/or selling, anyhowway? x3
@_date: 2012-10-13 08:29:41
It's probably also possible for people to divest the address they stored their promised money in if they feel things are going sour. ;3
@_date: 2012-10-14 23:09:36
:O How come for cash option say "Bit Instant", fees 3.99% with 7-11 and Wal-mart?
Issues: you're also paying a $3.95 flat fee at those places. When I deposit $50, that works out to 12% T-T
Why not also say "Bitfloor, 0.04%" for cash option?
Way cheaper and faster than the "Cheapest" option you lists.
Also, BitInstant deposits at bank is cheaper than 7-11 and Walmart, one disadvantage being banking hours. x3
@_date: 2012-10-03 20:41:27
Bitcoin is a notary service. Unmatched in it's field; it allows the blockchain to be continually notarized in a distributed, cheat-proof fashion which can be validated with a modest computer over a slow net connection with zero trust of any root authority.
Bitcoin balances can act as currency because they have a use value by way of being the only currency available to compensate miners for their work providing this notary service. Today that compensation comes from being the outlet of initial supply inflation, tomorrow it will come by way of transaction fees to ensure prompt service. This is similar to the USD having a use value of "paying your taxes" and "Government backs disputes and debts be tendered in USD".
The trick to combating the semantic nay-sayers is to go to the root of what Bitcoin incontrovertibly is (Unique, superbly balanced, decentralized Notary System) and work from there to defend it's utility and value in other arenas.
@_date: 2012-12-16 02:42:20
Thing I enjoy about Bitcoin number 586:
Breaking up large transactions into small ones is not a pain, neener neener neener. :9
In case anyone's fingertips are too gentle for the extra typing this would entail, you could just pay somebody to write a script for you which securely automates the process. Make the script open source to A&gt; allow other coiners to benefit from the coolness, and B&gt; allow other coiners and coders to crowd-audit the script for bugs or backdoors.
Compare this to any other payment system, not least of which given that Big Brother hates anything that lets regular people move funds in any obscure, consequently difficult to analyze fashion.
@_date: 2012-09-22 04:37:05
Rowan should post a donation address where gen'rous folk can chip directly into the "unfreeze all the lost accounts" fund. I'd thro in a bick. :3
@_date: 2012-08-25 07:32:39
I think that the author was trying to draw in both advocates and naysayers alike. The title and first page are geared towards the naysayers, and then the real information is all tucked behind the "next page" marker that bitcoin detracters are likely too dense to know that they can read beyond it. ;3
@_date: 2012-12-12 13:29:41
I think OP was also referring to the added convenience of just pressing a thumb instead of dexterously pressing a thumb dozens of times. ;3
@_date: 2012-12-27 18:16:01
The Dollhouse is even fresher in my mind. Spooky stuff, that. :J
@_date: 2012-12-12 23:47:59
On the other hand, if a majority of major Bitcoin operators change protocols, it would be in the best interests of all other parties to do so as well, or they would not be able to make use of their hard-earned funds. :B
@_date: 2012-06-22 13:34:14
Yip, I just tried it at Wal-mart.
You'll pay 12% on amounts like $50usd.
@_date: 2012-05-21 21:53:26
What if you could get a percentage of your salary in BTC? (damn, I'm going to reply to every comment with this now, aren't I xD)
@_date: 2012-09-22 00:29:34
Just off the top of my head, Bitcoin is impossible to counterfeit and trivial to confirm. [Precious metals are expensive to verify with confidence](
@_date: 2012-10-10 21:01:47
Well, bitcoin does not deflate against aggregate prices, it remains constant (after considering mined coins). 
Some coins get lost (lost/corrupted wallet files, hermit wallet owners passing away, etc), and one could go so far as to call that deflationary, but I'm fairly certain that isn't done on as grand of a scale as contemporary fiat inflation.
@_date: 2012-09-28 20:26:41
I ran a test sell a couple of days ago, your question reminded me to make sure the ACH cleared and it did. :3
@_date: 2012-07-18 02:20:36
Black market, mainly.
Bitcoin allows individuals to transact in a way no currency ever has before. 
Cash allows two people who do not trust one another to hand over notes and reliably exchange value. Cash is challenging to fake via counterfeiting. Cash is as easy to secure as any other physical commodity.
Bitcoin does all this, but online and without requiring a trusted intermediary of any kind. It also allows you to secure and store value (against the backdrop of the spot price, just like any precious metal) in the realm of digital information instead of the physical realm. So nerds can put wealth on a keyfob, smart phone, cloud storage, paper or brain wallet they would have otherwise required a safe for.
Finally, bitcoin is pretty simple to launder.
This is all valuable to the black market, so they are willing to invest heavily in the commodity in order to secure their transactions. Their investment props up the value per-coin for everyone else, giving us all the time we need to put some legs under legitimate uses for the same system. :B
@_date: 2012-08-24 23:28:42
I tried this howto last week. It's out of date: the electrum sources now patch against bitcoin-0.6.2 (even though 0.6.3 is the latest), and if you get those sources and follow the same patch instructions the build just breaks.
I'm waiting to see if Multibit will support encrypted wallets in the next month or so, and then I'll give their server a try.
@_date: 2012-08-19 21:47:18
Banks, one of the cheapest ways to put USD into the exchange markets in the United States.
I noticed this, which is why I am glad I've researched as many ways to move money as possible. I am moving funds through Virwox and buying BTC on the cheap. Because of the challenge folks have buying, I think we'll see a buy wash tomorrow as the banks open, growing the price back up by at least a dollar or two, making this the local minimum. :D
@_date: 2012-09-17 10:41:01
He could be. And then the question would be "I wonder how much more money the attacker would make mining bitcoins with the remaining CPU power of that botnet instead".
Unlike real people, botnet operators don't pay for electricity, so they wring more profit from a CPU than you or I would.
@_date: 2012-04-30 18:54:59
So I've noticed too. I wonder if [blockexplorer.com]( might have something similar then. :J
@_date: 2012-12-22 01:10:00


I wouldn't necessarily say "clear". We do have to be careful not to assume all actors function with perfect rationality. White collar crime does still happen, which means that when people either just get cocky, full of themselves, stop properly gauging the risk, or pressured by circumstance (you can have as many gadgets as you like and still owe your bookie more than you can afford) they can turn to crime from a comfortable middle class lifestyle with little transition.
Additionally, OP's questions focus on some easy to imagine scenarios. But the grand enabling scheme is one which could allow states to oppress their citizens, feudal mafias to improve how efficiently they commit organized crime, etc as well. Knowing how to fine tune a system or a community to extract maximal benefit while allowing negative consequences to interefere with one another or cancel themselves out is quite beneficial.
@_date: 2012-08-02 02:42:57


Can you report any specific attack vectors they've nabbed you with?
Did they get active/unencrypted wallet files on an unattended system, or lay dormant with a key logger on a system in use?
The latter vector would be problematic for my "wallet on a usb key, only plug in when transacting" security model. ;3
@_date: 2012-08-19 03:29:40
.. through the mail. :3
OTC is a lot harder to track, though. 
@_date: 2012-08-10 11:50:34
Could OP contact the miners and ask for some of his fees back? I mean, it couldn't hurt and they *might* be generous enough to get at least some of his moneys back. :3
IP: 173.224.112.190
Whois says that surrounding /20 block is managed by Sascha Wintz, s.wintz +1-314-480-6840. So OP could contact them and have them pass a plea onto that IP holder on OPs behalf.
Again, it's a longshot but $300+usd would be worthwhile to take a shot at retrieving, methinks. :B  Could be worth $300 or more for PR for the miners, depending on their day jobs too. Miners are invested in the fidelity of the payment network too, after all.
@_date: 2012-07-29 02:00:35


Noice. So what do you trade? x3
I am personally interested in there being more trade opportunities for BTC. I've advertised on [localbitcoins]( for both buy and sell, but I'm the only one within 200 miles from my location who does so (contacted the two sellers ~126 miles when I was in that area, both deals fell through).
I've browsed through several OTC networks including bitmit,  .. it's really tough to get something going due to trying to find that confluence between 1&gt; need/desire for product, 2&gt; simplicity in transaction and 3&gt; trust that the transaction can complete successfully and safely that wouldn't be served an order of magnitude or two better with a fiat currency. :/
Some more meatspace opportunities would really hit the spot. Esp a place who will buy bitcoin from me for cash w/ X% fee; they could f/e use bitpay (and roll bitpay's fee into their fee) and get the fiat incl profit into their bank account via ACH a few days later. I'd be paying for the speed and convenience, in case I run into a financial problem I'd have a decent option to rapidly liquidate bitcoin. Would help lend confidence to using BTC as a long term savings vehicle. :3
@_date: 2012-09-06 23:45:45


No, that's understandable. But any LiveCD distribution you would want to use for this purpose would just completely lack all network drivers by design. Furthermore, the user would be advised to pull all network cables and disable all wireless (usually fn-F2 or fn-F12 on a laptop) before booting to this LiveCD for an extra layer of protection. :3
@_date: 2012-09-26 08:12:39


When I worked with pre-fab electronics they called such "ugly parts".
I am at a loss how customers pre-ordering BFL products would have any reaction other than positive at seeing an ugly part prototype performing at anywhere 20% or above advertised performance, just to prove the product is coalescing. :P
@_date: 2012-08-31 13:27:52
the "decimal" step isn't strictly necessary, of course. x3
@_date: 2012-07-14 21:57:09
I assume he made a mining contract with pyramining. He pays them $X to guarantee him the proceeds from Y gigahashes of mining work, and they pay him back the dividends. Over time they should pay him back more than $X, which would make it a successful investment.
Warning to all investors: investments can fail. When you give someone money, and have faith that their venture will succeed and pay you back more than you gave, you always risk the venture failing and never getting back as much as you put in (or sometimes getting zilch back).
This is not a flaw in Bitcoin, but in investment expectation. I like investment because it's not a zero sum game (and unlike gambling or MLM, which are negative-sum games viewed strictly from a financial standpoint). Good investment is a positive sum game. Where more money is made on average than lost, because you are converting work and technology and good efforts into value which is then denominated as money.
But there will still be some losses. I think you just need to be more careful who you trust with your money and what collateral you can secure in case of failure. 
@_date: 2012-12-17 21:35:33
I'm pretty sure he's including the conversion fees back to fiat.
@_date: 2012-10-02 06:55:42
Most recent advice I heard (non-US) was: buy a VISA money card ($50 mebe?) and sell it face value on [BitMit](
[Here's recently completed transactions]( if you want to get pricing and listing details right. :3
@_date: 2012-10-11 16:22:54
@_date: 2012-08-11 01:28:46
Additionally, porn merchants have zero worry about chargebacks. It's *hard* (and *expensive*) to get payment processors to accept adult business, because of how many customers in that industry charge back either for simple fraud or to backpedal once their SO sees the CC statement.
Accepting bitcoin eliminates that problem entirely. :P
@_date: 2012-05-05 21:41:19
If I paid $X,000 for hardware, then once transaction fees start making up a big enough chunk of reward incentive why would I sell my badly depreciated hardware when I could power it down and wait for the rewards to build back up to my tolerance threshold?
A mining rig is, in essence, a money-making machine. It converts electrical power into money. Electrical power costs $X/kwh, and your machine converts that reliably into Y Mhashes. Running at Y Mhashes for Z hours gives a constant probability of finding a block with Q reward.
Today the reward, Q, is dominated by the 50BTC bounty and transaction fees are minimal. If any force in the future drives those transaction fees up to be a significant portion of Q, then it benefits the miners to shut off their gear (drop power consumption and cost to zero) and wait patiently for the unclaimed transaction fees to build a to a head (surpassing that miner's preferred threshold; often in the space of under 10 minutes) and then power back up.
Whenever the bounty varies (due to any unknown variables) you are literally running your gear at a loss for any specific second where the rewards of a block are less than the power requirements of running your gear for the average amount of time it would take to mint that block, and at a profit for any second where the potential rewards are greater.
@_date: 2012-12-25 00:11:08
I are confuse, I don't know who you are alleging is making that implication?
@_date: 2012-04-30 17:17:02
This all looks well worth researching, thank you sir. :3
@_date: 2012-09-26 22:25:06


But that would only be par with measuring the availability of a merchant's point of sale terminal.
You run your node so who cares if it goes offline? The network is always online.
@_date: 2012-07-08 00:23:08
That's fine for tumbling coins and all, but not relevant to simply "measuring global transaction volumes". The transaction still hits the blockchain, still factors into Bitcoin Days Destroyed, so it's still in the measurement radar.
jerguismi's was implying that OTC somehow did not contribute to global transaction volume measurements. That would only be true if OTC were avoiding the blockchain entirely by trading physical wallets or by keeping middleman accounts.
@_date: 2012-12-24 23:37:36
Well, these all sound like some very clever specific-case attacks. But it's nowhere near a decisive victory. One of the advantages to using an anonymous, online payment system to secure private VPN access is that you don't have to leave ports open to the public which Chinese government could dial-back to confirm what it's for. Even if they spoof your source IP, the payload can be made to traverse a plausibly deniable encrypted channel (similar to truecrypt's hidden volume feature) which simply isn't offered without the correct handshake from end-user's private key.
Traffic volume analysis and timing attacks are a bitch to work around for everyday traffic for sure, you sacrifice end-user convenience by shaping payload traffic to match innocent-seeming traffic patterns. But it is possible. In comparison, Bitcoin itself should prove to be embarrassingly easy to stenograph into the country due to it's presently low bandwidth requirements and massively decentralized nature (one in-link can redistribute updates to a diverse region with no bandwidth amplification or authentication challenges)
All the above approaches of course beg for the correct software to be written, but the principals are sound. That's one of the things I personally love about cryptography: it allows clever minds in the public to stand toe to toe against corporations and governments to keep an even playing field in some of the most important elements in life. Such as communications, and now thanks to Bitcoin, Finance. :3
@_date: 2012-11-09 06:40:02
Well, I gave you a shout-out from my FA. Asking my artist friends if they want in on this action.
Cuz, you know, I mean. Dayum. You need some artists all up ins, or sumthin. xD
I maintain my opinion that a bitcoin crowdfunding site for upcoming arts, like comics and large projects would have more promising dynamics than simply trying to sell canned content. But I'll watch your project and take notes while I scheme on this idea over heer. ;3
@_date: 2012-11-10 02:15:27
Alright, but I just mean.. I looked at the faq and I don't think I understand how it's supposed to work on a basic level.
You get, like a satoshi for placing/altering a block? And.. you claim land somehow? And payouts at 0.01 BTC, which is a million satoshi.. do I have to place a million blocks on the land I've claimed in order to get my first ~0.11c USD payout? And where does this money all come from that gets paid to me?
Let me know if I'm just being dense or missing an obvious explanation somewhere, I am researching a zillion new BTC things thanks to the Friday deals. :D
@_date: 2012-12-10 15:04:31
Another way to look at it is, everyone must choose to submit themselves to either 3rd party liability or 1st party liability.
For new users, that 1st party is by definition quite inexperienced.
@_date: 2012-09-11 23:37:08
Article is troll. Not a thing to see here, nobody to educate, no comments section. Article literally could not have been written this badly except by some person who actually crafted it to rustle jimmies.
@_date: 2012-12-16 02:08:56
Or a bitcoin refund address. That's the perfect anonymity approach.
@_date: 2012-12-16 04:44:21
Crikey! :O
If I might advise, just remember to edit the main article to say you're shutting off the faucet once you're done making it rain, should help prevent that feeding hand getting bit. ;3
@_date: 2012-12-22 12:33:45
I'd really like to see an example of "risk distribution" illustrated for Bitcoin, instead of for a farmer. The challenge I perceive for such an effort in Bitcoin is that you would need very deep adoption before you would have enough "neighbors" (people you can really, really trust) also using bitcoin to be able to bail you out of a jam on good faith alone.
@_date: 2012-11-08 22:47:28
Interesting to see it launched now, what marketing angles are you trying?
Advertising on DA/FA/weasyl will net you plenty of Bitcoin haters, advertising on and bitcointalk will net you plenty of Furry haters. x3
Talk seems pozi so far on [the link, tho. Huzzah! :D
There are also lots of furry communities on [Secondlife]( Secondlife users can make the easiest use of [VirWoX]( exchange to trade Lindens for Bitcoin, as well. Have you tried any marketing angles, here?
@_date: 2012-12-17 12:09:52
[VirWoX]( will accept Visa and Paypal. :3
They are fundamentally an exchange clearinghouse for the [Secondlife]( currency Linden Dollars (SLL or L$), so you will need to sign up for a free account on Secondlife. You'll use the VirWoX website to deposit a USD balance, trade that to SLL, and then trade that to BTC. When you withdraw your BTC, new users often face withdrawal limits and up to 48 hour delay on withdrawal for manual processing. It's not a bad idea to just email them (support ahead of time, introduce yourself, and explore having the withdrawal limits raised to make your life easier.
For me, all this extra stuff is easier since I normally deal in SSL to begin with and Secondlife is old hat to me.
Good luck, and welcome to the community! :D
@_date: 2012-05-09 23:08:16
I see lots of mentions of blockchain.info's wallet service in this thread. I must disclaim I've never used it myself, but keep in mind [just nine days ago they were down for a day or more]( So now is the right time to carefully study how to back up your wallet (and keep it backed up .. bitcoin wallets evolve as they are used!) in case they go back down again just as you need them. :O
That's not necessarily a black mark against blockchain.info, mind you. Just a reminder that any service could magically disappear or suffer irretrievable data corruption, and when it comes to your moneys it's good to hedge your bets. :3
@_date: 2012-12-29 13:10:29
1. v0.8 is not out yet. The most recent test build I've tried still crashes, for example and some people have reported corrupted wallet files from the December test builds.
2. The blockchain currently weighs 4.5GB. At 10mbit, which is a reasonably average expectation these days, that would take an hour to download. However, v0.8 test builds still takes 3.8 hours to complete with 100mbit available connecting to a single server from a quad core 3.3Ghz athalon and a 7200RPM 1TB disk. Faster computers with faster disks fair better, but Bitcoin newbies are unlikely to have optimized these specific factors. Many of them will in fact be wielding Wal-mart laptops.
I think these are all very important factors to be cognizant of.
@_date: 2012-10-16 20:09:35
That doesn't mean the wallet can't offer such a feature. Something like merchant makes payment request with their pki, client has algo which automatically authorizes the request and releases the funds. Algo could be "no more than Xbtc/time period", or "always exactly Xbtc/time period" or "why wait for request? Just send them Xbtc/time period" or "email/text/prompt user and ask what they want to do".
Algo or User authorizes payment. Merchant can't even tell the difference between manually and automatically authorized payments aside from delays, they just get the moneys and user remains constantly in control over how they wish their money to be disposed. User can change or revoke their auto-pay settings at any time. All are happeh. :D
@_date: 2012-05-20 07:47:22
Sounds like that to me.
My question, why only 15 subscriber nao? (I are one of thems :P)
@_date: 2012-11-04 07:20:35
Soz, I was just excited to try my new Jalepeno. I didn't leave it on too long, I've got to do some tweaking and it's late now. I didn't realize I'd upset anybody's charts over it, dang. xD
I keed, but 3GH isn't that much, is it?
@_date: 2012-08-24 00:27:07
I've never done business with CryptoXchange myself, and never heard of "Mister Bitcoins" before. :O
I have used [BitInstant]( to make a Cash Deposit to MtGox (it was expensive .. I think for the convenience of location and hours of operation) successfully, and i've done tons of trades via Cash Deposit in and ACH out on [Bitfloor]( (Cheap and fast and perfect!)
I've traded Linden Dollars L$ on [The Rock]( (volumes are so low it's almost not worth it though) and [ViRWox]( (much better volume, but can only trade integer bitcoins .. but apparently they take paypal and cc USD now as well?)
I've also cashed out ACH with a test merchant account through [Bit-pay]( but they really are optimized for merchants and not for personal cash movements. And I've cashed out directly to Paypal a number of times with [FastCash4Bicoins]( ($20 minimum, payment directed to email address of your choice).
I've done bitcoin trades (one successful sale, one successful purchase, one unsuccessful purchase amicably handled and protected by the in-house escrow) at [Bitmit](
Off the top of my head, these are the only services I can personally vouch for. But them's my experiences. :3
@_date: 2012-12-13 19:31:25
[Even better example](
Vuce is correct. In the astronomically unlikely event that any two distinct bits of input data in the world have ever hashed to a colliding value, we'd basically never know due to the overwhelming likelihood that the hashes never get compared together; or that if they do it leads to some system glitch/error that gets dimissed as faulty hardware and never encountered again.
But I have never heard about any person reporting on finding an SHA-256 collision (or even an SHA-1 collision), and I'm not really sure about a good set of keywords to google to find out more thoroughly either. :S
@_date: 2012-11-15 03:17:02
What am I looking at? It closely resembles a blog article containing only a photoshopped screen grab with an old man in it and a bitcoin logo.
@_date: 2012-12-21 21:27:53
Kremlin? Rilly?
I don't know Max from Adam, but the few times I've crossed paths with his articles or videos I have always found them refreshing and well researched. :/
@_date: 2012-05-12 01:13:03
Then what POS solutions would you recommend?
People will still need to walk into stores and pay money for goods, ideally without waiting around 10 or 60 minutes so that the statistical probability that the person standing across the counter isn't doing a complicated double-spend to get a free stick of gum drops closer to zero.
So what do you think people should do in that case? Standard credit cards? fiat cash? physical bitcoins / QR code wallets? 
Zipconf is an escrow service which can leverage the reputation it maintains in order to allow the transaction to close instantaneously. It's no different from an insurance provider in that aspect. It's not a bank, it doesn't hold your wallet nor can it print new coins to tilt the market, so Zipconf + bitcoin is still heavily advantageous over the current banking infrastructure.
The "feature" of no PoS in Satoshi's work only refers to the bare protocol. The bare protocol is not necessarily appropriate for every use case, sometimes you layer on top of that. Doing so does not desecrate the holy bitcoin, because bitcoin's benefits can still be realized through many kinds of services one can layer on top of that.
@_date: 2012-12-09 01:20:31
You know what else was a worry for Tax Administrators when it was still a young, burgeoning technology?
Interstate commerce via the Internet.
How many of you today pay sales tax on Internet purchases?
Thot so.
@_date: 2012-11-07 10:33:38
Best way to counter fraud would be if folks could rely on an escrow system. Then they'd be protected both from potential bad-actor sellers, and from credid card/paypal chargeback fraud.
Steven, ideas?
@_date: 2012-09-12 23:09:48
The same way you do anything anonymously. Tor. x3
@_date: 2012-12-12 13:51:10
Aside from privacy implications, another reason change from an address is spent is because, under the hood Bitcoin does not deal in balances per address, but unspent-inputs per address.
When you only want to spend part of an unspent-input, the remainder has to get spent too. So some goes to a change address you control (optionally even the same address, if you just don't give any fucks about privacy, or use blockchain's wallet on default settings ;D) and any unspecified remainder gets collected by miners as txn fee. So when you craft your own spends, like some offline wallets make you do, always always account for every satoshi of the inputs you re-assign, or you'll wind up donating a lot in txn fees! D:
IIUC, you do not have to empty an address into new outputs on every spend, you only have to empty the unspent inputs you're breaking open. So say 1BTC gets paid to address A, then 1BTC more, and you want to send 0.5BTC to address B.. you can craft a transaction which only directs 0.5BTC to B, 0.49 BTC back to A and 0.01BTC left to miners by cracking open only the first unspent input.
@_date: 2012-09-12 23:04:26
No problem by me, so long as they don't know about *all* my sneaky backups. :J
@_date: 2012-08-05 20:18:39
I think this insight helps answer my question actually, thanks. :D
I was worried the entire network would shut on and off almost like a light, because I incorrectly assumed a relatively inelastic electricity cost (and a relatively inelastic kwh/mhash conversion rate for that matter; this being the days before FPGA and ASIC really became players).
But your supposition that different electricity costs and conversion rates (put simply, different Mhash/s costs) will make some players shut their rigs off for less than a minute, some stay on 24/7, some shut off for 9 minutes, and some unfortunate, CPU-mining souls stay off for 20 minutes at a time (only turning on for hard-to-find, thus lucrative treasure-blocks, lol!) just turns a strobe light into a gentle heart-beat. :D
@_date: 2012-08-05 23:33:10
I'm confused by two points, watching that Fisch video.
1&gt; Would not Fisch be fooled by a coin that is *too* heavy?
2&gt; Why cannot someone gold-plate a disk of metal that is just alloys of several other cheap metals which perfectly match the density of gold? Perhaps Tungsten + (naive look at periodic table) Mercury or Thallium.
3&gt; Of course Fisch won't help you certify bars or ingots, only printed coins or standardized bars. :P
@_date: 2012-12-19 02:06:05
Blocks are the only place new coins are generated, but new coins are not the only reason blocks are generated. They are only a temporary incentive for miners to create blocks. As network volume increases, transaction fees should completely supplant newly minted coins as the primary reward for mining.
Blocks are normally created more frequently than once per hour. The average is 6 blocks per hour, or one every 10 minutes. Though infrequently, we can get up to an hour or longer delay between blocks.
@_date: 2012-09-28 22:32:37
problem is two factor auth cannot protect you against local malware. Reason being the local computer is the one performing the auth. Malware infects your box, it's best attack vector would be to infect your wallet software, so that you're just authenticating to it. Malware says "Thanks", decrypts your wallet file and spends all ya coins. :(
@_date: 2012-10-05 01:13:59
bitcoin-qt's inefficient database handling means it tears apart SSDs. Thousands of writes per second while verifying a block, bro. :(
@_date: 2012-12-23 15:37:11
The shipping is the cost of an expensive T-shirt. so "0.01BTC each" is nothing but misleading advertising. Sounds classy.
@_date: 2012-08-20 02:39:03
I'm worried when people forget things of that caliber! lol xD
@_date: 2012-11-05 05:52:11
I don't know, I still think it has a better chance of success than "give obscure money or cannot download", lols. x3
@_date: 2012-12-01 06:38:12


Well, again, I don't mean to say that they already do. The naive assumption is that they don't, assuming nobody ever though of that opportunity before. But my hypothesis is that it's a minor tweak in behavior which could have really positive consequences. :3


More or less, yes. But if you assume a protocol where all transactions on the short thread die, then all those transactions get reversed whether buyer and seller intends that or not. Buyer then has to make extra effort to resend the transaction, and let's be honest, thousands of buyers with no forethought can simply abstain and get their previously shipped goods for free. ;3
In that naive protocol, which I assume is currently in effect, anyone can still double spend between the chains given only connectivity to both chains before the netjoin. Of course Good Guys^TM with the same power can rejoin the chains pretty frequently too, just by sneakernetting the raw chains between the networks, helping to checkpoint the split and keep things from getting out of hand to begin with. Thus, any split of real significance means it's hard for *anyone* to reach both chains during the split, meaning it's also hard to do any pre-meditated double spending.
My proposed change to protocol would wipe out all the lazy chargebacks. All the spends done on the short chain (save the fruit of counterfeiting performed by any possible premed fraud straddling the divide) are guaranteed to have sufficient funds on the long chain, since there's no other way to spend the funds there. Since the netsplit could not be sustained without preventing almost everyone from having access to the opposing chain, that means virtually every transaction is kept honorable after rejoin and the ones we can't protect are a drop in the shit bucket compared to how much drama would occur without breaking open the short chain txns ;3
@_date: 2012-10-12 01:44:13
Because conflicts will arise. Simple as that.
Force is the last line of defense to settle conflicts, and every manner of bureaucracy invented by man is at best a political technology designed to forego conflict in as many permutations as possible in favor of peaceful resolution.
Bitcoin itself is even a step upon that technological ladder, providing a uniquely indisputable way of demonstrating that a certain virtual balance has been redirected by an individual in possession of a certain secret key to the holder of an alleged new secret key.
In human history, anarchy has always devolved into dominant power forming into gravity wells. Contemporary government is simply the least damaging shape of said gravity wells we have thus far perfected.
@_date: 2012-10-23 22:10:18
Yes please? x3
Really, I guess I'd be interested to know more about the details of how such an approach would work. I've read Casascius' reply to you, but this sounds as though a generator to the final private key would be hidden inside the coin, while the other generator would be held by the first coin purchaser, who would then need to remember their half of the generator and pass it along with the coin.
Would there be a way for purchaser to also print their "share" of private key onto coin? To me it sounds like that act would complete the artifact; one item with a tamper evident section of private key, where only printer knows the part under seal and only purchaser and successive viewers of coin know other other part, printed plainly on the coin. :3
Also, Split keys + Casascius came up in [my later question about m-of-n transactions]( in this sub, in case you've got any input on my inquiry.
@_date: 2012-11-23 19:24:06
I don't know how to exchange stack. T\^T
@_date: 2012-10-04 05:22:11


No disk encryption. bitcoin-qt v0.7.0-beta. quad core 3.4Ghz AMD Phenom II X4. WDC WD10EACS-00C7B0 1TB Hard Disk. Win7 64bit. Same performance results on three different computers all with different specs. If I spend half an hour transfering the blockchain back and forth to a RAM disk, I can cut this processing time by about 3x.
I've just ran a timing run on an update from blocks 201490 - 201750. 260 blocks, took about 30 minutes so the average block time isn't near a minute yet, but many individual blocks I spot checked took longer than a minute while many other took less than a second. Longest block took 1:26.
Looking forward to these bqt updates tho, sweet. :3
@_date: 2012-10-24 01:21:09
I'm the 1% :O
@_date: 2012-09-13 20:01:41
But the color analogy was invented to discuss secret sharing with no apriori knowledge. How do you describe DH being used to magically create a shared key between two parties, given an eve-sdropper seeing every message they have *ever* shared between them? The color analogy is one way of doing that.
@_date: 2012-10-10 00:39:41
Hmm, so it couldn't weigh a 1oz metal bar or coin then, eh?
Sure would love a scale with this sensitivity that could do a handful of ounces. :J
@_date: 2012-12-05 01:35:05
Here's a little.
Also, address doesn't pop unless you're looking for it on the sidebar. And capturing impulse is key.
What say you to adding the QR code, [like this one?](
@_date: 2012-12-17 12:00:50
I don't mine lulz, I'm too boring to enjoy griefing folks. :3
@_date: 2012-10-02 00:06:53
Yo, everyone in this thread is pretty confused by OPs report. Please clear up, if you can.
BitInstant is actually asking for bank username/password/pin details? Your reply was vague. "We are asking for these details to prevent scammers, fraud and allow the transfer to be instant" doesn't clarify which details you're asking for, in case OP is mistaken or reporting things in a confused fashion.
If my understanding is correct, anyone you share your online banking credentials with can empty your account. If you're sharing portions of passwords and pins, then you're just surrendering entropy and making brute force attacks easier. I am not European, but I've never heard of a protocol like this before.
@_date: 2012-10-11 22:29:17
I like this following idea best:
Pool participant tells pool the minimum tx fee THEY want to do.
Pool only gives that participant blocks with fees at least that high to try and solve.
All pool participants get paid for their share of block reward, plus their share of all transaction fees they would be blessing.
This best mirrors the dynamic of what would happen if you were mining solo. This also offers the best incentive to get folks to join you're pool, folks both get to share in a portion of the tx fees (minus whatever commission the pool charges) and folks get to set their own fee thresholds; essentially voting on what kind of delays cheapskates get (again, just like if they were solo mining).
Many people believe the solo mining rules race to the bottom, I do not believe they do. I believe miners with a cat in the fight will form their own dignity thresholds, sacrificing loose change to encourage the flow of tx fees healthy enough to float them in the long run.
PS: Pool could even set "prefered min tx" for new participants to a default of X.XXXBTC, so that new members can elect to work on cheap or free tx, but have to put forth the effort to modify their preference first. xD
@_date: 2012-10-30 12:04:02
Etsy's got a [bitcoin team]( (I don't know what "teams" are though, lol), but they've also got [a thread of hate]( in the forums. :(
@_date: 2012-10-10 01:20:38


Basically, all you are saying here is that inflation burns holes purposefully into people's pockets so they will spend their hot-potato currency as quickly as possible to get it back into material goods or capitol investments.
Is that really the best outcome for people? More transactions means more sales tax and income tax for the government. It means more consumption to line the pockets of big business. It also means less saving.. AT ALL and it encourages people to borrow against credit instead of retaining the earnings they have already made; since inflation works against whatever credit fees they will be charged, and works just as hard against their savings and investment dividends.
If I had the capacity to invest in a consumable good with a fixed, known value unlikely to waver over time (let's say, a tasty canned foodstuff that never, ever goes bad) and a fixed supply, then that would make a pretty good isotrophic store of wealth. Buy this can of schpam, they don't make it any more but anyone can eat it in a time of dire need so it will always have a minimum trade value.
How could such a commodity ever be a bad thing for people to either have or to trade and speculate on? How can a person ever go wrong hoarding those? How can a large economy ever be injured (short of jealously warring over it) because of the existence and trade of this particular commodity?
Bitcoin is in a practical sense very similar to such a commodity. Instead of food, it is a unique digital mass which can change hands globally, unregulated, pseudonymous, and curiously difficult to counterfeit. It is also the tax paid (at first via inflation, then over time more and more via tx fees) to uninterested volunteers to notarize said transaction; giving it basic use-value. It is of prescribed, thus predictable maximum supply. Under what circumstances could deflationary forces lead Bitcoin users not to transact it?
A person's wealth is limited; per time interval one can even call it fixed. Savvy people will be more interested to receive Bitcoin than leaky fiat, and more interested to spend fiat than Bitcoin, until a majority of their savings and discretionary funds are in Bitcoin. At that point there will be no more available fiat to spend, so of course they will spend BTC.. but by doing so at the last minute, they are maintaining greater purchasing power than they would by sitting on fiat.
@_date: 2012-10-05 10:27:42
So you hook up the spinning paper turbine to a DC generator to help power the cooling fan.
Problem, Newton? :J
@_date: 2012-06-01 22:24:06


I wonder if that bit could be replaced by pseudonyms, where the growing value of a pseudonym's reputation acts as insurance against that pseudonym involving itself in harmful acts for short-term gain?
I don't know the details, which is why I inquire. :3
@_date: 2012-10-18 03:54:11


Where do you get this from?
What is a gold "system", exactly? Do you mean a person's ability to trade gold, or a person's ability to determine if gold is genuine for less than the value of the gold, or do you mean gold remaining rare?
How would gold's use-value survive *any* of these instances to still give it a meaningful price? 


You've never explained this part. How is only having 22% of 10^15 units of currency available for exchange a barrier to you getting some of them? Do you have needs you're simply not sharing with the rest of the class? :P


And what does "flood the market" even mean in this context? 100% of the coins are already on the market, it's just that 78% of them may exist at sell prices higher than you are interested in. 
The only way to fluctuate the price is if the owners of these coins change those sell prices, dropping their perceived value of their savings and trying to cash out. If THAT is what you are really afraid of, then call a spade a spade so we can all agree how much EASIER that is to do in [any fiat currency](
@_date: 2012-09-07 04:36:58
This episode put the thought in my head:
What do you do when you run an exchange and get approached by organized crime? At some point, the weakest security link between the bad guys and a quarter mil of untraceable currency is [the squishy operator](
I guess that's another of those hidden (thus not often thought about) benefits with regulation and tracking, less load on single points in the system to failure, accident or attack: including single individuals.
The difference between the attack vector I mention and the long con is that the operator can be white bread through and through, and pass every *personality* test with flying colors, but they can still easily be co-opted by an attacker.
Anyone know any good business/security designs to resist even human co-option, for future reference? :/
@_date: 2012-12-02 04:49:56
looks like percentage annual supply inflation for bitcoins (and/or satoshis) :3
@_date: 2012-10-31 11:35:17
I'unno, pretty simple, really.
They're main weapons will be: attacking the exchanges. Harassing legitimate Bitcoin businesses. Bad PR. 
Our main defenses will be (that we have not already mastered): a [cohesive fabric of person to person, over the counter trading]( that we, as casual users, practice and perfect *before* the exchanges fall under attack, and a more evolved ecosystem than is currently at our disposal to resist internecine fraud (I hold out a lot of hope for multisig escrow and WPS).
@_date: 2012-12-03 21:02:18


Hmm, then who are you giving up that trust protection to? If there's no blockchain server in the background, then how does client know what input to route into each output?
(I'm on mobile, so answers in the form of "here's a leenk" would be great too, hehe)
@_date: 2012-08-21 00:55:27
Userbase grows all the time. I just got done selling a laptop thar, worked like a champ. :D
@_date: 2012-10-24 01:41:52
*pokes at*
actually less dire than my first telling; while corroborating the numbers I realized my rig is magnitudes less power efficient than dedicated bitcoin mining rigs, so I've adjusted the numbers. I'm sure it would still take a wicked long time, but the price is closer to reasonable in my new estimates. x3
@_date: 2012-09-22 04:32:13
I'm pretty sure the stepwise method he's mentioning only applies to accounts on hand when the theft occured. Spreading out that damage to new balances would prevent the exchange from doing much "exchanging", don't you think? 8I
@_date: 2012-06-27 22:51:18
Sure, I'm just reporting on my anecdotal experiences. It's worth noting that I loused up my username while filling out the form, and after depositing the funds I realized this and emailed y'all, and you fixed it in less than an hour on a Saturday Evening. So that is pretty choice. :D
But like I mentioned, taking time off work to hit a bank costs me more than $4. $3.95 is the fee at Wal-Mart, I didn't see any 7-11's in my area just a mexican food store and Ace Cash express; don't know what their fees are like.
So it seems like the total fees may vary from ~4%-12% on amounts in the $50usd range to do a direct cash deposit depending upon location and circumstance.
I don't want to make anyone look bad, I'm just reporting the experience from the field; at the end of the day customers won't care as much about which company gets which portion of the fees as "what's it cost to move my money under circumstance X" and "how can I police my circumstances to bring that cost down?"
But I will go on record that your service has been very good, I believe the transaction was quite safe (hard to test, but "endorsed by Wal-Mart" is no small thing either ;D) and the transaction cleared to my mtgox usd balance in less than an hour on a Saturday evening.
@_date: 2012-09-12 23:03:12
Maybe if you have an encrypted wallet file, you can satisfy the request of the warrant to prove you control those signing keys by being allowed a safe, secure, offline computing environment in which to decrypt your wallet file and sign a challenge presented by the judge? Maybe you can do that without disclosing the private key directly, and thus yielding the funds themselves?
But in an asset seizure case, it is the fourth and not the fifth amendment which is your only direct defense against jail time. Bitcoin's best offering then is, that if you back up your encrypted wallet via mirroring that your family can access, and you can either communicate the key to them or rely on a secure timeout-notification to let them know whenever you haven't checked in for a certain amount of time, then you can grant them unhinderable access to your wealth which they can either enjoy in your stead, or use in your defense.
@_date: 2012-11-20 00:30:24
80wpm for me, before the game broke. It had me stuck on the word "visitor" but showed me typing "visir" and it accepted that r, and wouldn't allow any other letter combination I tried after that. :P
@_date: 2012-11-30 22:25:58
But why wouldn't I be able to see the shorter chain? Upon netjoin, would not both chains become visible to all parties? What would be the detriment of viewing any random, orphaned, or even invalidly built block as a collection of transactions which can each be reviewed for their own individual validity?
If a block has some transactions already in my long blockchain, then trying them again would show them invalid as those outputs have already been spent. Only the ones which had not yet been satisfied and remain valid in the long chain would be eligible to try to notarize again, and I (and all miners on the block after netjoin) would be free to try. :D
@_date: 2012-08-24 01:34:30
Ouch, in that case I don't have a ton of applicable advice. :J
Best idea I could think of which intersects my experience would be:
* Have an account in the game [Secondlife](
* Use that to secure an account on [VirWox](
* Fund your VirWoX USD account from Paypal, trade on VirWoX USD -&gt; L$ -&gt; BTC (Virwox for some reason doesn't have a market to trade directly from USD -&gt; BTC)
There probably do exist faster ways to directly deposit cash and get Bitcoin, too.. I just don't know what those are in Aus.
I would also recommend checking [Localbitcoins]( to see if there are any face-to-face traders advertising in your area (I see 2 in Sydney, one in Melbourne, one Bundaberg, and one Darwin). If there are, that's a great way to convert Cash back and forth to BTC, in any country or local currency. :D
@_date: 2012-08-19 03:37:50
*IF* the vendor chooses to do that. Vendor may also convert partly to cash or accept all as btc; leveraging only the spot price guarantees to customers.
@_date: 2012-06-09 01:34:49
This site looks interesting. I've never tried face to face bitcoin trading before, but I've done informal currency exchanges for friends online successfully enough in the past.
Julian, how do such face to face exchanges normally go down? If you advertise the willingness to provide exchange services, how badly are you exposing yourself to doing business with dangerous folks who may want to mug you, etc? Are there best practices or protocols that have worked well for the community thus far?
I like the layout and features of the site (focus on geographic distance and exchange rates, allow merchants to cite rates as a function of last seen prices on major exchanges), but I know there are IRC channels and other methods of finding folks this will be competing against. How have people found face to face trades in the past?
@_date: 2012-07-27 06:23:40
Whenever someone says that, I always assume they mean "floating value", which bitcoin is. Some people think that fiat means "anything not pegged to another commodity", in contrast to gold- or silver-backed bank notes, or raw commodities.
[This is of course false]( so it's good to correct such folks. x3
@_date: 2012-11-05 01:31:02
While they *could* mine, there is no spike in the hashrate to suggest that they appear to be mining.
Also, BFL's reputation is being continually tarnished by their delayed shipping promises. Assuming they are holding back, they are also significantly hurting their own bottom line by way of customers shy to invest in getting their own ASIC from BFL, and delaying the next batch of chips produced, and turning their customers away to the other players.
"First to market" is pretty much always going to be more lucrative than an oligopoly before there is a product.
I think it's much more likely that they're either just taking a really long time because they're kind of inept, or it's vapourware and all a scam. Assuming they're so over-skilled that they've finished and now they are GGG'ing the competition is kind of silly. ;3
@_date: 2012-12-12 13:59:37
Perhaps, but the entire point of faucets is to allow people to experiment with play money so that they get used to the plumbing before dumping a couple of hundred PSI into it. :P
@_date: 2012-12-09 08:55:40
This is a politically shaped conundrum then, isn't it? Free resources naturally invite wasteful behaviors. Unless you're going to somehow *regulate* usage in order to sculpt how those free resources get consumed.
Basically, unless we can withstand one or a number of services like SD doing their business as inefficiently as they can afford to do so, then we're basically admitting we cannot get off the ground without some form of regulation.
I can't abide by that. I see technology as the art of redefining what's possible, while politics and regulation are the art of volunteering or being coerced into avoiding certain possibilities. I like the Bitcoin experiment and it's spirit of banking on the side of technology in defiance of bureaucracy. I see issues like this as a sign that we need to invest heavier into the technology, not a sign that we should begin demonizing uses which do follow the rules.
@_date: 2012-12-20 23:02:15


I think we've grown to a point as a civilization where that would be one of our primary priorities. Functioning communications infrastructure has proven to be invaluable to modern society, even in times of catastrophe. Hell, during Hurricane Katrina SMS even went so far as supplanting Voice Telephony in that regard due to it's versatility.
At our heart we're a connected species. Disconnecting will doom whoever is bereft to wither in relation to the connected whole. We share our trials and our triumphs, to minimize how many must suffer in order to gain wisdom. Our culture and our sense of identity feeds on this.
I think it's only moderately helpful to imagine "how will I guarantee my next meal" in a world where only you and a few trusted people can eat it, truly communications silent to the rest of the species for the foreseeable future.
However if that communication is present, even if it is very low bandwidth or high latency or ham radio or sneakernet, then sufficiently clever people with boots on the ground can adapt Bitcoin software to continue functioning in that environment.
The question then becomes whether cryptography remains the best arbiter of value (with all it's relative post-apocalyptic expense) compared to trusting in one or more third parties to hold a ledger on your behalf. As long as there is some trusted party, perhaps a bank or other benevolent cornerstone of the community that everyone happens to trust, then Bitcoin will be harder to use and convince others to use than it even is in our circumstances today due to the hassle and expense of running computers or consuming communication resources just to keep people honest. If/when computing and communications are cheap while trust is hard to come by, that's when Bitcoin will continue to shine as a reliable arbiter of value.
@_date: 2012-08-20 02:38:06
Yeah it really gets played. It is in it's decline presently thanks to a bunch of factors including the difficulty of arbitrating copyright over user-controlled content.. I do believe the platform will fail (unlike bitcoin, who's sun is rising) but it will fail slowly enough that if you can use the platform to do things, then who's to argue? :3
I've made sound and animation gestures, scripted toys and games and sold ~$40usd/mo through the automated vending machine of their marketplace for years now. Tapered down to ~$20usd in the past few months though, and I don't play myself much any more. But it's nice having a brand! :D
@_date: 2012-12-11 22:13:18
The simplest way to understand information security — all information security — is that you have to work to make your secrets *difficult* for other people to learn, and they (the attackers) expend effort working to learn your secrets.
Software such as Tor and PGP are simply tools that you, as defender can use as force multipliers so that you can protect secrets with your meager resources against an attacker whom you're admitting probably has unlimited resources at their disposal.
The missing ingredient to winning the battle you propose is knowledge. You cannot effectively use these tools and protect your secrets against your adversaries unless you know everything you can about the tools and how to use them, about how to do your business while leaking as little information as possible, and about ways to do your business which will attract the least amount of attention possible (eg, lowering any return on investment they may realize as a result of learning your secrets and thereafter abusing that data to persecute you).
That is why we all get red flags when you admit "I have only the barest understanding of how ToR works". Because Tor *cannot* keep you secure if you do not properly understand how to wield it.
Finally, you must let go of any quest for perfect security: there is no such animal. All that you can do is to maximize the effectiveness of the security tools and knowledge at your disposal. You cannot sit back and install software X and magically become untouchable to the gods of the universe. Their greatest asset is your ignorance.
@_date: 2012-06-25 02:50:57
Can they elect to accept payments from persons who elect not to get a receipt or to claim a deduction? I'm sure most bitcoiners would be fine with that arrangement.
And then they can just use Paysius or Bit-pay to get money they can use from eet. :&gt;
@_date: 2012-09-27 00:58:18
They are producing a distributed public transaction and notarization ledger guaranteed resistant to any counterfeiting or fraud attacks.
This is no less valuable to society than trying a zillion ways to fold a protein together until you find the one that fits the given criteria. :3 It's value can be demonstrated by the fact that current money handlers charge 3-5% per transaction on trillions of dollars of business per day. If there's a cheaper (simpler, safer, more corruption-resistant) way for us to handle our money, then it's worth the process no matter how oblique.
That said, the process is brute-forcing a cryptographic hash in a decentralized network. The product of this work is you feed in a message, and out comes a copy of the message with a trailing nonce which meets the hash criteria (being lower than a certain integer).
This is proof that, as of today, a 20TH distributed computer spent 10 minutes certifying the message; and that certification can be verified by a tin foil hat wearer deep in a bunker who doesn't have to trust *any* authority whatsoever (such as the US government or Verisign or ICANN or any of their root certificates) to know the message is valid.
The message can not be fraudulent unless someone scooped together at least 20TH of rogue computing power in the 10 minutes since the last message was blessed to certify a counterfeit message.
PS: Bitcoin mining is rewarded in bitcoin, to boot. If folding is so valuable to humanity (for example, as opposed to being ineffective but with good PR) then mayhaps they should start offering rewards in bitcoin, too? ;3
@_date: 2012-11-09 03:14:04


@_date: 2012-05-21 22:00:33
@_date: 2012-08-23 19:51:36
Well just throw in some entropy on the variables that matter the least, so that every default instance of the autotrade bot has a different "personality", but no one personality is significantly more advantageous in an unknown environment than any other.
Then the walls won't line up. :B
@_date: 2012-08-19 06:14:28
Such a plan can only work if his selling can induce the market to pick up the bearish momentum he sets.
If the rest of the bitcoin community remains bullish, and as I do thinks "yay, cheap coin!" then Pirateat40 would lose his shirt on a buyback.
Spoilers: there will be no buyback. What possible incentive would the man have to pay anyone back, now? xD  I say he cuts and runs with 100% of the loot presently in his possession.
@_date: 2012-08-20 02:34:44
UPDATE: [sgornuck reveals]( that it [is]( possible to run paypal and CC directly at Virwox. :D
I have not tested this before, myself, so I don't know if there are deposit limits or steps to go through .. but it's worth checking out. Looks like the prices are already making a rebound. :O
@_date: 2012-10-18 00:20:06
evoorhees implies no such thing, though. All he is saying is that "saving is a legitimate economic activity". That is true regardless of what price fluctuation mechanisms may be in effect.
@_date: 2012-11-04 11:33:06
Interesting site.
My feedback: display a QR code (for mobile phone users like me) and a link (for those with bitcoin-enabled browsers) to make the download/payment process easier. :3 
@_date: 2012-10-18 23:27:43
People can decide to discriminate against perfectly spendable currency by refusing to accept it.
Alright, sounds a bit self-defeating though. People could also decide to commit seppuku every time you post something. I mean, it's at least basically possible, right? And being the murderous bastard you are, you just keep posting.
That is the basis of every argument I've seen you make on various threads: "What if everyone in the world went mad, and stopped acting in their own best interests simultaneously. wouldn't that be an inconvenience? Therefore the system is unusable."
@_date: 2012-10-09 01:38:24
Will [Pradeep, from India]( be able to afford a smartphone?
@_date: 2012-12-27 18:15:06
lol, "[milli]( is the Latin prefix meaning one thousandth. So an mBTC is 0.001. I've tipped you 0.04btc, or 0.040 which is forty milli's. Hench my post saying "Dozens". :3  That's also 4 bitcents, or hundredths of a BTC.
As for how the tips work, [check out the Bitcointip help documentation]( or the [Quickstart Guide Image]( for more informations. You can tip that along to other people, or withdraw it right into your own wallet. :3
@_date: 2012-10-05 10:06:43
Between a $1 bill and a $10 bill, which one has more value during the nanosecond where you're stepping onto a bus with a $1 fare which requires exact change and an impatient bus driver eyeing you to move the bus along?
Or the vending machine that doesn't take tens?
Or what if the $1 bill is a rare misprint?
Bitcoin trades at ~$13 a pop right now. Does that mean a bitcoin is worth more than a $10 bill? It cannot in an absolute sense or I would be able to spend that anywhere.
Value is very, very much dependent on the situation and on the needs and prejudices of the person measuring the value.
@_date: 2012-12-16 05:08:52
Good lord, now you're just making me wonder what the BTC-&gt;lulz exchange rate is, since that's the only way the mouthbreathers are financed. ;P
@_date: 2012-09-18 23:20:37


No, you were just saying that the Fed could destroy Bitcoin by forking it, and that libertarian ilk-fairies were mistaken if we thought Bitcoin wouldn't die as a result of such a thing happening. You never mentioned "replacing cash", not that that would be relevant either.
So you're now talking about a blockchain virtually identical to Bitcoin, and the Fed don't run any miners at all. You want to change the issuance logic in some unspecified way. You mentioned not putting out a reward with *every* block but every Nth block, and you mentioned .. the Fed gets the newly minted currency? Without them mining it? What, does the Algo specify a receive address for them? If so that could get awkward should they ever lose that private key.. SSL cert revocation is a bit easier than Bitcoin key revocation. ;3
And they "peg" this currency to the USD .. I'm not sure how they could do that, save manipulating a market directly. Buying and selling any Ecash anyone wants at $1 USD per. Of course they could just do that to Bitcoin if they chose, and peg that to a USD. Who could stop them? Save perhaps another government or rich person who wanted to waste tons more money trying to fight them over the price on this unregulated market.
How does changing the minting logic help the fed, if they can't easily change it again once it's published? Is there some method of pegging a floating currency you had in mind besides expensively manipulating the market, as I've suggested? If they would just manipulate the market, why wouldn't they just stabilize Bitcoin instead?
I suppose if all they did was to stabilize the price of bitcoin, it would in fact gain acceptance over what Bitcoin would do on it's own. But my point is if they launched a competing currency where they mint coin whenever they want, they would have to forge their own acceptance path and non-US locals warming up to bitcoin would have little incentive to go with FedEcash instead; especially if they're already not so fond of USD and other fiats.


1. Good luck finding such a person. Honestly, go buy a candy or something. I'll wait. 
2. Will someone be able to convert this to another form of currency at some point, such as paper money or a buck in their bank account? Because they'll have to physically visit one of these bank branches and take over the account to get it physically, or I could provide an additional service like ACH for a $4 fee. I'm just trying to figure out how you can trade "some guy on the internet says he's holding a dollar for me" notes. That's the same acceptance problem any novel currency faces.
3. How am I going bankrupt? I've promised you a grand total of $2, and you haven't earnt the second one yet. xD
@_date: 2012-12-23 10:03:54
I am pretty certain OPEC is deep in cahoots with the current global banking industry. why would they leave that for a currency they can't debase on command?
@_date: 2012-07-13 09:46:14
The economy doesn't have to be big for an appreciable amount of the commodity to get hoarded as a form of wealth storage by however many (few) people choose to do that.
Bitcoin has many valuable features for wealth storage, like safety from asset seizure which are [making the headlines]( today.
So I don't see any appreciable way it's being tied to the dollar. 
@_date: 2012-12-22 00:17:46


They do this because cash is not digital, while the receipt instruments you mention are. I can send a check, share credit card number, do bank wire transfer or transfer ownership of a bond over a long distance whereas it is risky to send cash in an envelope.
Bitcoin is digital, and can already go where all of those receipt instruments can. Oftentimes with even less expense and more speed. This negates the benefit of the proxy money, making it *less* desirable for recipients compared to the bearer-guaranteed "cash" form of Bitcoin.


However an interest bearing IOU denominated in bitcoin will never get confused for, nor poison the exchange rate of bitcoin proper the way that USD denominated loans do. USD is susceptible to this because the proxy money is easier to trade than any bearer certificates are. Thus supplanting the original currency in consumer trade.
With Bitcoin this is unlikely due to point  nobody will be forced by the circumstance of convenience to accept your IOU in lieu of real money, when the real money is just as easy to accept. This will leave the IOU less desirable, and thus harder to circulate. Since this bond cannot scatter with the wind, any negative consequences resulting from the failure of it's issuer to pay dividends will begin and end with those who chose the IOU over unencumbered Bitcoin.
Compare with Pirateat40. People who knew better decided not to touch that with a ten foot pole, and the "shares" were never conflated with raw currency because there was no incentive to trade them over trading bitcoin proper.. save for "pass through accounts" where people tried to stretch the interest dollar by sharing it with others. When the house of cards fell, only those who chose to hold those cards were impacted.
@_date: 2012-10-16 00:15:43
Yeah. That's what CRC's and redundant encoding is made for. :P
I don't hear anyone complaining that QR codes "lose" information.
@_date: 2012-09-17 20:48:08
A&gt; answer my questions. They are straightforward and easy to answer. Or tell me how these are the wrong questions if you think I'm modeling things improperly.
B&gt; Of course I would. People will always need to wipe their asses, so the TP industry is recession-proof. ;P
@_date: 2012-07-29 01:44:08
Community Credit Unions &gt; "charge you $5 to use an ATM" national banks.
To an extent, Bitcoin &gt; CCU but we're still working on maturity and endorsement from merchants to really give that teeth. :B  So I'm just suggesting a better way to handle your fickle fiat in the meantime.
@_date: 2012-08-02 21:50:20
Or what if 10 people announce they're about to deposit that amount, but only 5 of them actually get around to doing it?
@_date: 2012-07-02 08:39:52
Lol, I guess yeah paypal is going to prevent folks using their service to prop up a competitive payment mechanism like bitcoin. ;3
"allowing chargebacks" would be meaningless, since the money-handler would be the sender, they'd be the only one to charge back to. but "freezing your funds" or "charging back previous payments to the Paypal mothership, instead of the originating paypal account" would be my main concerns. :P
@_date: 2012-12-21 00:31:01


Then what problem does it solve? What is ripple, what does it do, what is it good for?


Alright, so does this mean that ripple is a merchandise-precedes-payment sort of arrangement? It's not the seller's (goods holder's) reputation that chains vouch for, but the buyer's (currency holder)? Then if the seller sends goods and the buyer never pays, the network chain betwixt records a cascade of conveniently denominated debt until one link in the chain breaks, and that's the personal friendship rent by the insolvency?
I'm more or less casting about at this point to try to build an airplane out of the strewn legos you're offering, in case what I'm saying still has no bearing on matters. :/
@_date: 2012-08-26 05:12:53
Hey sgornick, have you got one yit? :D
Can anyone report that the singles are performing to spec? What are the thermal properties like? (hard to keep cool, malfunction in high temps, etc?)
@_date: 2012-09-18 16:43:34
Yeah, the thing I'd like to add to all the advice in this thread is "Do NOT leave an unencrypted copy of your wallet anywhere. ANYWHERE. Not even on a truecrypt disk. Unencrypted bitcoin private keys should exist nowhere but volatile RAM".
Why? Do I worry your truecrypt drive will be hacked? No. But how easy is it to "backup" the contents of that truecrypt drive en masse to an unencrypted drive, and then forget to delete that backup? Rowan claims [that's what happened during the Bitfloor hack]( after all. :P
So don't be afraid of keeping an encrypted wallet file on an encrypted partition. Layers of encryption stack nicely on each other, but for your wallet file the most important encryption is that which sticks to the file like white on rice. That way there exists no filesystem operation like "cp" or "cat" which can screw you. :P
@_date: 2012-06-14 02:03:42
I could what to who, now? :O
@_date: 2012-12-11 23:02:59
By depositing mined funds back to the bitcoin address they were ordered to via command, or by participating in the mining pool they were directed to participate in.
@_date: 2012-12-05 14:15:24
My understanding is, the majority of merchants fall into two camps.
1&gt; corporate: unless the web engine already has a plugin for it, or you can pay an integrator (bitpay / paysius) to plug it into the site for you, you're not about to roll your own (or allow your dev team to roll your own for you) and open yourself up to liability concerns. Whoever creates the additional option for the website is left holding the bag for whatever liability is represented by the additional attack surface.
2&gt; small business users: Secure a piece of text? Sure, let me just tweet that private key to myself prior to changing phones and forgetting how to access my twitter account at all. That will do the trick! xD
@_date: 2012-06-01 22:09:38
Fleh. If you have btc, why not buy into a vpn service anonymously over tor with btc, then go through tor with vpn at the end to hit Freenode, or any odd services normally blocked at tor exit nodes?
For hybrid-tor-friendly services like Freenode which require at least initial registration outside of tor, you only need the vpn for a short time to make that work. But I keep a corral of cheap vpns around for different purposes anyway, so that's no trouble for me.
I haven't looked, but I'd be amazed if there were no VPNs that accepted BTC for simple day passes. :D  (on second thought.. I guess that would be inexpensive but become a serious abuse target. ;P)
@_date: 2012-12-16 03:12:39
On behalf of [at least a good chunk of]("You know, I can't pretend to speak for *all* of us who match that label, but I feel confident most of us think along this line :B") us folks whining about Wikipedia not accepting Bitcoins, we don't care if they just hook up with Bitpay or Coinbase or somebody else who neutralizes all of the volatility and alternate-currency concerns for them. We're not asking them to hold any bitcoin balance at all. What we care about is that they are too cowardly about supporting financial freedom to deserve our financial contribution.
Perhaps, as [argues]( they are [uniquely vulnerable to legal unknowns]( I won't debate that they aren't, but if they are that just as badly suits their objectivity on curating a compendium of facts in the same breath.
Basically, this uncovers not only that they are beholden to the US government's prejudices regarding currencies outside of US government control, but worse that they are beholden to their own xenophobic fears about how the US government *might* potentially feel, in the worst possible case scenario. How can cowards of financial liberty be entrusted to defend liberty of speech? How would we even know if WM is not already altering or suppressing it's content for fear of getting in legal trouble over repeating controversial information?
Furthermore, my money would be wasted trying to force it into the hands of somebody who would prefer to reject it merely to express their distaste for a cause which is very close to my heart. They are doing well enough already if my wealth provides them less sustenance than the act of accepting it does them perceived harm.
@_date: 2012-12-28 19:46:19
Tru dat
+tip 0.05btc
@_date: 2012-11-17 04:50:33
Those have already had their days in court. :J
Long story short, want EFF to support Bitcoin, just get embroiled in a Bitcoin case which establishes some legal precedent (any legal precedent, really) and then they'll be out of objections. :D
@_date: 2012-06-06 02:05:11
or @_date: 2012-05-09 01:51:22
You misspelled "pointless bitching". :3
@_date: 2012-11-05 01:20:47
I agree with this analysis. Also, requiring bitcoin before you can begin the download will bounce visiting users, whereas slow data transfer speeds will keep them hooked, increasing the likelihood they'll give into the impulse of buying in with a micropayment for that faster speed.
Maybe even take that opportunity (captive audience!) to highlight the advantage of Bitcoin's "push" payment nature, where you offer a payment both anonymously and voluntarily, compared to paypal/cc either leaking personal information to the merchant or outright giving them all the data they need to later empty your account. :P
@_date: 2012-12-05 01:41:16
Haha, you can see our flatr-like bittip bot in action, yes/no? xD
+tip .05btc
Flatr support bitcoin, I'll start using it. I keep most of my disposable internet moneys in Bitcoin already, so this will just be a great incentive for others to do the same.
Good luck, sir! :D
@_date: 2012-08-28 23:54:03
This is one shot over the bow I'm hoping the Bitinstant prepaid card is going to make a huge difference for.
Hello Groceries, Hello power bill! :D
Hello "I've got a grand in this bitcoin wallet, but need to pay for $X usd for emergency needs, and can't find a local cash exchanger or wait 3 days for ACH .. 1% preload fee + $3.50 ATM fee (plus another $2 for the bank owning the ATM) for instant cash conversion it is, then!"
My biggest fear is MC or some such let it run for awhile, and then freak out and shut them down. x3
@_date: 2012-12-20 20:51:11
Or [vanity address mining]( :3
@_date: 2012-10-10 21:27:31
m of n means n people have keys related to an address, like a board of directors, and m of those n people have to sign a transaction to spend off money controlled by that address.
Conventional addresses are "1-of-1".
"2-of-2" means two different private keys must be used to send the money. Similar to the kinds of doors where you have to turn two keys at either side in tandem.
"2-of-3" is a great start for escrow; buyer seller and neutral party each have keys related to an address holding the escrow, and 2 of those parties have to work together to move the funds to an agreed destination.
Many more cool applications, but those are some highlights. :3
@_date: 2015-07-03 16:50:04
I agree with this precise statement, but I don't fathom it's relevance to the larger discussion of "we need full-RBF for no reason other than to punish the evil 0-conf heretics".
The only way I can get to work every morning is due to the hard work that went into designing and building my automobile, the taxes that paid for the roads, and the magical properties of caffeine. Yet I view that relationship as functional, not moral. If the car builders and coffee brewers and asphalt layers were all Catholic for example, then nothing about that forces me or my workmates to be Catholic as well.
@_date: 2012-08-10 02:13:50
I'unno, what bitter taste was there aside from either hacking or malfeasance; which is a fate that could befall any financial firm in an unregulated (moreso, digital) commodity?
Couldn't any publicly well known firm step into this arena with confidence? Tons of demand, tons of commissions to earn. Structure the financials such that customers have a lien against the firm in case of failure, and vet the hell out of security to protect against both external attacks and inside-jobs.
So long as you can properly resist the harsh winds of wild attacks, PR should follow naturally.
@_date: 2012-04-30 05:26:58
I wonder if this could be used to do simple BTC-&gt;USD conversion? 1.49% and instantaneous clearing are certainly tempting...
@_date: 2012-10-27 03:16:07
You literally aren't saying anything of value. You are insulting people, calling them wrong, and then neither clarifying why they are wrong nor proposing an alternative you claim is more correct.
Ad hominem is never "perfectly legitimate", it is a logical fallacy. It serves no other purpose than to demonstrate it's perpetrator is incorrectly utilizing logic.
I'm going to give you one final opportunity to contribute something of substance to the discussion, after which it is report and ignore. Make of that what you will.
@_date: 2012-07-10 00:00:45
The argument I normally hear bandied about is how the early-adopting miners potentially made so much profit by mining when the difficulty was low and holding onto coins until they were high (ostensibly either July 2011 or today, or near future?) that it looks to the myopic like an MLM, or that untraceability = laundering = immoral.
As to the miners, same argument applies for the first people to invest in any successful venture. Put your money in early when it's worth nothing, win the lottery of "this venture succeeds where a thousand before it have failed" and you are destined to reap thousand-to-one returns because of it. Profitable share price for early investors has no bearing on unshakable the utility of the transaction system that has blossomed since.
And laundering? Too bad. Not any easier or harder to launder than a meltable precious metal, save for it's being much easier to transport. Welcome to technology. :P
@_date: 2012-12-13 20:24:24
Meh, my debit card goes to a credit union in the US, west coast. I don't know if I can use that to withdraw Euros in Holland, yo. xD
@_date: 2012-12-07 03:21:34
Yep, mining has become an economy of scale. That's generally a Good thing^TM though, and I'm continually amazed by people like folks in that thread who can't grok simple ideas and assume "mining is hard now, so the whole currency is unapproachable and this is proof that it's already failed".
In my mind, it's like: Automobile manufacture is an economy of scale. There are only a couple of dozen auto makers in the world, and they make globally remarkable front-end investments.
That is actually what makes purchasing, owning, driving and maintaining a car so *affordable* and available to a billion consumers, though. :P
@_date: 2012-12-18 21:02:41
No explanation why this idea is being downvoted. It's not invalid to discuss or anything, and nobody is specifically arguing against it in comments. :(
@_date: 2012-11-02 04:12:34
What is recorded is the transaction address, though.
So even if *you* do not leak any personal information, the people you transact with might, putting your address and any other transaction that address works with, past and present, one degree of separation away from them.
That is why pseudonymity is not isomorphic to anonymity. 
@_date: 2012-05-12 01:15:40
Once the PoS is dedicated to indoors operation, tearing the cover off a cheap phone to put it in more legit-looking housing ought to be pretty simple though too, right?
@_date: 2012-11-05 23:58:47
Hello investors! Cave Johnson here. Now I know you’ve sunk a lot of money into the duel portal device but I’m here to tell you we’re not banging rocks together over here. We know how to make a quantum space hole. 8I
@_date: 2012-09-21 19:54:23
One thing I've considered recently while brainstorming what I call "the cold wallet problem" (eg, how to build a bitcoin information vault system secure from even local attack and ransom/blackmail) and shortly after finding out the skinny on multisig keys, is this:
Could there be a business model for secure countersigners?
If you had a cottage industry of different places that can securely countersign for you, then you can run your cold wallet and breathe a little easier. Hire M-J third party countersigners to work with your cold wallet, get J meatbags in your organization to locally countersign too, then require N signatures to sign off on any cold wallet transactions. J &lt; N &lt; M. 
This way, if M-J &gt; 1 and M &gt; N, then no single countersigner has to maintain 100% uptime to keep your funds liquid. If you lose fewer than M-N countersigners in one event (they go out of bidness, bad performance, whatev) then you can pool together N remaining people to roll all funds into a newly minted wallet blessing new countersigners. If J &lt; N, then your funds are safe from even your entire organization being lightly co-opted. Countersigners could have rules like "I follow only prescribed policy X, and refuse to deviate from it without written instructions X days in advance" to slow any potential attacks to sign exotic things until the board, the customers, etc have time to notice something went wrong.
It's hard to defend your clients' assets against attacks which co-opt the local infrastructure (in this case, the decision-making people of your company :P) but procedures which make such co-opt attacks impractical without the share-holders noticing ought to be enough to also discourage them being disruptively attempted.
So do you think there is a market for professional countersigners, mayhaps? What policies and procedures would it be desirable for them to follow? What are some selling-points they might advertise? :3
@_date: 2012-10-27 01:56:24
That 78% article is flawed though, and has been labeled as such many times in this sub, because:
* It incorrectly categorizes web-wallet services or the cold-storage of many businesses as "hoarding"
* It incorrectly categorizes all single-use addresses as "hoarding", even though the default bitcoind client spends money to change addresses with every transaction, rapidly multiplying the number of addresses any user holds with single use change purses. For many legitimate spending patterns (including big deposit in, many small spends out over time) this would make a majority of a user's balance look like "hoarding".
The real take-away of that article, as well as the [Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich 51% attack scare]( is that the blockchain does not reliably tell us as much personally identifiable information about spenders or miners as we might imagine that it does. Stare at the data too long, and you're liable to pull out patterns that really mean nonsense.
The reason such analysis falls down, is that there is no method to corroborate the results. They are unfalsifiable.
@_date: 2012-07-05 00:35:05
That's one of the great reasons to run your self-administered bitcoin client through a good firewall, or better a proxy like tor (obscures source IP as well as protecting against outside intrusion)
@_date: 2012-09-11 00:41:34
Testnet is good for that sort of thing. Just saying. :P
@_date: 2012-08-29 23:05:50
He did wipe something out. You gave him direct control over a portion of your account balance (you assigned portions of unspent inputs from your account to his) on the promise to be paid back an interchangeable magnitude of asset (principal) plus prescribed profit (interest).
It is public record on the block chain that the asset control shifted from you to him. You have documented emails or forum posts or whatnot where he advertised what account to send your funds to. It's non-trivial to prove that the defendant is unambiguously the one who provided the receipt address to you, but if you've got the man in court then he obviously wasn't *that* careful with his communications.
@_date: 2012-10-26 00:39:53
Go to any non-bitcoin-specific forum where there's a thread discussing bitcoin, and you'll get an idea where their fealty lies. 
@_date: 2012-10-01 23:53:19
Or alternately using a RAM disk.
The fact that bitcoin-qt takes most of a day to update from genesis just because it *bottlenecks on a ramdisk* makes me very dissapoint.
@_date: 2012-05-04 02:13:43


@_date: 2012-05-08 08:33:41
Does anyone have a technology comparison between mintchip and bitcoin? I keep hearing them compared, but this guy is saying:




That sounds absolutely nothing like the base bitcoin protocol, which while it DOES depend on a network of self-interested volunteers, doesn't rely on any centralized control within that network.
My questions about MintChip, if anyone knows a more detailed article:
* Does it really have NO reliance on networks, outside of connecting merchant and customer? Not even for software updates as exploits are found?
* How does it cryptographically protect against double spends, replay attacks, bad actors, malware, keyloggers (the latter two are also a problem for bitcoin, of course ;P), and the like?
* All my sources say it's tied to a digital chip, so offline QR printing is obviously impossible. Without associating with a network, offline printing could **never, ever** survive double-spends anyway, it would suffer from the "scan the thing twice into two wallets that have never seen each other before" attack. ;D  That's more or less why bitcoin *does* involve an elegantly balanced network.
* If it uses an IC chip, what plumbing is required? Do these chips just talk to each other via RF, or you'd need some kind of pin pad to input transaction amounts and such, right? Probably some kind of scanner to do online transactions; or is this going to be real-world use only like cash? :O
Before reading this article, I just glossed over other mentions and assumed they were forking the bitcoin source code and tweaking it for centralized control. Now, I just can't even figure out *what* they're up to! xD  Hell, I *wrote* code to support cryptographically secure digital money transactions for the iButton  fourteen years ago. As long as you're relying on an IC chip to secure your wallet, that is *ancient* tech.
So who actually *needs* Mintchip? What purpose could it possibly serve that isn't already handled by Credit Cards, Bitcoin, or other Digital Cash technologies? ಠ_ಠ
PS: I really looked for data, but all I could find so far is the stub Wikipedia Page, and [this article in The Star]( :(
@_date: 2012-07-14 16:32:38


Or the guy after that. I figure, as long as the decentralized system of miners continues to operate without significant interruption and the asset remains proof from counterfeiting and easy to transact with participating coiners around the world, then there will always exist a basic demand for the asset.
By holding coins, I control a % of the global supply of the asset.
What I do is invest a disposable amount of my income in it (eg, not my shirt) steadily over time. If the price is high tomorrow, I can't get a lot more coins with my dollars, so buy-in is slow. If the market crashes tomorrow and 100BTC trade at a penny, then I can get a startling fraction of the global supply with my modest investment this month.
I'm not arsed about the value of the coins I've already purchased on today's market, because "coins per dollar" only holds meaning for me when I'm trying to trade between those things. The fact that I hold X% of the market (today, that's 4e-4%) will continue to be a stable assertion until the market stops operating. :3
@_date: 2012-12-10 00:06:15


I'm ... in the relatively odd position of climbing onto killerstorm's side of this argument.
Why are we considering 30% taxation a scam in one breath, and then patting New Zealand on the back because 34.5% taxation is pretty low, all things considered?
Furthermore, is it your position that "he who collects the taxes carries a significant burden to frugally discharge his duties" or that "he who collects the taxes is by definition a thief"? I just want to know how hard to protest you. :P
@_date: 2012-04-23 06:20:57
But by then the vending machine has likely already broadcast it's version payment to the major pools.
Short story, it's easy for Vending Machine to ensure the network knows it's version of payment happened first. Assuming that all miners politely considered "later" versions of payments invalid, vending machine and most people's 0 confirmation transactions would be in the clear.
However I see no call for miner's to do that (hell, original tx message might even get lost! Network was designed to accept that sort of noise, too..) meaning naive, 0 conf vending machines could be easily fleeced. Who cares about saving cents on a chocolate bar, the attack is trivial and you can empty the machine of it's contents by repeating the attack.
Best option I can offer for fast txn is to rely on trusted third parties (eg, "escrow") where customer has to have an account with petty cash in a security deposit, cust gets signed txn noterization from third party, vending machine vends instantly. Then later if customer's payment is somehow welched the third party is trusted by vending machine to cover the funds from the customer's petty cash. Owner of vending machine trusts third party/ies with small txn's against larger balances instead of innumerable customers with 100% of their small balances.
@_date: 2012-08-31 23:34:46
Guh. The secret message itself [is a repost]( 8I
@_date: 2012-10-16 20:58:01
Likewise, I successfully got an ACH withdrawal out just a couple of weeks ago, before I noticed their "delayed ACH" message on front page.
Is there any news as to what actually happened? How did this not get it's own posting in I follow new, so I would has noticed that. ;3
@_date: 2012-11-28 18:53:26
[My quick analysis in reply to a similar comment]( :3
@_date: 2012-12-18 20:16:41
TY, updated my records.
Coinbase has been getting lots of press recently, so I made sure to include them in there too; sounded quite relevant to OP's question. :3
@_date: 2012-06-12 19:55:58
Upvote this idea. I did *precisely* this for awhile, until I got a faster drive installed. You'll need ~2.5 gig RAM drive, so you'll want to be on a computer with 6gig of ram or better to do it. 
What I would do is: res up RAM disk, copy in bitcoin folder (takes only about a minute from my USB stick) run client at it's fastest possible speed (a week of transactions will clear in 10 minutes or so) then copy folder back to my stick (~6 minutes). Less than 20 minutes total.
The issue is that the official client "bitcoin-qt" is horribly, horribly inefficient with drive usage. It does tons more seeking than it needs to, writes 4k and 8k blocks to the disk THOUSANDS of times per block downloaded, and simply refuses to do any in-memory buffering for either read or write.
What I would love to see is a client-server version, like a light wallet you can direct to utterly trust IP address X, which would then be a local server I personally administrate which stays on 24/7 doing all the full node work. I'unno. :B
@_date: 2012-10-29 22:11:51
Why is this downvoted? btcinstant made his personal preference clear, and then suggested OP follow the preferences of his clientelle (which may or may not line up with btcinstant's; OP must discover this for themselves)
@_date: 2012-07-28 00:47:27
Yep, bitfloor gives you the information to use from the website (company name "bitcoin", deposit account XXXX, and amount you select)
You give that data to the bank teller, and they'll fill out the deposit slip for you. Otherwise, the deposit slip is identical to any bank deposit slip if you were depositing cash into your own account. Except that it's Bitfloor's account. :3
Don't forget to photo the receipt and email that to support Without that, bitfloor will not know which user account to credit for the sudden money that's been dumped in their collective laps. x3
@_date: 2012-09-13 19:50:59
The best answer is the follow-up video (part 8) which delves into why public key encryption was invented when we already had Diffie Helman:
I can try to put it simply though. DH means you use a lot of compute power to generate a shared secret which is small. Usually enough to create a symmetric key Alice now shares with Bob. The "secret color" you saw there was not something you could use to do more new things with once you've got that small secret shared between the two players.
So if you want to talk to lots of people, then you've either got to share one key with everyone (and then anyone could cheat and give Eve the key; and you couldn't even prove who was Judas then) or run the DH algo for everyone you want to talk to, but the algo is expensive and then you've got to keep track of who is using which key.
So they invented RSA which uses similar math to DH, but lets you create a "key pair". A public key and a private key which can be used over an endless stream of data, such that whatever you encrypt with one of those keys cannot be decrypted without the complementary key.
Generating an RSA keypair takes a lot of compute power, similar to running DH to generate a shared symmetric key. Breaking RSA is believed to be just as hard as breaking DH (though DH is *proved* to be just as strong as prime factorization, and nobody has thoroughly proved RSA lacks any other avenues of attack) but you can use the RSA keypair a lot more cheaply than you can make new keys in DH.
Finally, RSA can be used in a more asymmetrical fashion than DH. With DH, Alice and Bob have to pass a handshake of messages back and forth just to generate one key, and then that key has to be used in further communications using symmetric cryptography like AES. Alice and Bob have to essentially "be online" at the same time, trading messages.. or they have to play several rounds of phone-tag just to get started.
In RSA, Alice makes her keypair by herself, broadcasts the public key far and wide, and then goes on vacation to the bahamas. Bob gets the public key, like, a year later and can immediately use that to encrypt a new message to leave in Alice's inbox. The message could be a petabyte of poetry if he wanted, he's not limited to any size even though Alice has never yet heard a message from him. When Alice returns from vacation, Bob's now in a coma or something, but Alice can still read his entire message. Bob even left his public key, so Alice can reply already. 
If they used Diffie Helman, they wouldn't have even completed their handshake yet at this point. ;3  Bitcoin for example would be impossible using a protocol similar to DH, because you would have to pass messages back and forth with someone you want to give money to actively just to generate a key, and then it's not clear how they could securely obtain that money with the key. Bitcoin's success relies on the fact that money is received passively: recipient does not have to be online when the coins are dumped at his doorstep.
@_date: 2012-07-18 22:50:22
Basically everything this guy sez. :B
I wonder what your copyright policies will look like? I ask because being a file locker invites a lot of scrutiny, and then accepting bitcoin will invite that much more. Just want to be sure you'll be keeping yourself safe out there. :3
@_date: 2012-07-15 23:06:36
Yep, there are two unique and legitimate concerns when doing business in bitcoin.
A&gt; Bitcoin is highly anonymous and irreversible, and to that end it is easy to get into a trust relationship with an entity, website, or OTC trader who then vanishes without a trace (or gets hacked, or claims to have been hacked) obsconding with whatever value you had entrusted with them.
Whenever possible, it is good to minimize the quantity and duration of value that you place in third parties to minimize surface area of risk, and for cases where you can't help putting lots of value in a third party, secure some kind of collateral against them. Make sure you know how to complain loudly enough to harm their reputation if needed. Find out their real world identities in case you have to bring them to court. Look into Escrow options for some business opportunities, etc.
B&gt; Bitcoin is a very new and sexy, completely digital currency. Unlike any other currency I know about, it *can* be irreversibly stolen by any person anywhere on the planet simply by learning the unique, secret key of your wallet. This increases the pressure on computer security for both users and startup website designers.
Hackers have greater incentive to hack "newbiebitcoinbiz.info" than they do "twitter.com" simply because they can instantly discharge the online wallets of the newbies and move on, compared to trying to figure out how to leverage control over twitter to gain something that they want.
And of course, high degree of hackability translates next into high plausible deniability for businesses who have either failed, made unrelated (more embarrassing) mistakes, or who just want to break your deal and keep your value to claim that they were hacked.
These are all complex problems, mostly stemming from the identity-protection penchants of both bitcoin and the users who deal in it. I think there's a lot of value for us as a community to view these as performance bugs and apply a maximal number of eyeballs to the problem so that someone somewhere will find elegant solutions. :3
@_date: 2012-10-05 10:20:01
I like CHOCOLATE mylk. :D
Can I have some chocolate mylk? &amp;
@_date: 2012-08-21 01:35:17
reddit island guy was only accepting pledges from addresses which had the coin on-hand (address balance is public record), and were keeping it on-hand through the pledge period.
So if you get an address with 21 million bitcoins in it, then we'll talk. xD
@_date: 2012-11-06 01:05:53
Congratulations, you've just posted an idea on Bitcointalk, crossposted to where consensus vote came in and evolved your idea into "xD
@_date: 2012-10-27 03:26:17
Does that imply scrip is a superset of money? Because what you describe local governments doing is precisely what the federal government does with USD. :P
@_date: 2012-07-21 01:57:27
Congrturation, sir! :D
If your company can detail the process they use, and publish that here, could be a good template for other folks to pitch to their HR departments. :3
@_date: 2012-09-18 22:36:29
I'm sorry, I got a bad read on your initial post. I mistook you for actually asking how come banks didn't do that. :(
Carry on! :B
@_date: 2012-05-24 22:52:55
I submit that — outside of tying an entire economy to a currency — deflation's negative effects are a product of the difficulties applying divisibility on the units of account. When a dollar deflates, until $1 can buy you a car, then buying food carries higher inconvenience because you're bartering out the pennies and risks of counterfeiting rise when the fixed investment in obfuscating one document lose out to the growing value of the document.
Bitcoin is much closer to infinitely divisible (starts today at 10 million parts per unit, and convenience cost of transacting 1 satoshi or 1 million BTC are identical.. plus network upgrade to increase divisibility is simple once &gt;50% of the mining network agrees to the details) so the entire concept of a "fixed money supply" stops having meaning. Even if 99% of the currency were tied up by hoarders, the remaining currency can be divided endlessly so there will always be enough (infinitely many) "atoms" to transact.
Furthermore, I don't feel BTC needs to have any economies pegged to it. It has certain simple weaknesses, like being challenging to transact and confirm locally without electronic assistance. It's strengths are in pseudonymous, near-instant, international transactions free from government interference and it is a reliable money store so long as you trust the future of the network and future value of the currency.
Governments can print all the monopoly money they want. So long as you have avenues to trade that back and forth with Bitcoin, the wealth you store there is free from the government-imposed inflation tax and you have a shot at transacting without begging permission from above.
@_date: 2012-11-20 00:49:28
Blockchain synchronizing slowness is one of the major weaknesses of the vanilla, QT client today. The devs are working on it, they have some improvements in the 0.8 beta being tested today and further improvements planned down the line. Alternate clients exist which approach the problem differently, thus skipping the blockchain download.
* I join these guys in endorsing [Blockchain.info's offering](
* [Multibit](
* [Electrum](
Information here is also correct that you do not have to wait for the blockchain download simply in order to receive coins, but that you cannot cause the default, QT client to agree to spend them again until it sees a completed blockchain. It may be safer to accept the coins at an alternate wallet such as one mentioned above, or your account at any exchange (give the other guy the BTC deposit address your exchange tells you to use to put Bitcoin into your account with them) temporarily until you've got the complete blockchain downloaded and verified.
If you have accepted the payment already to one of the addresses QT generated for you, then simply take care to back up and protect your wallet.dat file. That is your official ownership deed over the coin you've received. On the off chance anything goes wrong with QT (for example, it inexplicably gets stuck forever or your whole computer catches fire) it is always possible to restore that wallet.dat via pretty much any bitcoin client so you always have control over whatever coin it has received.
It is [possible]( to download complete copies of the blockchain from other sources, and make QT restart and just assume that copy is correct, but it takes a bit of elbow grease and since I haven't tried it I can't guarantee it's any faster. The client still has to scan through the data enough to know what balances exist at each address, and as of v0.7 that process is still badly inefficient. Plus you are still downloading ~4.7GB of blockchain data, no matter how you do it.
However you do choose to proceed, we wish you the best of luck, sir. And thank you for stopping by. :D
@_date: 2012-09-16 06:07:51
Uphill in both directions!
In the [SNOW]( xD
@_date: 2012-11-10 20:12:06
Interesting. They've never had trouble with my VPNs. :O
Maybe mine are low-volume enough that they just haven't proven to be a hassle yet for WP. :J
@_date: 2012-12-14 20:34:43
@_date: 2012-11-09 00:20:19
hey, you should make that linkable (just add an http:// into the text) for the lazy, and put that url into your article description here.
Might as well direct as much impulse interest to your site as possible, eh? :D
@_date: 2012-09-06 22:15:19
Rowan says the bitfloor hack involved a computer with "limited" network connectivity, specifically SSH accessible only from other computers in his LAN. Furthermore that the hack occurred when he was not physically present at the computer in question.
Most other hacks I've heard of involved insecure hosting environments. None of that suggests LiveCD. 8I
What attack vector would even work against the LiveCD method I describe?
@_date: 2012-10-26 00:47:55
Until you are both buying and selling real world goods for bitcoin, you'll have to exchange it for fiat. If you're a business, that is challenging to keep off of the books. If it weren't, you wouldn't need Bitcoin to help you evade taxes in the first place.
@_date: 2012-05-12 01:41:37
Another thing to keep in mind is, if all you want to do is pay a VPN service, you MAY be able to safely skip the wallet step entirely!
Find a bank or service that lets you deposit cash, that sends bitcoin to the address you specify.
Normally that's supposed to be an address from your wallet, but you could just get the payment address from the VPN service and have the depositor send the money straight there.
Deed done! :O
@_date: 2012-09-13 19:27:29
/me bows.
Somebody posted part 1 in yesterday. I think your narrator sounds a lot like Tara Strong. ;3
@_date: 2012-07-20 12:59:20


wikiedit ftw :B
@_date: 2012-05-21 21:26:41
Is there a wiki page for how blacklisting works? I'm curious what happens when there are multiple inputs, and/or multiple transactions leading to the same address.
F/E, address C contains 1BTC it got handed down from A, and 99BTC it got completely from elsewhere. Does all 100BTC worth get tainted?
@_date: 2012-11-11 12:06:49
1. [previous sketchy attempt at cross-promotion]( since deleted.
2. [bitcointalk thread these images were lifted from]( apparently those photos were taken by BTCurious, DeaDTerra and others as early as July 24.
But at least this dishonest story is classy and well presented. No harm done, positive impression left (word "scam" not uttered for example, pfft xD) so still I upvote ye, sir. :3
@_date: 2012-12-03 04:43:26
I recommend [Blockchain.info]( wallet service. It maximizes convenience, and it's secure enough I would be flabbergasted to see it ever get really comprimised.
They are a hosted wallet service, but the wallet is unique to you and encrypted in such a fashion that it only ever gets decrypted locally to you, very similar to lastpass or cryptocat. Being a hosted solution, there are no easier methods to access your funds from any computer or smart phone instantly. Also, it supports automatic backup of encrypted wallet by uploading it to Google Drive, Dropbox, et al; and it supports 2 levels of password. One password to access the wallet to begin with, and another password to spend from the wallet. The latter is great when you want your smart phone to represent two-factor auth; you link the smartphone to the wallet so that simply using the phone stands in for the first layer of password, but you still need to type the second layer to spend funds (in case of stolen phone).
If you're willing to sacrifice some of BCI's convenience to gain 9's of paranoid security, then I'd recommend Electrum or Multibit. Both are light clients, and rely on blockchain servers hosted elsewhere. If you are Ubergeek enough you can even compile their servers from source to host your own blockchain server.
Finally, Bitcoin-QT (the official, reference client) is presently beta testing their 0.8 version which sports ultraprune and 10x more efficient database engine. You still download and curate the full blockchain, but verification should be about ten times faster. :Q__  But it's a beta so everyone warns that nobody's going to take responsibility if you lose coin using it somehow. :J
 
@_date: 2012-09-18 16:52:03
Yep, I do just use it for a similar amount of cash as what I would keep in my pants pocket for that reason.
Since in-browser encryption is a similar story to [Cryptocat]( have you read much about them? AFAICT, they eventually completely abandoned Javascript encryption and stuck to only using a Chrome plugin.
@_date: 2012-09-13 19:18:20
But another exchange might. To get bitcoins, you deposit cash or follow some other hardening procedure for the fiat. This means you're relinquishing your capacity to chargeback, and you've got no FDIC insurance to back you up. Most (I think currently all) of these exchanges are not insured in any way.
So if user picks exchange X, and exchange X silently shuts down and it's owners vanish, they could conceivably take the USD too. You reduce your risk when you expose your assets to such an unknown entity for as short a window of time as possible. :3
@_date: 2012-12-28 19:40:38
I answer every regression theorem point with "The use-value of Bitcoin is that you can fund miners for their work to notarize your transaction only in Bitcoin". This is on par with national fiat's taxation system, and works fine as a use value in that field. :3
@_date: 2012-09-01 23:45:42


Put another way, you still cannot walk into a grocery store and walk out with groceries. Unless you're going to sit and fiddle on the phone for 20-180 minutes while the cashier waits on you. Additionally, you feel that 1% plus spread is more friction than a 3 hour per transaction delay, so you've obviously got a lot more time than money to spare.
I live in the US and do not see 2.4%/mo inflation, but Bitcoin sees much more than that in appreciation so that barely matters.
Today I deposit money at Bitfloor, and pay spreads + 0.3% and one hour to change cash into bitcoin in my wallet, and tomorrow my company is tooling up both to mine and to accept business in bitcoin directly, so that currency will be blended directly into my wages. Plus I sell goods on Bitmit, plus I convert my secondlife earnings into BTC avoiding paypal (the only official cash-out option) entirely. So my cash-in friction is negligible.
All of that aside, I deposit from my paycheck twice a month, but spend money from my debit card nearly every day. If I wait an hour for a deposit to process that's 2 hours invested per month, and I don't have to be there at the end of the delay. If I have to plan 3 hours ahead every time I want to swipe my card? Screw that noise.
I choose to keep balances in Bitcoin, even if it does cost a non-zero amount, because I want to limit how much of my digital wealth I have to rely on proxies to hold for me. Proxies like Banks, Paypal, or prepaid card providers. Also, because I have faith it will continue to appreciate over a long timeline and the amount I profit from this appreciation is directly proportional to the balance I hold at any moment.
I'm sorry if this does not line up with your motivations, and thus in your narrow view is "stupid". But the global bitcoin community is much more diverse than you give it credit for, and this product provides distinct features no existing product can match. Anyone who values those features, including me, will do more bitcoin business as a result. More people holding bitcoin leads to lower barriers for merchants to accept bitcoin directly, and greater native adoption.
@_date: 2012-12-07 03:02:00
Good to Xpost to too? :3
@_date: 2012-11-12 00:29:57
Bleah, while this sounds interesting I'll nevar care. I have good 4G coverage everywhere I do bidness, and as a transactor I am satisfied by blockchain.info seeing the transaction nuconfirmed on network with no other activity aged 60 seconds. :B
@_date: 2012-10-03 20:55:11
Bitcoin is a notary system, engeniously designed to be globally available, free from corruption, uniquely anti-fragile and more challenging to counterfeit than any other notary system mankind has previously invented. This system allows users to transfer virtual balances in a transparent fashion, such that no user must implicitly trust any other party to be assured that the balance has been transferred in any given transaction.
Users may assign whatever value they please to such balances, and then draw value from this record-keeping referee. BUT....
... there are pipers to pay for the work of notarizing the transactions: The miners. Today they are compensated by supply-side inflation, but that is merely a built-in subsidy. Tomorrow, they will subsist on transaction fees and your transaction's timely clearing will have to be remunerated; and only a bitcoin balance can accomplish that.
That is where the Mises regression theorem bottoms out for Bitcoin. Real work is getting done, with real expenses in other commodities and currencies and real value to people who want their transactions notarized. Thus the currency the fees must be paid in is imbued with a minimum value in other currencies.
@_date: 2012-10-08 06:28:33


I can try this approach, but so far I haven't perceived any wild changes in update speed which would indicate good or poor nodes filling my pool. I always get 12-16 peers connecting, and I get the same performance at home on my 20mbit down 5mbit up connection and at work on a 300mbit down 100mbit up connection (which, to be fair, bottlenecks to 100mbit FDX at an older FE cisco switch in my office. :P)
I also get the same performance on my elder 1.6Ghz dual core laptop as on my 3.4Ghz quad core workstation. Trying different permutations for network connection, number of connected peers (again, I always get at least 12) hard disk, motherboard, ram doesn't seem to very verification speed except that RAM disk does increase speed by a roughly constant factor.
The major reason I've asked question is just to test whether other folk were seeing similar problems or predicting similar approach time to a tipping point, and if so if there were any best practices to look to or exits to keep in sight.
It sounds like the answer is "the performance problems I see are unusual", and I'm not certain if that's because every other bitcoin-qt user runs it 24/7 leaving wallet file (hopefully at least encrypted) in the open where you're one keylogger away from being robbed (then until blocks actually take 10 minutes to verify they'd have no reason to even start to notice performance issues) or if there are plenty of other part-time qt nodes who just don't see the performance lag I do; and there's a friction point somewhere in my setup. 
In either case, I've just got to focus my efforts on deploying a client-server setup (like Multibit, Armory or Electrum all at least ostensibly offer) so that I can run a risk-free full node 24/7 and stop sweating the performance problems, but still keep my wallet(s) at the much easier to defend "client" side; some of them even air-gapped.
TY for your time, sir. :3
@_date: 2012-05-09 01:00:55
How does it do that?
Or, more importantly, how far can it's adoption get if it relies solely on trusted computing and falls flat on it's face as it comes out of the gate? x3
@_date: 2012-12-03 20:59:41
+tip .1btc for pointing that out, ty.
ohh, the karma whoring I must now do. x3
@_date: 2012-11-14 23:37:46


I do not agree with author's (blogspam or original's) definition of self-interest. I view what our language normally classifies as "selfish" thinking as simple narcissistic short-term myopia and greed. Those qualities only shallowly serve the interests of the self — often undermining them in the longterm — because sophisticated self interest actually includes a significant degree of the well being of those whom you associate with.
Put another way, one cannot successfully and reliably enrich oneself without also enriching all of the communities one belongs to. Your family, your friends, your business associates, your political affiliations. Part of who you are and by extension what interests you really serve are defined by these associations. If you cannot serve their interests, then you cannot reliably induce them to serve yours via collaboration.
Thus it is reasonable to expect that motive to be shared in other long-term planners. You will meet many people who want to enrich you as a stepping stone to enriching themselves. Thus, it is imprudent to circumscribe goodwill as "impossible" to voluntarily envince.
That said, autonomy dictates that individuals, while acting in their own best interest are not guaranteed to do so with great fidelity. People will make many kinds of mistakes, including trusting too much (allowing themselves to get burned) and trusting too little (acting with greedy short-sightedness and burning others).
Thus we include these checks and balances such as globally distributed notarization less to protect ourselves from other people seeking their own interest, and more to protect ourselves from people *doing a bad job* of seeking their own interests; hurting themselves but not before externalizing their pain to us.
@_date: 2012-12-16 03:49:09
Also, [BitMe]( offers cash deposits at Wells Fargo or Chase banks. Very cheap, that. &lt;3
@_date: 2012-11-02 02:45:05
just to fine tune everyone's advice, how many dust addresses are we talking about total, how many BTC-worth of dust and what fee does it want to charge you to do them all in one go?
@_date: 2012-08-17 23:57:19
Worked great for me three times. Now you don't have to photo the receipt any more (hold onto it until you have coin in wallet, just in case).
instead they give you a unique deposit amount (I asked to deposit 50usd, they made amount 50.12 usd) and ask you for exact change, then use that precise transaction amount to track who's account to credit. :B
@_date: 2012-08-15 23:32:28
I've thought about Electrum, but I worry about the address generation engine lacking entropy (it provides a limited-entropy seed from which you can re-generate lost addresses .. which while a boon to those who may by accident or paperwallet/brainwallet design lose their addresses, would be a potential security hit if you wanted to reduce the guessability of your keys. :B) and just that it isn't as well analyzed as the vanilla client's codebase is.


I've seen that bitcoind offers balance inquiry commands from cli, why could not a lightweight client make use of such commands externally? Is it just because there is no matching data-request command in the basic bitcoin protocol?
I guess a light client could ssh to the locally administered bitcoind server for balance requests, or publishing signed transactions.
What I'm also curious about is why such a usage pattern would be so unusual, or why the vanilla client would insist on 24/7 blockchain exposure (or else spending disk IO bottlenecked hours on infrequent updates) and forcing the wallet (which is harmed by 24/7 exposure) to be administered in the same folder?
@_date: 2012-10-19 03:03:03
Hmm, anything we should put in the email, or just "nominate bitcoin plxkthx?" :3
@_date: 2012-10-11 22:37:47
I think miners (or pools) have an incentive to set tx thresholds, even while they are collecting block rewards.
Namely: any block you mine where you pan cheapskates represents a real, statistically measurable delay for those cheapskates.
How many people vote in democratic elections? How much is their vote worth? Absolutely zilch unless they break a tie. The kind of vote I'm talking about here is worth non-zilch, and the more people who cast that vote the louder the consequences are for cheapskates.
Furthermore, what do you *lose* as a miner by turning away fees smaller than X if X times peak transaction volume would not be enough to sustain you, or would not be after the next reward halving (for any given reward halving at any given date?) It's no different from walking past a penny on the street which would take mere seconds to pick up. 
Except instead of the negative consequences of "a few seconds" (transaction blessing is truly zero overhead) or dirtying your fingers or figuring out where to store the penny or how to later redeem it, the negative consequences are simply rewarding cheapskates and helping to perpetuate their behavior.
At the end of the day, miners with no standards will always make more than miners who set standards. But how much more? A world full of miners who set no standards will not be able to make enough to stay in business, or to keep the network secured. So they've got a *duty* to eventually set stadards, and the more who choose to the more they will encourage spenders to pay them what they are worth. :P
Ooo, and here's the best part. Setting your min tx fee threshold to .XXBTC raises the danger of delay for anyone paying less than that precise value. If a cloud of people set thresholds, then it's not like customers will just gravitate to the average of all thresholds; instead the network slowly creates a ramp. The more ghostly thresholds a customer hurdles over with the fee they volunteer, the greater saving throw they roll towards a maximum-speed blessing. :D
@_date: 2012-11-02 02:47:03
Same here. I haven't got any takers yet, and live in middle of noplace, so for the first few transactions I'm liable to charge no markup just to help promote the currency. &lt;3
@_date: 2012-12-12 01:46:53
Alright, debug.log looks like the sauce.
Process started 12/10/12 16:06:19, and appears to have finished at 12/10/12 19:54:50. So 3.8 hours.
The 12 hour quote was not connecting to a fast peer, just letting it figure out it's own gig. The 3.8 hours was using -connect=178.18.90.41.
Do we have reason to believe the software should approach the 3.8 hour mark without command line options by release time, then? :3
@_date: 2012-04-30 17:59:56


Lol, anyone who reads this article and is dumb enough to try that is liable to get their doors kicked down because of all the traces of the transaction. xD
Simply using bitcoin does not guarantee anonymity. It can help a party mask or sometimes even completely hide the source of funds, but even using the tool that way requires quite a bit of savvy and paranoia.
I guess it's easy to lambaste any technology that offers sufficient freedom from central control that it could also be valuable to criminals.


Damn that US Postal service, letting people exchange goods and then not spying on the contents without a warrant. Lawless, I say! xD
@_date: 2012-12-23 15:04:46
What does "more applied" mean, though? [Applied Phlebotinum](
It would have to be more than "equal to Bitcoin" in order to make up for the network effects Bitcoin has already amassed. Bitcoin is backed by 20 trillion SHA-256 hashes per second of mining power, largely commanded by people who probably have a lot of bitcoin reserves and little interest in aiming their rigs at a new currency that would make their current holdings lose value.
@_date: 2012-05-21 21:50:14


What about taking a percentage of wage in BTC?
This should work well for any employee who's doing any business or hobby in BTC to begin with, saves them having to convert the currency themselves. Slight pain in the neck for the employer if they have to buy the BTC for you, but as part of a strategy to accept BTC revenue from clients it's a lot more palatable and becomes a good excuse for businesses to dip their toe in that water.
@_date: 2012-08-24 00:15:38
Where's the news? I see a graph with colorful areas on it. It looks the same as it always has. wth?
@_date: 2012-12-05 04:05:56
To be fair, adding an address does carry the prerequesite of generating an address. Either at an exchange/ewallet/service somewhere (and then trusting that service will keep your funds and maintain that inbound address indefinitely) or by running your own wallet software.
@_date: 2012-11-19 05:24:07
Yep, my understanding is that it's a measure to help reduce fraud, and also it's inevitable in some circumstances where their balances grow out of whack between bitcoin and other assets and it takes up to a couple of days to bring them back into balance to pay out what needs to be. 
So it just happens sometimes. As your relationship with them improves, I think it's liable to happen less often (rarely happens to me any more) but it will still crop up sometimes.
@_date: 2012-12-27 13:49:35
For me, part of the appeal of text over voice is privacy. I'm not announcing things verbally and talking over everyone else in the room.
If I was going to say things to people, I would much rather .. you know .. call them. x3
@_date: 2012-11-23 07:22:14
But, can be != will be. All security arms races bottom out to "who has the most resources and conviction to see their ends met"? In this case, is it more important to hundreds of thousands of humans to be able to express themselves and get un-censored news, or more important to a government  with finite man power and imperfect coordination to specifically prevent 100% of a dedicated population of people from doing the things listed above?
In my experience, the efforts of a government in a situation like this will bottom out. As long as they're containing "most" of the traffic (to the best of their ability to quantify it), and putting on a good theater and covering their own collective asses in case shit hits the fan, they will call the job done instead of going to extra-ordinary, and perfectly "possible" measures to ruin somebody else's day with no direct return on investment.
@_date: 2012-09-17 23:02:07
Badly trolling article trolls badly.
Most people who hoard bitcoin hoard gold too. Yes, Bitcoin requires you know how to use a computer and to cover your tracks. Boo fucking hoo, grow up and learn how to use modern technology. You can't even make a tinfoil hat until you know how to open a cardboard box.
The reason why Bitcoin can be valuable in circumstances where gold cannot is, how do you pay somebody geographically distant from you in gold?
*cue Jeopardy theme music*
Article is frightened of what will happen when "master turns off the electricity switch". I don't know, Einstein, what will happen to your blog then? Unless you can disable the entire, global internet then my bitcoin will still exist at my address. My wallet file on my USB keyfob or brainwallet or backed up in as many locations as I choose will still work fine as soon as I re-establish some connection to the internet. Or travel somewhere with internet. Or communicate with someone I've personally chosen to trust to make transactions out of my wallet on my behalf.
If you're only concern is "what happens if you lose all communications ability with all people ever", then what good is a shiny metal going to do you with nobody to trade it with?
I especially liked this gem in the comments:


I think you have to practice so many hours a day to just be this thick that I can't imagine when you'd find time to sleep.
So let's call a kettle black. You know zero about how the system works. You're frightened of the rumors and noises you've heard in the dark, and you're convinced you'll wake up tomorrow on the set of Mad Max vindicated that all of these technologists were wrong to have ever touched a keyboard. This being the case, please do the world a favor and stop touching yours.
@_date: 2012-12-07 04:01:05
So my question is, what are some ways for pampered Americans to make use of this service?
For example, will the French ship me a debit card I could use at an American store to make USD purchases?
Or is this mostly just jolly-good for those who need to convert back and forth to Euros? ;3
@_date: 2012-06-09 02:18:22
Because I'm curious not to repeat your mistake, do you mean you used the same password on another site which may have been hacked, or may have misspelled and landed on a phishing site, entering your unique MtGox password into an attackers hands? Or something different?
@_date: 2012-09-01 08:45:27
I'm not certain if or how much of the initial Linode hack was an inside job. When it comes to third party hosting; I guess that would be my biggest worry. :O
Aside from inside jobs, I would say a host which has already weathered a bitcoin-related attack is liable to have learnt enough from the event to provide *better* germane security than a service provider who has not. :3 "Anti-fragile", and all dat.
@_date: 2012-12-30 02:56:13
/me chex JSON documentation.
    bitcoind verifymessage &lt;bitcoinaddress&gt; &lt;signature&gt; &lt;message&gt;
@_date: 2012-12-19 21:51:40
T'would be nice if "cash out to original address" was an option, and I don't see a way it would negatively impact anyone's privacy since anyone compromising the poker guys' database so far that they can see what return address is associated with which table could also easily see when it got funded and match the transaction amount with transactions at the same time in the blockchain.
So I second this idea. :3
@_date: 2012-09-04 22:55:06
Depends on your location. Aside from me, closest listing there is 125 miles from me. And I checked them when I visited that area, both fell through.
@_date: 2012-06-07 01:55:58
Well obviously, you just don't have clearance. ;3
@_date: 2012-12-09 02:38:44
I don't see [Moon]( having any sort of link or section for "Criticism" or "Conspiracy Theories" or "Alleged Negative Health Effects".
Not even a mention of Werewolves.
I contend that gossip, even if it is factually verifiable that the gossip has been spoken, doesn't belong in an encyclopedia entry, nor cross-linked in every article related to said gossip.
@_date: 2012-12-21 22:02:23
This infers that venders might gain *some* zero-conf exploit resistance by forcing a 1-conf wait time on spammy txn offering too-meager fees.. 
But for some points of presence, like vending machines, that might not be very convenient. But skinflints who try to skimp on fees by overriding the defaults in their wallet software can fscking wait ten minutes for a candy bar. :P
@_date: 2012-10-08 22:09:37
Good job trying, but I don't hold out a lot of hope that FUD authors will reverse their spin. They aren't saying anything *technically* inaccurate. Botnet operators are fraudsters. Their efforts "undermine" the currency, purely by way of PR and not by any technical quality of the currency. They are "minting" currency, but doing so through legitimate channels — just using illegitimate resources to get the minting done. :P
@_date: 2012-06-09 02:40:08
IANAL, but Bitcoin — while commonly referred to as a form of money — has not in any court cases been legally defined as money or as pursuant to similar numismatic regulations. 
An interesting question then, is what regulations would a casino fall under if they let you game in chips, but did not buy or sell the chips themselves but instead one or more third parties down the road bought and sold the chips?
Or what if you gambled commodity goods, such as jewelry or gold bullion?
@_date: 2012-11-22 00:43:02
[VirWoX]( is good for cashing in on Secondlife Proceeds.
@_date: 2012-11-03 21:20:26
Bitmit has wallet and escrow, it just doesn't have a built-in mixer.
Still, does SR *force* parties to use it's wallet/mixer service? Is it unheard of for parties to try to negotiate sending coin outside SR's system, and thus rip each other off?
That was the main point I was warning against.
@_date: 2012-10-31 22:02:16
We all share concern over botnets on a fundamental level. Mining is a new method by which botnets can steal from their victims though, by ramping up power consumption and pocketing the mining proceeds we offer them for the anonymous and legitimate security they wind up offering our communal network (obtained, without our ability to verify, via stolen resources).
So mining does make botnets a greater drain to the owners of infected computers, as well as increasing the profitability of this illicit activity, in turn increasing the capitol botnet operators can invest to compete against anti-virus makers and white hats to infect still more computers and raise the average difficulty for anyone to keep their computer secure.
IN ADDITION to malignant magnification, botnet operators compete directly against honest miners, cutting into *their* profits. Put simply, the total hashrate is not necessarily increased by the participation of botnets, since their absence would increase the incentive for honest miners to mine and keep the total hashrate primarily unchanged, as well as rewarding honest labor instead of rewarding the invasion of autonomy.
So from really any angle I can think to analyze, botnets are a significant negative force against all players, with zero net redeeming qualities.
@_date: 2012-10-23 09:57:36
I didn't see any reddit logos outside of the bitcointip "howto" infographic (which is understandably full of bitcoin logos)
@_date: 2012-11-08 01:20:04
Bitcoin requires no banks, insurance would be an odd service to provide.. I don't know what thresholds we're looking for in "casino" or "money service business"? Plenty of those operate under the table or on the black market. For example, SatoshiDice seems quite anti-KYC.
So far as who you report to, why should the department matter? They all share your data behind the scenes. Whatever you report on your taxes clarifies whether you fall under FinCen jurisdiction or not.
@_date: 2012-10-03 22:19:29
Mining is the work of notarizing the public transaction ledger.
"A Bitcoin" does not exist as a physical object or even a digital code. Instead, addresses controlled by private keysets get freely created by anyone who wishes to, just like anyone can make a PGP key, and these are able to hold non-zero balances, like bank balances.
You gain a balance because someone sends you a portion of theirs. All of these "balances" are kept track of on a public ledger, published and maintained by by all participants in the bitcoin network. All people who want to transfer a balance from their address to another address submit "transactions", signed by their public key, into the bitcoin network.
Since there is no central referee who keeps track, and says "yes this guy has enough balance to send 10BTC to that guy. No, that transaction divides by zero, we won't allow it." etc, the network competes in an intense proof-of-work problem to notarize a batch of transactions every ten minutes on average.
Miners (the people who notarize) build a transaction block they wish to bless, and then grind away to solve a math problem related to that block which takes a known amount of effort on average to solve. It's balanced so that all miners combined in the world working at full tilt will take an average of 10 minutes before anyone anywhere gets a block blessed. Once someone cries "BINGO", they publish their work to the rest of the network, and everyone checks to make sure it follows the agreed rules: math problem solved, all transactions being blessed are valid compared to everyone's balances in the previous block, every i crossed and every t dotted.
Then everyone who was mining for new transaction batches adjust their  batches to stop trying to bless those transactions (someone beat them to it) and focus on new ones, and to bless this newest block they endorse as an ancestor. If you publish a block that's bogus, then everyone ignores that block and nobody tries to bless that with their next effort.
That way, an entire world full of greedy, self-interested miners can cooperate to continually sign and verify a globally distributed transactions ledger, and anyone who tries to deviate from the rules just gets systematically ignored. Cheating isn't possible unless you could make more than 50% of the miners (measured by amount of work done) collude together to produce more invalid blocks than everyone else combined could produce valid ones.
Now mining takes a lot of effort: fast computer hardware (GPU, FPGA, ASIC) drawing full power of electricity 24/7 (compared to GPUs playing Borderlands 2, which only draw enough power to put pictures on the screen, and only while you play..) which all cost money. Miners have to be compensated for this effort, so the Bitcoin protocol takes care of that at the foundation.
1&gt; block rewards.
All of the bitcoin balances have to flow from some initial faucet, and that's the block rewards. When you mine a new block, the rules allow you (the miner who got a valid block) to claim 50BTC of balance from out of thin air as a reward for your work. Thus the network mints 50 new BTC every 10 minutes on average, 7200BTC per day on a much stricter average and this represents an easily predicted, corruption-proof method of supply-side inflation.
This inflation will peter out, too. Every ~4 years (exactly every 210,000 blocks) the reward simply cuts in half. Next halving is right around the corner too, we drop to 25BTC per block ~Dec 3. As a result, the rewards slow over time and the final number of bitcoins which will ever be minted is 21 million.
2&gt; Voluntary Transaction Fees.
As Block Rewards ebb, this will grow as the primary compensation for miners. By then transaction volume should also be high enough that the burden on each transction to fund it's parent block should be milder than it would have to be today if not subsidized by block rewards. For every transaction, you get to specify how much of the balance you're spending will just be claimed by the miner as a fee. You can choose any amount you'd like, but if you don't offer enough then there's no reason for the miner to include *your* transaction in the next batch he's trying to bless. :3  So while fees are not required (some miners are charitable enough to include zero fee transactions), they do help ensure prompt clearing of your transaction.
**TL;DR** Nobody can steal your bitcoins as they are being sent. Mining is doing work to earn either newly minted bitcoins, or transaction fees in exchange for notarizing other people's transactions.
@_date: 2012-09-18 16:33:25
If you're happy giving Rowan your personal information, but just want to make sure it isn't eavesdropped along the way, then asking his PGP address makes sense. I am not aware of that being published anywhere, so you're going about things the right way. It will take god knows how long to get correspondence back from him, but that's the channel to initiate ACH withdrawl as well, so it's a train you're stuck behind either way.
I remember back when he was in business, I would email him as a nobody and get a reply always within 60 minutes. :O  But I imagine his email box is being DDoS'ed right now, complicating everything.. even if he is continuing to behave honestly (which while I bet he is, I can't guarantee that for anyone else :P)
Alternate idea, sell your bitfloor account OTC or Bitmit. Moderate risk on both sides of that transaction; hard for you to prove the USD balance you have with bitfloor without handing over control of that balance (giving them the password credentials, for example). If you accept USD from them in anything but cash in person, then you're exposed to chargeback risk. Easiest would be to accept Bitcoin from them, that can be easily escrowed and cannot be charged back .. but then you've got to find another avenue to cash it back out. Many exist mind you; it's just annoying to take your wealth the long way back around. ;3
So I recommend you seek out an OTC deal, and find someone as willing as possible to take on risk so you don't have to. For example, anyone who's done the bitfloor ACH process post-hack and feels confident in the process, someone [locally]( if possible since you can just log in in front of them to prove balance without divulging creds, that sort of thing. :3
@_date: 2012-06-18 21:41:50
Upvote for use of socat :D
@_date: 2012-09-11 23:42:37
I can send your coins to Narnia with a modest 100% fee.
@_date: 2012-10-17 23:56:26
Once buyers have coin on hand, much of the worry about anonymity vs high fees dissolves. You can get coin from a multitude of places, you dont' have to sell fiat. Sell goods locally, or on bitmit, or as a business accept bitcoin. Pay and be paid for work in Bitcoin. For anonymnity, tumble the bitcoin.
Now you're a responsibly armed buyer (as I am!) who can spend bitcoins at a moments notice, and have multiple avenues available to replenish that balance. You could anonymously pay at a gas station with a prepaid smartphone; if they took bitcoin.
I think part of the issue is buyer laziness. Most people are accustomed to relying on a bank to hold their wealth for them. Most banks tap into the central banking network, and inherit all of it's limitations, in exchange for attracting the largest userbase.
It's on par with Diaspora trying to compete with Facebook: no matter how much indignity Facebook users suffer at the hands of the Zuck, they won't want to run their own software and maintain their own security just to get that dignity back. They'll roll the dice and take the chances they aren't important enough for their privacy to be threatened.
@_date: 2012-10-09 00:14:39
OTOH, it's the only internet access available to much of the developing world who could gain the most use out of bitcoin.
Ideas? :J
@_date: 2012-10-18 04:10:13


*sigh*. Something-something about "arguments not worth addressing".
@_date: 2012-09-29 08:29:52
IANAL, but if your client's recipients want Bitcoin (and it's their onus to change that back into the local currency) then simply being a local trader already puts you into that position. :3
Otherwise if you want to take on the remote currency exchange onus, it would probably require having offices in every remote location you want to advertise for. Also, since in that case you are transferring money end-to-end, I have no bloody idea what laws would apply. xD
@_date: 2012-11-17 10:39:16


EFF-sourced legal FUD aside, in what way could investing zero expense to set up a bitpay or paysius or mtgox merchant portal to accept money from people who are presently not giving you that money lead to a financial loss?
@_date: 2012-12-16 04:27:59
I don't follow? Let me just remove all of the gold electrical connectors from your car and see if it still runs, then.
Gold isn't the fuel of your car, but neither is [frozen concentrated orange juice]( Gold does have use value however. So does Bitcoin. So I think they all classify as commodities, though precious metals and Bitcoin also classify as good non-national currencies. :3
@_date: 2012-11-02 03:02:12
I used to use [Bitfloor]( to deposit cash (via Chase, before their bank accounts got frozen, derailing cash deposit option) both rapidly and cheaply. Walk into bank, walk out and balance is at Bitfloor. Make trade from smartphone in parking lot, withdraw BTC, blockchain.info wallet recognizes funds instantly while Bitcoin-QT vanilla client won't let me spend for 6 confirmations (one hour).
[BitMe]( Is supposed to offer a virtually identical service, but I cannot say I've tried them yet. They're my next test once I need to deposit cash again, tho. :3
Finally, [Bitmit]( is a great place to just sell goods ebay-style, and score bitcoin.. no fiat currencies involved. :D
But here's a pittance, anyhow. Good luck, sir. ;3
@_date: 2012-07-16 23:47:09
Patrick: [This chart]( is the number of existing bitcoins (not accounting for defaced/lost currency) over the past 12 months.
Notice a pattern?
Come December when the reward halves, you will finally see change in that chart. The slope will cut in half.
Number of miners, and amount of mining power has zero impact on number of new bitcoins created. We get one block per 10 minutes (give or take timing fluctuations), and 50btc gets rewarded per block. In December that reward halves to 25btc.
More miners or more mining power simply means more people fighting over the blocks that get generated, less profit per miner (or per Ghash).
@_date: 2012-10-30 23:46:52
"absurd" is a bit of an elite way to categorize the misunderstanding, though.
Every non-physical currency until now (save [Yap]( has always relied on an issuing authority. It's simple to see why people would mistake "the largest entity on the network; who sets the price" for an issuing authority, and assume that a hack there equates to a strike against the core of the infrastructure.
@_date: 2012-12-09 01:14:44
Then this belongs in Bitcoin &gt; Conspiracy Theories, not front and center.
@_date: 2012-10-18 01:12:13
First, when I save $X at a bank, they do not loan *MY* $X out to other customers. They use my $X as an arbitrary reserve, ad then *create new currency* to loan out based upon that.
With Quantitative Easing, AFAICT they are simply throwing the reserve math out the window, utterly severing any link between what one person saves and the new money available for another person to borrow.


What happens to USD market if everyone tries to withdraw all of their savings at the same time?
Furthermore, nobody is stopping BTC exchanges from offering fractional reserve savings, or aggregating portfolios whereby you can lend your BTC out to other people and pool the risks and liquidity therein while earning BTC interest.
Also, nobody is stopping USD holders from stuffing greenbacks into mayonnaise jars or trading them for gold to stuff under a mattress. Mayonnaise jars are simply unpopular savings vehicles because the currency you put in them is being constantly debased without your consent.
@_date: 2012-08-27 23:52:09
Here's some math.
There are a maximum of 21 million bitcoins which can possibly exist.
21 million x $1,000usd/btc = 21 billion dollar market cap.
Thus, if 21 billion dollars of economy are supported by the bitcoin currency, then it must trade at ~$1,000usd per coin. If 210 billion dollars, then $10,000usd per coin.
The question is, if the bitcoin economy is worth 100 mil when there are virtually no places to spend it, and virtually nobody has heard of it, and moving back and forth to other currencies is a serious PITA: then how much will it be worth once banks begin dealing in it and legitimate stock trades get denominated in it and some percentage of the world population begins to use it to buy groceries and store potentially unfreezable wealth?
Growing the economy size by a factor of X necessarily grows the unit currency valuation by the same factor. Do you feel as though global interest might increase by 100 fold compared to today, given the core protocols remain stable and the ecosystem matures over time?
Now keep in mind, "grows by 100 fold" doesn't even account for USD's [3.4% average annual inflation rate]( that just keeps inching the goal post closer. :J
@_date: 2012-12-16 04:07:32
So how does one notice a shadow ban, in order to react to it?
I get that the point of SB is to be covert, but it's one of those things that can only have marginal effect on the recalcitrant anyhow. If the SRS and EPS lots are already hardened to this tool, we might as well be too, right? :/
@_date: 2012-06-22 21:48:36
I specified $50usd to transfer. They charged me $53.95 and gave me $48.005 (yep, half a cent) at MtGox. That's 12%. Not sure if banks are a better rate, but I work during banking hours so it costs me more to take an hour off of work.
All told, it's a ton cheaper for me to buy SL lindens from Paypal (almost instant, very minimal fees) and then deposit those at [The Rock Trading]( or [VirWoX]( trade LL to BTC and send to my wallet.
Known caveats: The Rock sometimes prevents the LL deposit because of Risk API, but if not then you're golden. VirWoX also uses Risk API, but I happen to have never ran afowl of it. Also, VirWoX only allows you to trade in whole numbers of BTC which is inconvenient crap, and then takes ~36 hours to withdraw their BTC to your wallet. But has more volume than The Rock and better graphs.
Pros, cumulative fees in the 5% or less range, available to you 24 hours. Never have to leave the computer. At The Rock, you can have your BTC within an hour. At VirWoX, you'll at least lock your value into BTC within an hour; the 36 hour hold is after the trade which was a handy bit for me one time when I bought at $5.75usd/btc and during the hold the value rose to $6.40usd/btc. ;3
@_date: 2012-07-07 02:11:42
This is good advice, but I don't think I have a chase in my area.
A reply to your comment in another thread says "bitinstant has more locations for a higher fee" but that comment didn't clarify if they sent to bitfloor or just mt gox? 
@_date: 2012-12-13 17:34:42
From the [Wikipedia article on the subject](


@_date: 2012-10-24 02:46:46
I second [Bitcoin Forum &gt; Bitcoin &gt; Project Development](
That said, how be your businesses going, TheP? Vanity mining appears to be moving along full steam. How goes the art site? :D
@_date: 2012-05-16 02:00:16
To be fair, physical bitcoins are still only account numbers printed physically. It's on par with a prepaid ATM card.
Main difference being: I can debase the physical coin in your hand via virtual means if I know it's account number.
@_date: 2012-11-04 11:24:35
yeah, people don't put their funds into any exchange for convenience. They do so in order to quickly trade, and to profit from market fluctuations.
You see that price spike there? (randomly pokes finger at a chart) Want to take advantage of it? Well, if you're balance is already in the exchange you press "sell" and you're done. If not, you move BTC into gox and by the time your your coin has confirmed into your Gox account the spike is gone. :B
All life generally involves trading risk in one form for risk in another, I suppose. :/
@_date: 2012-08-21 01:07:01


Not really. "Zero" is merely a mathematical construction, and the difference between 2^-160 and zero is less than the difference between a cubic parsec of space with perfect vacuum in it and another cubic parsec with an causally isolated tau-neutrino lazily swimming through it's center at c.
@_date: 2012-11-01 23:40:36
I don't follow. How do botnets obtain money from out of Microsoft's coffers?
I know how they obtain money from out of public coffers. Forcing us to invest in anti-virus technologies, on or off Windows; forcing the global Email and IRC networks to invest in heightened security, spam prevention, and abuse prevention. Drawing electricity from infected users and trading that in highly inefficiently for block mining rewards on the Bitcoin network. Performing phishing scams, identity theft and fraud to fleece the gullible.
But I don't see Microsoft anywhere in that line to lose money. All I see is, the poor, the uneducated, the elderly, and all the tech support and sysadmins who are paid to keep them connected with their businesses and loved ones.
@_date: 2012-10-07 06:03:21
David's advice to "check in with a trusted third party" to protect against 0-conf double-spends is one I endorse as well. For OTC transactions for small change, I like checking [blockchain.info]( and letting the txn sit there ~60 seconds (or get a conf, whichever comes first) and if no anomolies are displayed, then it's wildly unlikely to be able to counterfeit. :3
@_date: 2012-09-27 00:11:18
WTH, does instawallet not use SSL? Who is providing Javascript crypto without even throwing some SSL in there? ;P
@_date: 2012-05-07 00:24:22
I see this comment a lot, don't know if it's meant to be positive or negative.
Like, "post this crap somewhere besides my sub" or "damn, nice article, you should publish it proper and gain link karma". x3
@_date: 2012-10-29 22:27:13
Nah, I'd say you're consistently downvoted far enough that nobody can read what you're writing unless they want to. :3
@_date: 2012-12-03 04:08:58
[You're welcome](
@_date: 2012-05-19 10:44:14
[Underdog]( according to Merriam-Webster:
1 : a loser or predicted loser in a struggle or contest
2 : a victim of injustice or persecution
Bitcoin is a "predicted loser" by it's detractors. But that's kind of what "detractors" means. I think it is far and wide unknown as far as currencies go. I'd wager no more than 1 out of 10,000 users of USD currency have ever heard of Bitcoin, one way or the other.
I do not believe Bitcoin is an "actual loser". I believe due to the strength of it's network, and due to it's not having been impeded thus far by any measures less glancing than thievery attempts of varying success against badly secured holders of wealth, it is also neither a victim of injustice nor persecution. It's just a happy payment system, humming along and ka-chinging as it sees fit.
What Bitcoin means to me is that I can log onto the internet through a labyrinthine proxy system or anonymous remailer should I choose, and send or receive payments of any magnitude from a thousandth of a cent to a million dollars which are notarized in a very short timeframe by a self-interested team of volunteers, and zero parties on planet Earth — not the far-flung operators of the bitcoin network, not my government, and not even the person on the other end of the transaction — need to know who I am (short of the payment history of the wallet address I use, which is a fairly trivial to cover).
Nor is it possible through any means known to cryptography to reverse that payment or steal my coin, freeze my assets or prevent my further participation short of directly identifying and hacking my personal wallet file, or overpowering a majority of the payment processing network world-wide.
Anyone with a trickle of unimpeded data bandwidth can begin using this payment system immediately (through a thin client) or after a day of mirroring the blockchain for free (through a full client with a 2GB+ HD space and fast disk I/O). Today transactions can clear reasonably fast with fees that round to zero cents USD, and tomorrow (after the mining bounties evaporate), assuming the network keeps chuggng along pure bitcoin transactions are likely to continue holding at a flat rate fee in the range of $1usd.
No other payment system in the history of man has been able to boast a feature set like this, so I'm a relatively happy camper. :3
@_date: 2012-09-02 03:52:59
Alright, so the local exchange could sell the pesos to government? Or someone who trades on the exchange could?
@_date: 2012-10-01 23:19:33
Who can report back here or on bitcointalk about what happened if they were silenced for anything more substantial than whining.
Streisand effect is good at effecting streisands. ;3
@_date: 2012-06-18 00:29:01
Won't happen. Mining participation is closely coupled to electricity rates right now.
Whenever mining makes more than the electricity it takes for any given technology catalyst, miners will flood in until that margin vanishes. Whenever the reward can't sustain the miners, they will shed until it can.
Come Nov/Dec, there will be very, very close to exactly as many miners onboard for them to eke out a profit — regardless of whether BTC trades at $6 or $60. Therefor, the halving means the number of ~~miners~~ gigahashes mining will split in half over a very short period.
It is impossible for that to play out any other way, without driving the mining cost past electricity cost and preventing any mining from profiting anywhere.
@_date: 2012-12-22 10:41:52
Look at it this way. Mining rewards are often described as a "lottery" whereby the lucky winner who finds the appropriate hash cashes in. Winners of an ordinary lottery are more liable to misuse their windfalls or fall victim to scams.
I think OP is reasoning along these or similar lines: would those who did not have to invest a full $13.50 (at today's rates) to get coin — especially the early miners who sacrificed possibly pennies of electricity per BTC — personally, psychologically value them at $13.50 apiece today? Or would they view them as play money and thus worth "letting it ride" on riskier transactions?
@_date: 2012-12-01 07:00:07
@_date: 2012-12-14 11:54:41
Yeah, well I [randomly coined]( the hypothetical sub . And then went and done'd it. x3
@_date: 2012-05-12 01:28:53


To be fair, they are living, breathing proof that *some* users:
* Never update or maintain their PCs
* May not run any virus protection software or firewalls
* can't tell a sketchy advertisement from a legit download button when getting new software (or sometimes, can't tell "installing software" from "reading an email")
* Don't notice when their computer gets pwned, and keep using it for months afterwards before getting something done about it.
A majority of those points won't fit a majority of Bitcoin early adopters, so a PC can easily be within a magnitude or two as safe as physical home security (which still isn't perfect, either).
@_date: 2012-07-05 00:30:26
damnek's advice to use a Linux wallet will only protect you from automated viruses. Linux is a less popular platform for virus writers to try to infiltrate, and *since* linux users are (taken on average) more security conscious than windows users, virus writers will waste less time on that area.
But for directed attacks, it's meaningless. Without knowing more about your security, far and away the most likely scenario is that an attacker knew your mtgox password. They could know this either if they infiltrated a different website where you used the same password (for example, another bitcoin service website), or used key-logging or cross site scripting on your computer, or if someone you know personally has your password and betrayed you.
The likelihood a run-of-the-mill virus happened to keylog your mtgox password or xss your security token is pretty small in comparison to those attack vectors. Especially if you haven't been on mtgox in a month. I would audit your password-management policy, and see if that's where things broke or not. :/
@_date: 2012-10-29 09:52:32
I'm sorry. You're saying "the bank normally charges businesses a fee to provide the service to a business of accepting money on behalf of customers".
You're not saying why they have to charge a fee; what expenses they incur by accepting a third-party cash deposit that they do not incur by accepting the first-party cash deposits which they always offer for free. All you're saying is that they have a problem not getting their cut from this service pattern.
I perceive this as simple anti-competitive behavior, unless the bank is taking on some risk or expense for which they ought to be compensated by this fee they so desire.
@_date: 2012-09-25 23:24:12
That depends. I'd wager the longest firstbits is on the order of 6 digits, and churning out a 7 digit vanity address is still several orders of magnitude less power than churning out a bitcoin block. :J
@_date: 2012-07-18 22:58:47
Just tested, see no transactions. Must be manual or something?
@_date: 2012-12-31 21:43:54
You don't have to use the exchange methods offered by a wallet in order to put money in a wallet.
I for one do endorse blockchain.info as a wallet (especially for smaller amounts of walking around cash, and a downloadable wallet on your PC for larger amounts) but I've never used it's exchange features. They cost so much my brain has literally never considered those as an option, to be honest. xD
I personally use [VirWoX]( when I'm too lazy to go somewhere and just want to take money from credit card or paypal. Fees run about ~6% which is too high for many people on Reddit, and you have to register on the virtual world game [Secondlife]( to use VirWoX.
Other redditors have had good feedback about [Coinbase]( which works by linking your bank account and then using ACH to transfer fiat money back and forth to convert to Bitcoin. I only started having them try to link my account yesterday, so I'm still waiting to see how that turns out. But the fees are supposed to be a lot cheaper.
Other redditors also report back positively on [BitMe]( for anonymous, cash to bank deposit of fiat to Bitcoin. Not a lot of extra steps or waiting to get started with Bitme, just print off a deposit slip from them, take your cash to a ~~Wells Fargo or~~ Chase bank and follow the instructions on the slip. Your deposit should be credited on their site within the hour, then you exchange USD for Bitcoins and either send that to your blockchain.info wallet or if you're making your purchase right away you can send it straight to the merchant from there.
The path you want to take is to use an exchange to literally transform fiat money into bitcoins, and then send those bitcoins to your wallet for safekeeping (be that blockchain.info's wallet or your downloaded wallet software on your computer). This is similar to cashing a paycheck at a bank, and then depositing the cash into the trifold wallet in your pocket. :J
Also note that when you start using Bitcoins a lot, you'll be past the training wheel stage of converting Fiat into bitcoin fresh for every transaction and thus you'll be past going through that hassle for every transaction. Eventually you just keep a balance of Bitcoin to spend as needed (and spending Bitcoin is hella easy with those who accept it) and might even earn Bitcoin outright through sales on Bitmit or wages so that you won't have to convert from Fiat at all. :3
Edit: Bitme does Chase, but not Wells Fargo
@_date: 2012-12-12 23:27:24
But it's still as difficult to type as three.
Imagine encouraging someone to choose two email addresses they know instead of four dictionary words. It would be approximately the same entropy, but the email addresses would require quite a bit more typing.
@_date: 2012-11-05 01:22:48
Perhaps he means "in case somepony hacks the download servers", but you're right that "where are the keys stored?" would be an important question, then.
My guess? Key could be hidden in the download link URL, along with content index, and never written to disk. That would be a choice approach. :&gt;
@_date: 2012-10-19 11:43:16


Uh.. what makes you say that? The rewards for mining are two-fold.
Block rewards of newly minted coin only exist to help kick-start the system, while transaction volume is low. As time passes, transaction volume increases and block reward naturally decreases, miners will begin relying more on the second incentive method: transaction fees.
Every transaction optionally includes a voluntary fee. When you post a transaction, you do not have to offer a fee, and miners do not have to include your transaction in their block if they feel the fee you offer is too low. Today for example, many miners ignore zero-fee transactions while many more accept them, so you can post absolutely free transactions but they may take longer to get verified.
Tomorrow (eventually, when they feel like it), miners will begin setting positive thresholds for what fees they will accept, and folks submitting transactions will need to make sure their tx fee offering is sufficient to give them the rapid verification they desire. As block rewards slowly evaporate, tx fees will dominate the profits available to miners.
Finally, the total number of block rewards offered to the mining network, plus the total amount of tx fees offered is a fixed value relative to how many gigahash of mining miners globally invest. So whenever the rewards are not worth the mining work, miners will naturally relax their efforts (by large operations scaling back, or small operators shutting down) until the rewards per gigahash raise to cover average costs once more.


That is the basic, minimum use value I am mentioning, yes. On par with "gold makes jewelry and electronics" and "USD pays taxes". All three of these have myriad other, less guaranteed values layered on top of the basic anchor demands.


No, not many at all. Bitcoins are only issued once per block, and [over the past year, blocks have averaged 100-200 transactions apiece]( and the [ratio of revenue earned by miners to the volume of transaction they notarize has averaged 4%]( Thus, 96% of BTC notarized and 99.25% of individual transactions notarized were "issuance of new coin".


What gives the coins value is the fact that they are the only specie which miners can be paid (today in newly minted block rewards, smoothly transitioning tomorrow into directly paid tx fees) to remunerate them for validating other people's transactions.
I hope this explanation helps a bit more? :3
@_date: 2012-08-11 00:52:36
This arises from a misunderstanding about what, precisely, is "traceable".
When you put a transaction on the network, that transction is publicly visible. It includes your public key and your IP address. Compare this with a bank transaction, where the information is semi-private (known only to the bank and to Law Enforcement on request) but includes everything about your identity down to your mom's maiden name.
Now your public key is only "further traceable" if people can work out how the money got to that account (tracing back through previous transactions) or if you've posted that key alongside your real identity somewhere. "Hai! My name is Jacob, donate some coins to 1XYZ :D" and your IP address is traceable through regular methods, like what I posted above. Mind you I was tracing the IP of the miner who notarized the transaction, not OP who submitted the txn.
You can obfuscate your public key (and how it really got it's money) through a mixing service. You can obfuscate your IP address through a proxy or onion router like Tor.
So bitcoin allows people **who know what they are doing** to move money untraceably. This is why Silk Road is so popular and difficult for Law Enforcement to stem. But if people do not take steps to cover their trail, then Bitcoin does not **guarantee** anyone anonymity. As OP discovered, Bitcoin is every bit powerful enough and it's client software choices are unpolished enough to allow the unwary to shoot their feet clean off. :P
@_date: 2012-12-12 13:21:11
So like, your birthday or your anniversary or the name of your daughter would be tight, eh? eh?
That's never gone badly for *anybody* before. xD
@_date: 2012-09-06 22:56:23
Looks like you might have your wish, I've got a 15 minute old email saying ACH withdrawls are now open again. :D
@_date: 2012-08-02 04:59:49
My first deposit I forgot the photo, I just emailed them and they still put it through.
The danger is, if 10 people all deposit the exact same amount into the same bank account, perhaps one of them without remembering to even hit the website first, then how will bitfloor know who to credit for each deposit? :3
@_date: 2012-12-13 20:22:18
I agree with avsa. Trouble with localbitcoins.com is what happens if the only person near the airport you're arriving at is a flake? When I traveled to Portland in July, while there I tried contacting both of the LBC postings listed. One was completely unresponsive, the other kept flaking out on meeting up.
I'd hate to hinge all of my spending money, including potentially cab fair on whether someone I probably don't know is going to show up in exchange for potentially a few percent of transaction fee. At least not at our present level of establishment.
Now if somebody is setting up ATMs? Then they're going to list the locations the ATMs are at somewhere online, and you can be assured the device will be operational, give or take maintenance windows 24/7.
You're also more likely to get pairs of ATMs set up at opposite ends of common flight routes, so people who don't even know bitcoin (and aren't brokering deals online) can see the ATM at near side, and read it's advertisement of which remote terminals exist waiting for them at far side destinations.
For me, the fun question becomes "how do you insure the funds?" give someone a QR code, they will lose it or tear it and ruin it or heaven knows what, then they'll want to sue (or escalate through support levels with) the ATM keepers to reclaim their money. Without the code, you'd need an alternate method to authenticate them to redeem lost funds.. not a fun problem for my mind to tackle! xD
@_date: 2012-12-12 04:03:23
Yep, waiting will do it. In exchange for the tiny bit of interaction though, you can also im [the bot](and issue it commands and get things to happen right away, like these lifted from it's [help documentation](
 * Accepts pending transactions to you so they will not be reversed.
 * Returns pending transactions to you to the sender if possible.
@_date: 2012-08-11 01:20:17
Aww, how come I can't sell my local pawn shops on it? I have tried. :O
There's one that won't even do credit card business (curses about the fees, lol) but still eyeballs you funny if you bring up Bitcoin. I think they just aren't fond of computerboxes. x3
@_date: 2012-10-24 02:55:50
[VirWoX]( is able to pull it off, but only because they filter through [Secondlife]( Users trade USD (or EU or GPB or etc) for Linden Dollars, then buy BTC with the Lindens. VirWoX thus essentially gains another layer of [KYC]( and fraud detection to help diffuse the possibility of chargebacks or stolen cards.
@_date: 2012-12-23 08:43:41
I don't think something as simple as celebrity endorsement could derail Bitcoin.
For example, the Canadian Mint tried over the past year to market it's own digital cash currency called "mintchip". The collective Internet more or less laughed them off the podium for backing a horse so far inferior to Bitcoin.
Bitcoin is in an established state similar to Facebook. You would need to offer something overwhelmingly superior before anyone would want to abandon the incumbent system for the newcomer.
@_date: 2012-11-15 06:57:55
I invented the character "Jack" to simplify the nature of the specific problem I'm asking about: "Are there unique vulnerabilities to an attacker who gets practically unlimited licence to externalize his liability".
Counterfeiting makes all other holders of that currency bear your liabilities. If you counterfeit a $100 bill with perfect efficiency (eg, zero cost) then you gain value when you trade it for a lolipop by being up one lolipop and down zero cost. Whoever sold you the lolipop sure feels like they've gained value too, on the backs of the remaining fiat-holding population who are now out a cool $100 of purchasing power.
Because of that, one literally cannot assume an attacker values the dubious "wealth" in his possession, and thus cannot be swayed by it's opportunity cost. That changes his attack potentiality.
A wealthy person with $1billion USD might not attack bitcoin because he would lose whatever money he threw at it. An attack worth $X to him has to cost less than $X to pencil out. A "perfect" counterfeiter (zero cost, cannot be caught no matter how bold he is, values USD reputation too much to destroy *it* because that's his meal ticket..) will value the reputation of his pwnt currency system but not the specific notes in his possession. He'll be perfectly happy to spend 1000x expected returns on an attack because he's not the one stuck with the tab.
@_date: 2012-12-24 22:39:15


I agree dis sux0r, it used to be so convenient! T\^T
But I am told that [BitMe]( does the same now. I just haven't had a chance to use it yet, as I'm not liable to have any more fiat coins to rub together until tax returns. x3
@_date: 2012-11-17 00:38:30
I tried putting this in the imgur title and description, since RES normally shows those, but somehow got the .jpg url posted intsead of the regular one which defeated that benefit. :O
Stateless Sweets' fudge from Bitcoin Friday sale came in the mail today!
Apparently I get a handful of chocolate hard candy samples, too. :D
@_date: 2012-10-24 00:10:04
As much as I'd like to find a definitive document online to demystify the theory, I can't. There's [BIP0011]( (Status: accepted) and [BIP0019]( (Status: draft), but they don't do great to describe the concept to a newbie, and I don't even know how well adopted they are on the network (to me, it looks like "not at all" :P)
My interpretation of the theory is as follows. (anyone's free to correct me if I'm lousing anything up. :B)
Normally, you create a private/public keypair and an address, which is linked to the public key. So when anyone sends money to your single-owner address, you can then publish your public key along with a transaction signed by your private key to spend funds. All observers can confirm that your public key speaks for that address, in turn representing that you control the private key you're not publishing. 
In an M-of-N or Multisig transaction, many parties who don't necessarily trust one another pool together their efforts to form a "shared account". N parties share data with one another, in a spirit similar to the [Diffie–Hellman key exchange]( in order to arrive at a shared address. No one party (assuming M&gt;1) can sign a transaction that is valid to spend funds held at that address, but M parties can. M &lt;= N.
Normal Bitcoin addresses could be viewed as functionally similar to "1-of-1". 1 party makes an address, and any one of that person can spend from it. :P
1-of-2 would imply two people make an address, and either one can spend from it by themselves. This is functionally similar to creating a keypair and then simply sharing the full pair with another party. That even works for 1-of-N for any N.
2-of-2 is a popular solution for a "Wallet Protection Service". Two parties work together to create an address, but both parties would have to come back together — by each signing a transaction in turn — in order to spend off the funds at that address. If a single person is afraid of getting hacked, they could collaborate with a highly secure service, providing "WPS", to create two shares of the secret needed to spend off funds to a single address. Then customer could contact WPS with a transaction signed by their half of the key, along with pre-arranged proof of identity, and WPS could thus authorize the spend; helping to secure these funds from attackers without fully yielding the funds to WPS in a way where they could obscond with your money (because they don't have your necessary half of the secret).
2-of-3 and other permutations are popular solutions to the Escrow problem. Buyer, Seller, and fairly reputable and disinterested Escrow provider join forces to establish a multisig address with 3 parts, where only 2 of the parts have to sign off to spend the funds. If Buyer and Seller reach equitable agreement (either goods delivered, buyer yields funds to seller, or goods fail, and seller gracefully yields funds to buyer) then funds move along with zero further intervention from Escrow agent. If Buyer and Seller fall into dispute, then Escrow agent can settle dispute and decide which of any proposed pre-signed transactions he will finalize with his share of the key (including "send all funds to buyer", ".. to seller", or "split funds according to complicated way someone proposes". :P) or propose his own solutions via pre-signed transaction that either co-operative participant can then bless.
In this Escrow system, Buyer is not required to yield funds completely to Escrow party. Escrow party could be paid in advance for his services, or afterwards, or even as part of the two pre-signed transactions (95% to seller, 5% to escrow vs 95% refund to buyer, 5% to escrow) before funds even get dumped into the escrow address. Aside from these prescribed remuneration avenues, Escrow party has no method to embezzle the funds in escrow. Only to bless transactions at least one of the other parties have also signed. :3
I think even larger M's and N's would be nice to solve many problems: but neither BIP0011 nor BIP0019's approaches appear to support N's larger than 3. I could see cloud-escrow solutions, where instead of one escrow provider, a buyer and seller contract out to a bunch for the same transaction, and the escrow parties could "vote". That idea has it's own pros and cons. ;3
2-of-3 can also be used in WPS, where you could subscribe to two different WPS providers, and move your funds to a fresh address whenever one of the two WPS go out of business (betting against the likelihood both would at the same time) or to balance third party WPS with your own cold storage efforts.
The possibilities are multifold, but I personally believe Bitcoin needs an in-built escrow system in order to provide assets the same level of transactional security between self-interested, untrusted parties as the currency itself already enjoys. 
@_date: 2012-11-02 23:16:19
Have you checked all PC's you've ever typed that password into for malware?
@_date: 2012-12-07 01:38:22
I've personally never tried setting up a VirWoX account without a matching, well established in-game account, but other redditors have chimed in to say that they have established CC/Paypal relations with VirWox without ever stepping foot in-game. :3
If you do have lindens already in-game, then you will need to use the game client and an in-world ATM to deposit those to VirWoX; that step can't be done via any website. That includes if you want to buy Lindens via the SL website (in my experience, no substantial change in fees vs exchanging on VirWoX) Withdrawal from VirWoX to game does not require going in-world, nor does trading SLL-&gt;USD on Secondlife's site or sending USD on balance with Secondlife directly to Paypal through their mechanism.
@_date: 2012-12-21 23:32:53
Sounds like a good reason to become a "bitcoin level" donor to the bitcointip bot. :3
 LEVEL GIFTS:](
**BITCOIN LEVEL** (Give **2 BTC** or more):
 * Tip in any subreddit. (Hopefully this will be open to everyone in the future, but only a small number while beta testing.)
@_date: 2012-10-02 00:25:19
But you can always attribute failure to stupidity, so that's a cop-out.
12 word long passwords are awfully inconvenient, especially just to check balances. How many lay users are going to do that?
Method does not defend against keyloggers. Method is less secure than encrypted wallet file, since keylogger doesn't even need to transfer a file to pwn you. At least encrypted file requires attacker to have two attack vectors operational in tandem. :P
This method looks at "speed, security, simplicity" and chooses none of them.
OP: If you want to balance the three to secure modest balances, go with blockchain.info wallet app. Runs on mobile or your computer, but uses an encrypted wallet file. Wallet file has options to back up to dropbox or Google Drive. Use their secondary password feature (one password to check balances, and a second password to further secure spending). Similar security profile to bitcoin-qt, but encrypted wallet does not sit around on-disk and the convenience is significantly higher.
If you need to secure larger balances, there is no replacement for a blackbelt in information security. You are keeping an 80 byte string secret to maintain instantaneous control over a financial instrument against attackers from anywhere in the world. It's the information security equivalent of storing gold bars in your bedroom. The more you invest in a safe or in armed guards or in trusting these funds with someone worthy of that trust, the easier you can breathe.
This is in fact how banks were invented in the first place: average folk don't want the responsibility of maintaining their own security, and to be honest it is an economy of scale. It's simply cheaper per dollar secured to put ten people's wealth in one badass vault than for them to split off and get ten crappy vaults.
For now, bitcoin is the wild west and the people who have the most luck will be the ones with the experience to make the fewest errors. The more hours we as users log perfecting practices and launching cool new businesses and procedures however, the more ease and peace of mind we can offer for lay users as time passes. :3
@_date: 2012-12-21 00:51:13
But if merchandise doesn't precede payment, then why would the buyer need a reputation? What risk could seller possibly carry if I'm sending him my chargeback-proof bitcoins before he ships the good? Payment (in any hard currency) prior to shipment should prove to be a zero-trust-required-of-buyer proposition.
@_date: 2012-10-18 01:13:15
I want cupcakes now. Is this just an example, or are there really cupcakes to be had for coin? T-T
@_date: 2012-08-28 23:51:30
Paypal has a nasty habit of freezing business accounts, preventing them from moving funds, or closing accounts and just eating all the tasty funds on a whim.
Paypal has to be backed by a credit card or bank account in order to perform many of it's operations. Many people, whether or not they choose to be honest in their tax accounting, just cannot get a bank account.
@_date: 2012-12-12 15:50:05
Except that they wouldn't. 
Firstly, he is advocating a *public* salt:


So if an attacker knows this data, he can throw it into his brute force combinatuer. 
If he doesn't, then he's liable to have all of the ingredients used in your salt (common names, numbers from dates, domain names of email providers) in the combinatuer; especially if a pattern like Rotsor suggests becomes popular. Then you're only adding another word or two of entropy, and less than that if these atoms are checked with higher priority than obscure english words.
You're not going to make anything any easier to remember unless you're adding genuine entropy to offset the bits of the password you would have to cut down on to gain ease of memory.
EDIT: My favorite example is Qwest likes to use subscriber's telephone number as default WPA2 passphrase. Guess how easy that is to brute force? My computer can test 10^9 (the entire NANP telephone number space) against a single saved WPA-encrypted packet in under a minute.
@_date: 2012-08-25 01:23:36
Perhaps, but [many people]( wish to deprecate cash and make everyone go completely electronic too; and citing similar reasons. :J
At the end of the day, I think there are just many people uncomfortable with the idea that individuals may have options available to them to facilitate untraceable movements of wealth. That's all that [Money Laundering]( really is, anyway.
@_date: 2012-11-12 00:28:33


Alright, so what if the ~~seller~~ advertiser is already a storefront? I'm a WISP, I direct ~~buyers~~ clients to just show up at my business. I already accept cash for my WISP customers, so accepting cash in exchange for sending someone BTC carries no overhead for me. Buying BTC (which I also do) is just as fast, unless they need a volume of cash from me higher than I normally keep on-hand, and then I only need the time to first visit an ATM.
Why would this represent an unusual strain on my time? Even if it did, why would accepting a minor loss between time spent and transaction fees not be suitable to write off as charity to the viability of our fledgling network? At least until transaction volume reaches conspicuous levels? (I've advertised for several months, at market rate to kick things off, 150mi+ from the nearest advert, and still have yet to get a bite. ;3)
The continued value of the coin that I hold and the coin-related projects I invest in is tied largely to how favorable the market is to mundanes. I believe it will inevitably take off, of course. But I'm only delaying that success if I gouge people for no reason other than to realize quick returns on my "time". :P
@_date: 2012-11-02 02:18:21
I wonder if Bitfloor should just convert these debts into a new commodity they could trade directly. :O
@_date: 2012-10-26 04:56:04
And what, precisely guarantees that $20 of value?
@_date: 2012-12-01 11:39:53
Yep, but I guess my point isn't that the market cap has to increase before that transaction would happen. In all practical concerns, that is true because trying to corner the bitcoin market would guarantee significant attentuation.. but my point was that any attempt to buy said bitcoins backed by unlimited resources and zero traces of sanity would in fact force the market cap up, thus the unit value as a side effect. :J
Truth told, the price would feel so many depressive forces that you'd put in one bil and cap would shrink past a bil, so you might need to dump in closer to 2 or 3 bil just to maintain a street value for the coins you do control which maintains at greater than 1 bil. Think of it as a wicked commission fee levied by the community I guess, who would all be getting fabulously wealthy off of your 60-75% losses. xD
But then once the coins move and the seller wishes to cash out, his sale will depress the market and he'll be lucky and need to know some fancy footwork just to get 1 bil back out again.
If Bitcoin market cap succeeds in surpassing many billions, then that specific transaction would be less harrowing to pull off, yes. x3
@_date: 2012-07-09 03:30:17
Why, bitcoin hackers are afraid of free money or something?
I would imagine, if someone grows confident enough over their codebase to put say 150BTC (~$1,000usd at today's rates) into the sandbox then any hacker who feels like it's less than 150BTC worth of effort for them to take it will take it. Offer another 50+BTC just to explain how they did it, more free money and even easier to get.
Dev just paid $1,300 usd for solid and demonstrably useful advice on how to tighten his code, or risked $1,000 usd over X period of time to prove the code can secure that much cash in the wild. Hacker just got paid $1,300 usd to do what he perceives as less than that much work, plus bad-ass publicity and bragging rights. Win win.
@_date: 2012-12-08 11:29:41
What if you verify your credentials just to the mods, and hold them in confidence, and then get some flair or summat?
If it's good enough for the girls, it ought to do the trick here too, right? ;3
@_date: 2012-10-23 13:15:57


Yis, that was where I first learnt about the oncoming possibility m-of-n. x3


I'm reading the links you and Julian have provided, but if an Esrow service wanted to support 2-of-3, for example,  how much effort would it be for them to ease the use for clients?
I know Bitcoin-qt has a "sign arbitrary message" feature, for example. Could Escrow service just offer a string customer could sign, until better client support materializes?
Perhaps some escrow or WPS providers pushing use of M-of-N could help goad developers into supporting it, as well as demonstrating some real world use cases to guide their designs?
@_date: 2012-10-07 06:45:11
Sounds like someone is trying to demonstrate that they can perform substantial work to support the bitcoin network with a mobile, wireless connection and charged UPS battery from out in the middle of nowhere.
And it's a fair point to make, could a Visa or Paypal node with such meager connection and power resources located in such a remote environment offer a comparable contribution to their respective payment networks?
Basically, every Bitcoin miner could unanimously decide to hermit it up in the woods, in cabins, tents, hostels, etc (for example, should legal conditions stop being favorable to mining activities) and they would still be able to notarize payments and be compensated for their contribution regardless of societal ostricization. :3
@_date: 2012-12-09 03:03:32
I'm sorry, I don't see a wikipedia policy that says that subjects have to be older than X years before they are exempt from having hearsay posted in their articles.
@_date: 2012-10-20 01:16:29
I've done smaller amounts of business successfully there. :3  But perhaps by "work" he means "without business interruptions like this"?
@_date: 2012-07-12 04:49:55
My bitcoin stream is currently a pond. :P  too few places for it to trickle out, though I have perfected multiple methods of liquidating it if/when I'd ever want to.
I'd really like to be able to easily buy steam games with it, or pay utilities or something so that I'm washing fresh cash in there and it flows naturally back out again, and so that those balances are not so many steps removed from practical purchases. :3
Unfortunately not many opportunities to do that with so few well known brokers to ease the transactions. Bitcoin loses it's "don't have to trust other parties" flair when there are so few organizations you can trust to complete the purchase half of the transaction reliably. Those you can trust are shy of PR or low volumes to accept btc, and those who accept btc have no reputation so they might scarper. No federated WoT I know of yet (or I'd try building my own rep there), etc.
So instead I'm normally the broker, take other folks' bitcoin and pay for things out of my paypal or cc on their behalf. Works well and I make tidy profit doing so, I just wish I could spend BTC on more possibilities besides other moneys, drugs and alpaca socks sometimes. Gets boring. x3
@_date: 2012-09-21 20:15:36
only cheaper to those who are interested in holding bitcoin long enough for it to appreciate beyond the fees.
@_date: 2012-09-11 01:49:04
That's my understanding too, but [I'm too lazy]( to look it up right now, so I left that as an exercise to GP.
@_date: 2012-07-14 04:16:42
I've been doing loads of this, also trading back and forth between VirWoX and The Rock when their prices fall out of synch. :B
@_date: 2012-06-09 02:07:55
Gas, groceries, taxes, utilities, games on steam, dining, that sort of thing. :3
Not saying these things "absolutely" cannot be purchased in BTC, but they are orders of magnitude more work to do (and in most cases "sell the BTC fr USD, then pay in USD" is always the simplest solution).
@_date: 2012-12-11 23:32:04
The cost of buying those non-redeemable game accessories from the retailer has increased versus the US dollar.
Not to defend USD or anything, it's just that this approach is reeeally misleading. ;3
@_date: 2012-10-31 11:41:36
*nods*. I get so many articles that are rehashes of the whitepaper that I just spot check the article in a handful of places to see if they're doing anything obviously off-base. This guy's research appears lax (incorrectly talks about inherent anonymity for example) but otherwise appears generally accurate.
His use of the English language is certainly strange and stilted, though. It's obviously not his primary language, but beyond how misleading the blog title is (copied unceremoniously into the reddit link title) it never really gets in the way of my grokking what author meant to say. :3
@_date: 2012-10-13 10:21:31


Just curious if you'd toyed with that [Selfstarter.us]( opensource, forkable crowdfunding codebase the doorlock people started last week? I'm interested in your thoughts on that. :3
@_date: 2012-05-12 01:24:26


Sounds like the same instruments as always to me. Look up "trust fund". :P
@_date: 2012-08-22 02:49:41
Shorting. :J
@_date: 2012-11-22 11:04:58
[I'm helping :D](
@_date: 2012-10-28 01:30:31


Yeah, I just had to check and make sure I'd posted that disclaimer. x3
@_date: 2012-05-09 01:49:28
Reach is one thing, but bitcoin relies on the cost principal.
To whit, how much is a government willing to *invest* in trying to overthrow the network? How much raw cash will it throw at that goal? How can it realize returns on that investment?
And of course, how could it invest the requisite capital without thrusting the system further into the limelight? :3
@_date: 2012-11-05 02:03:56
Too bad Clarmoody not show graphs for every market, I loved that about bitcoincharts. :(
Was easier to keep track of [VirWoX's]( history that way, because they nevar show you their history themslevs. :P
@_date: 2012-10-19 03:01:44
* The limitation of [other parties deciding what wealth you can or cannot transfer]( (Hey, I first learned about Bitcoin when Visa et al began blockading Wikileaks.)
* The limitation of [other parties having the capacity to freeze, or outright appropriate your wealth]( on a whim. (That's a trick [Paypal]( is famous for, btw..)
* The limitation that wealth cannot be transferred over distance without first yielding it to third parties; with their own prejudices, regulations and conflicts of interest. (including, in the US, horrendous wire transfer fees and ACH delays)
But I understand, you view each of these as non-issues because unless/until you are personally raped by the mainstream financial system, their interests will continue coincidentally aligning with yours, and it would be foolish not to trust people who just happen share your values at this precise moment. :3
I mentioned Facebook before, and we see the same phenomena there. Why not entrust every intimate detail of my life with a privately held third party financed by ad sales? Sharing my life with people any other way is *too hard*, and it's not like Zuckerburg is going to blackmail me or ruin my life.. so what if he might be able to? I'm still bringing in too much ad revenue for him to risk it.
And that will never change! :D
@_date: 2012-11-28 18:50:38
A good way to look at it, is like the training wheels coming off your bike.
Sure, now you're getting less artificial support. But it's your chance to prove your natural properties are enough to keep you running. :)
One might say the Bitcoin economy is an onion skin of these particular training wheels, but this halving represents 50% of artificial mining incentive being shed in favor of encouraging genuine, community supported transaction fees to replace it. :3
@_date: 2012-10-19 21:17:26
I don't see how I am deriding anyone, or how I am being condescending. 
If you also feel I am being paranoid, then there's basically nothing left to fight for. Bitcoin is a monetary system designed primarily to mitigate or eliminate counterparty risk in online transactions between unknown parties. lucasjkr, and basically everyone I've argued against in the past few days has put forward the position that counterparty risk is already a solved problem in the mainstream financial system, since it is standard practice for all parties to yield control over 100% of their finances to large, globally trusted entities such as the Federal Reserve, VISA and Paypal who are then in a position to settle all disputes at their own discretion, and in their own best interests.
If that's good enough for 99.9% of the world's population, from the poor to the wealthy, then one *would* have to be paranoid to sacrifice costs and convenience simply to try to gain a degree of valueless personal autonomy.
So I'm sorry, I'm no longer exactly in a mood to champion anything.
@_date: 2012-05-08 09:11:26
OTOH, at least for today, Bitcoin is a small enough ecosystem that paying your plumber in bitcoins might be one of the few real transaction opportunities available. ;D
@_date: 2012-12-12 13:56:45
Step 1: don't send any bitcoins to your home computer wallet until your bitcoin-qt software syncs. You won't be able to (easily) spend them again until after the sync completes.
Step 2: Read over the [Bitcointip Bot Help Documentation]( You can accept the tip, retip to other people, or even spend bitcoin to the world straight out of your bitcointip bot balance. 
Basically, the bot is a temporary wallet all by itself. Fine short term choice too, while you wait for your blockchain to sync on your own computer. :D
EDIT: If you are concerned about the bot going down and raining on your bitcoin learnin', you can also use it's "createwallet" command so it can create a blockchain.info wallet directly linked to your bitcointip balance, and keep access to those funds even when the bot is being monkey wrenched by it's creator. ;3
@_date: 2012-08-10 11:34:50
I wonder why nobody has filed civil suit against them then? Is it because it would take a kiwi national claimaint to get any traction there? :3
I'll bet if a US firm gave this a shot, they'd be an easier target in case of embezzlement (or hacking or incompetence or any of the above) and as long as there are obviously no easy paths for funny business, then it should be easier for the public to accept such an option.
Furthermore, the same people who got burned the first time don't have to be the ones bellying up to the new bar in order for the shorting service to have an impact on smoothing the economy. :3
@_date: 2012-07-29 01:19:52
Even more likely possibilities:
1) There is no such guy, they made up the incident for the press release. (I don't see any leads in the article which give more details on the incident in question)
2) They arrested a guy for drug charges, *and then* found out that he was a silk road user, and figured out how to spin the bust as though they were directly attacking silk road, tor, and/or bitcoin. :P
@_date: 2012-12-31 19:14:00
Basically, all you are saying in the borrowing example is that the practical interest rates are skewed by the alleged increase in purchasing power of the currency over time, and that investments have to outperform the price index.
But investments already have to outperform the price index. For example if the USD loses 50% of it's purchasing power every year, then my investments have to make *more than* 50% dividends per annum in order to outperform any other basic commodity like Gold. Inflation in the currency does not add to the attractiveness of an investment, in any means other than enabling the ability to pull the wool over the eyes of suckers who forget to factor currency inflation into their investments. :/
@_date: 2012-11-06 01:00:49
And the makers of bitcoin software plan to move to higher divisibility if the need arises, and there is no expected dissent if they publish that software making it the new standard. (compare to "changing the ultimate BTC max from 21 mil to another number", and nobody would agree to run THAT variant. xD) By way of this, a better way to say it might be "indefinitely divisible".
Regardless, at 8 digits nobody can buy every satoshi from every present holder, no matter how sneaky they are. :P
@_date: 2012-11-29 16:58:05
[And then this happens]( x3
@_date: 2012-09-23 14:29:55
That doesn't mean this seller *used* that feature, however. I've run into one seller who has admitted precisely that mistake to me. :3
@_date: 2012-12-19 21:23:15
AlpineWolf's stackexchange explanation is correct, but IMO overly verbose and confusing.
Here it is simpler, I assume you already know about how wallet "accounts" just bundle together all the addresses in your wallet, and each address has received whatever funds it has, and your balance is all of these combined.
So when you want to spend, each address has one (or more!) "unspent outputs". That means, times it has received a wad of dough. When you want to spend money, the client gathers together however many of these unspent outputs it needs, from however many addresses it needs to (sometimes more than one) to cover the money you're trying to send out, plus transaction fees.
But the way the protocol works, it can't just spend part of an unspent output. It has to spend the whole thing, so it just decides on a new address to capture that remaining "change". Some clients like Blockchain.info by default spend it right back into the sending address. That's easy to understand, but also easy for attackers to use to analyze what you're up to. The default client creates a brand new address every single time, to try to be all secret squirrel. :3
@_date: 2012-08-20 02:35:11
Good call sir, I've replied at lmf so he knows too. :D
@_date: 2012-10-12 22:05:57


No, I understand the theory behind dispute resolution organizations. There is of course power behind enforcing contracts via ostracism from profitable commerce. However my view is that such power is finite.
Much like you cannot use a vacuum-pump to draw water higher than 35 feet (limited by atmospheric pressure which does all the "pushing") you cannot draw compliance from individual entities by witholding commerce which they perceive as less valuable to them than non-compliance would be.
Violent conflict remains the last line of defense (or offense, for those who wish to impose their will in order to see gains) and anarchy offers no provision to prevent feudalism or mercantilism at this level.


I think this sounds accurate. However, this primitive-sounding approach also allows the power base to shift with the winds of opinion in a way which partially resists power settling in the hands of one regime insulated from popular suffering. At least, it requires a lot more effort from the corrupt to maintain the theater required to keep opinion under their control than most other systems anyone has devised.


Might I have a list? My concern is: did these exist at the nation-state level, or did they rely heavily upon the stability of an otherwise functioning government with a contemporary political system?
True Anarchy — as close to a non-artificial state of affairs as you can really have — exists in many places on the globe, today. I often hear Somalia pointed out as a fine example. I am curious what obstacles prevent anarcho-capitolists from taming that wild with their inexorable doctrine? The rest of the world certainly would not interfere if you tried, there. Your efforts would easily earn our support! And then you would have a fine beachhead from which to convert many if not all other regions.


I agree that Bitcoin is politially a very potent catalyst. It will enable patterns which might have been difficult or impossible without it. I do not think the entire pantheon of voluntarist/anarchist doctrine can be supported by just this one political technology. I agree it does help, but I contend you would need a laundry list of more game changing technologies to close that gap.
@_date: 2012-11-30 22:41:41
Technom4ge was kicked by jgarzik (Catch-22 states that agents enforcing Catch-22 need not prove that Catch-22 actually contains whatever provision the accused violator is accused of violating.)
@_date: 2012-07-23 07:38:15
In English, there are tons of examples where "or" is carelessly used as an inclusive. One being a negated list.
"I don't want to go outside, because it might be raining or I might get mugged!"
Speaker is not inferring that the permutation where he gets mugged in the rain would be acceptable to him in the slightest. x3
Still, "not sure if" Fry certainly implies an xor. :P
@_date: 2012-12-23 09:30:22
Look at it like the "bar tab" scenario. Alice runs up a tab through the night at the bar, up to $50, then Bob stops by because they're all going to see a show together. Bob notices Alice's tab, and owe's her $30 anyway so he pays part of that tab. Or maybe he pays all of it and Alice now owes him $20, if he knows she's good for it.
That's a circumstance where that bar was already extending credit to that patron. There is a risk she could have snuck away, though getting away with it would be nontrivial and the Bar has arranged it's affairs such that the slim risk is worth taking for the added convenience of not counting out dollars and cents for every beer (tabs in this form were more common before the advent of Credit Cards..).
Other establishments have reward cards and refillable gift cards. Some even issue straight-up credit cards. Ripple just means that a friend can piggyback on your credit with the company up to the amount of credit you extend to them.
@_date: 2012-10-05 03:08:50
GP wasn't saying "it takes a theif to ever use PayPal to reverse charges", he was saying "The theives in these instances utilized PayPal's feature to reverse charges in these cases".
I see it as an impedance mismatch. Trading something which you can directly control (bitcoin, gold, ebay items) for something you can't (PayPal balances) means you will have a bad time.
@_date: 2012-12-03 04:34:51
I'm not sure where I fit on the political spectrum. I support Obama and Clinton over Romney and Bush Jr, though. 
I think a lot of people get some pretty deeply entrenched us versus them mantra when it comes to politics. Like, unless you support every little thing this person supports, you must want fluffy baby kittens to die. :P
I'm not an anarchist and it turns out I'm not a libertarian. I do believe that either Government, "the" state, or some extra-market organizations are doomed to always exist and to oligopolize violence, because violence (crime, war, cheating, deep ideological disputes, etc) necessarily distorts the market and thus it's one of many things that cannot be managed directly by the market.
My personal guiding principal is one of autonomy. I simply feel that the best governor of any aspect of the world can be determined by maximizing: familiarity with that aspect of the world, multiplied by competence. Since each of us are maximally familiar with ourselves, moreso than any other sentient beings, the entire world is made a better place if we are allowed control over our own destinies.
The sphere of influence around ourselves best governed by us is influenced by our competence, and by the multiplied competence and proximity of others. The less competent we are, the less efficient it is for us to govern matters farther and farther removed from our personal affairs as they stray into the domain of either the proximity or competence of another person or organization.
That said, I believe that any pair of people ought to be able to establish any transaction or communication that they both choose to, without the interference of any other parties. It has been historically difficult to guarantee this over a distance without cryptography, since you must always rely on third parties to relay your messages, and third parties could choose to actively interfere with messages based upon their content in order to exercise a measure of intrusive control.
So I support newer technologies like Bitcoin, Tor, PGP, Cryptocat, and BitTorrent for allowing individuals to establish communications, transactions and contracts while also slicing down the domain of potential disputes which could occur or require arbitration. 
Basically, I think that transforming the possible via advancements of technology is a superior method to defining public policy in place of forging political agreements to artificially limit the possible.
@_date: 2012-12-22 09:56:30
That sounds perfect. I've also mulled it over and concluded that the warning shant be needed prior to deposit, or anything obnoxious like that. "testing a small amount" is easily enough done at first cash out attempt, so putting the warning at cash out should be all that's required. People who don't want to test anything or want to skimp on extra txn fees can jolly well go fetch a safe cashout address to paste in. ;3
I'd also recommend mentioning somewhere what cashout transaction fee you use (I think it's 0.001btc per kb?) It sounds like a perfectly reasonable amount to me and I wasn't surprised atol, but I don't recall noticing it displayed anywhere and it helps the OCD folk to give all the data needed to account for every satoshi before decisions are made. :3
Keep up the good work, sir! :D
+tip .04btc
@_date: 2012-12-20 20:36:22
And as such, it's not seemly to stoop to that level, either.
@_date: 2012-12-14 20:27:57
Google's not my friend, budday!
@_date: 2012-11-08 09:38:40
They already can. Kid needs either a phone with him, or print off a QR code from computer, but just scan it with your phone and send him coin. x3
@_date: 2012-04-28 22:52:35
I seriously wonder now, are there any places where freelance developers and businesses can get together to commission coding projects, for BTC or for regular monies? 
I have opportunity to participate on both sides of that kind of thing. :O
The advantage of BTC of course being easy micropayment .. and facilitating the base BTC software ecosystem (people making vending machines and ecommerce platforms and escrows, oh my!)
@_date: 2012-10-19 11:26:28


And we are, we just don't have to put up with concern trolls.
@_date: 2012-12-18 21:04:55
Ya, who is "we"? x3
Do you represent a specific company hammering out a CC offering, or do you mean "The community" is ruminating some more options?
Because AFAIK, the community has basically given up on buying hard, anonymous currencies like Bitcoin via Credit Card.
@_date: 2012-12-25 13:44:53
@_date: 2012-09-18 20:25:16
You haven't repeated a word, but you're welcome to stop defending this proposal if you stop thinking of ways to prop it up.
Transaction fees won't start carrying the Bitcoin network until it *stops* printing significant amounts of new currency. Until then, transaction fees aren't lucrative enough to pay the electricity bills. Likely, until then there won't exist powerful enough mining gear to secure the network with sufficient power efficiency, either.
If you stopped minting new money on the Bitcoin network today, then at current transaction volume folks would have to pay up to $4 per transaction to guarantee miners the same income they see today. That would effectively kill the economy. 
So, lets say we magically grant your idea 20TH of free, decentralized mining. You've claimed the Fed pegging this Ecash value to the USD magically makes it accepted worldwide. How exactly? If I want to pay for something on eBay or Amazon or SmallBusinessInBelgium, they accept Visa and Paypal today, who in turn charge 3.5-5% transaction fees off the top. What compels merchants to start accepting this new digital currency? How can those merchants then turn that FedEcash into money they can pay their bills with? Does the Fed simply force VISA out of business, or force them to proxy a new payment system where VISA doesn't get paid?
Then let's say we magically give you acceptance, too. Now the Fed runs a digital cash pegged to the dollar that they can mint freely. There's a bunch of volunteer miners doing cryptographic work, and a lot of complexity compared to a central ledger. Now, what advantage does the Fed get from any of this cryptographic complexity versus central ledger? It simply proves the fed isn't counterfeiting transactions. But why would anyone care about the Fed counterfeiting transactions when they're printing new money (both USD and FedEcash) on a whim to begin with?
@_date: 2012-12-29 13:22:30
This article doesn't do the best job of clarifying which quoted or bolded claims are true and which ones are false. To a newbie who honestly doesn't know which way is up, they can walk away partway through the article believing the biohazard claims. For example:




Those two lines, taken out of context, make it sound as though the article is claiming that "bitcoin is decentralized" is *the myth*. :P
@_date: 2012-10-20 01:15:20
Alright, so what if nobody buys it? :/
I mean, I know there's a bid out and all but I don't know any methods to hold someone to their bid in a pseudonymous environment.
@_date: 2012-08-10 20:23:22
Bitcoin was created by an anonymous person (or people writing as though they were one person) calling himself [Satoshi Nakamoto]( He stopped doing active bitcoin work (at least through that pseudonym, and retired that name entirely) around 2010.
Is he wealthy now? Was he wealthy to begin with? Who knows. ;D
Are other early adopters wealthy? Well, if they managed their assets properly, one can only hope. For example there was a time bitcoins were worth less than a penny. If you bought them then, or mined them with meager hardware and held on to them, you could have sold them in July 2011 for a short while for ~$30usd apiece. Or you could have held onto them until today when they're back up to ~$11.36 apiece. 
Additionally, anyone who serves the economy is in a fine position to profit. Miners who invest in srsbsnz hardware like ASICs (man, it will be nice if Butterfly Labs can deliver on some of their stuff. :P), exchanges, merchants, etc. There is a lot of demand for bitcoin services so there's a lot of commissions/profit to be had. Just bone up on your security practices, because Bitcoin is also liquid enough to be easy to thieve via hacking alone. That also compounds the problem where embezzlers can easily claim they were robbed. This ecosystem requires different strategies to properly manage, and everyone is learning them as we go. :3
@_date: 2012-12-24 22:33:42
As [kalleguld said]( durable does not mean indestructible. On the other hand, backing up the data in a several hundred kilobyte wallet file isn't the most arduous task anyone's ever had set before them, either. :J
@_date: 2012-12-16 03:23:10
[Less ambiguous phrasing]("'change' and 'last' are words overridden with enough connotations (change = code fix? last address = previous time someone tried to fix it?) that careful context choices can reduce confusions, is all. Good eye, though!"), just to be hlepful. :3


@_date: 2012-12-13 01:04:44
[Reddit content]( reposted offsite. Please pull the microphone back from the speakers, thx. ;3
@_date: 2012-09-11 23:13:59
Hey, in no way am I dissing precious metals. The reason I don't think you'll see gold&lt;-&gt;bitcoin markets any time soon is because of their similarities and their differences. They fill the same niche in two different dimensions. They have many of the same strengths (as wealth store) and many opposing weaknesses.
Gold allows individuals to directly control their wealth in the physical dimension. Bitcoin allows individuals (given trust in the decentralized network fabric and it's algorithms) to control their wealth in a digital dimension. Fiat is the most widely and easily accepted form of currency (aka, the most "current" currency) but you cannot directly control it: you must rely on third parties to do so.
So you trade Gold to fiat, in order to exchange relative control over a small portion of your wealth to make it more acceptable to merchants. You exchange Bitcoin for fiat for the same reason. But you *cannot* exchange bitcoin for gold unless you either do so in person (meaning no market is needed), in post (expensive in small volume, escrow or insurance is a must) or unless the gold is held in perpetuity on your behalf by the market to avoid ever needing to be transported (nullifying the advantage of gold; you're no longer controlling the wealth).
I think *that* is why you'll never see bitcoin priced primarily in gold. Bitcoin will become current enough to state it's own value before it will ever become common to trade it directly against gold. Gold won't ever become (significantly) more current than it is today, because it can't gain new advantages over it's younger competitors — unless absolutely every other form of currency possible were to somehow fail for independent reasons, leaving Gold to win by default.
Gold is a great wealth store for those with the means to physically maintain it's security, but it makes a challenging currency (hard to transport, non-trivial to authenticate, expensive to secure).
Bitcoin makes a promising case for wealth storage as well. The security challenge shifts from physical to informational however, and "losing" a vast sum of wealth becomes just as big a threat as having it stolen thanks to corrupt wallets or lost passwords. But it is the easiest currency to transact over distance of any which has ever been invented by mankind. It's actually surprising to see that coupled with such perfect personal ownership and overwhelmingly simple authentication, too. :/
@_date: 2012-12-16 02:35:46
Good on you, sir! :D
As much as I am of the mind to boycott WM for their being finicky, I very much appreciate Bitpay's effort and their paving the path for folk with your outlook to be able to finance them in the manner which you prefer.
@_date: 2012-10-12 23:47:23
That was a short outage. Glad it's back, tho. :D
@_date: 2012-04-23 23:10:04
OTOH, I'm concerned a ton of miners will simply stop mining (and some with higher fixed investments will shut down their gear ~50% of the time) slowing the hashrate significantly. People are optimizing their gear and barely, barely breaking even on the 50BTC reward currently, after all.
I don't see how the reward lowering, or how roughly half the mining machines turning off (half the aggregate reward available, means once half as much aggregate mining is happening the reward continues to cover the costs) would impact the trading value of a single BTC. Those variables have no direct relation. In fact, the hashrate lowering is likely to hurt confidence in the BTC, since taking over the network gets twice as cheap almost overnight.
@_date: 2012-12-12 12:47:44
I've been paying for a handful of anonymous VPN's since long before Bitcoin started in 2009. Prepaid cards were always available, but I never even used them then. I used to mail cash in an envelope instead, because in a practical sense I had never had such cash fail to reach it's destination, and because I didn't want to pay all the extra fees on the card .. or worry about inaccurate denominations and change that would be hard or impossible to redeem.
It was an enormous hassle! D: 
@_date: 2012-12-23 09:51:31
Meh, I just get tired of people "stating facts" they can't be bothered to research. It's one thing if somebody says "Look, I don't understand how this works, tbh it right does my head in, but it just feels shady and I don't want anything to do with it". I can respect that and I'm not about to get upset.
My problem is with people who literally drown in logical fallacies in order to arrive at completely incorrect conclusions that they now feel 100% certain of and they try to "inform" others on this bogus, but oft times misleading crackpot theories that almost make sense when you don't really think it through. Shit like "it's anonymous therefor it's evil!" or "The price will drive up so high you won't be able to sell them back off again!" literally, wat? Or my favorite "The company that makes Bitcoin are going to steal all of your real dollars and then print more so that their friends at the NSA can get rich".
And you were just having a nice conversation in an Etsy thread, letting merchants know how they can save tons on fees when they do business with Bitcoin-savvy shoppers, when all of the FUD spreaders filter in and you get 17 pages of unwarrented disgust and disdain. "I had a cousin who said two years ago he'd get to be a millionaire by mining these things. But, he still lives with his parents." "I heard Bitcoin got hacked and someone stole them all, so OP is trading in stolen goods" "It's a ponzi, like Amway".
@_date: 2012-07-01 13:45:03
sweet beans, I'm giving them a quick test now.
One thing I'm worried about, for paypal today they are saying "Minimum Payout: $100.00".. does that mean until you send $100usd worth of funds, they won't pay anything to your paypal address? :O
That would be decidedly inconvenient, and inconsistent with your table! but .. in any rate I'll find out soonly, $1usd is a pittance to test in such a crucible. ;3
@_date: 2012-09-21 20:21:22
Businesses with curiously high holdings in bitcoin that make money on their cold wallets whenever the price increases... ;3
@_date: 2012-07-30 00:03:00
Making up a press release, or whipping one up post hoc to discredit a pesky market they otherwise have no leverage against is a far cry from a conspiracy.
nefario's point 1 focused on checking the mail at customs, which would spell actual trouble for users of silk road. My point number 2 focused on busting any careless drug user on any related offence, and then on further processing of evidence noticing he did business on silk road, so spinning that inaccurately as the avenue of busting him. That would be a baseless, though probably effective scare tactic.
And I'm not presenting my permutations as law enforcement directly attacking bitcoin, but indirectly trying to illegitimately call it into question (along with tor and silk road) as viable avenues of anonymity.
@_date: 2012-12-05 03:55:42
s/received/been sold on/
Clarified because if "received" were the only problem, I'd coinapult them 0.5 right now. :P
@_date: 2012-06-09 01:44:18
Of course it does, and moreso the more influential that person is.
The Market is a terribly, stupidly emotional and reactionary beast after all. :D  "General unhappiness" on the part of human stakeholders leads directly to market instability. 
@_date: 2012-09-23 14:18:02
[Firstbits]( refers to the practice of abbreviating a Bitcoin address to the fewest number of initial, case insensitive characters required to disambiguate it from all older addresses which have received funds on the blockchain.
Thus every address (which has received funds) has a unique, abbreviated firstbits address, and once one abbreviation is matched to an address no other address will match to that abbreviation. Addresses which share the same prefix are newer, and thus their firstbits are doomed to be longer.
I think the (wildly probable for larger prefixes) indication that a given vanity prefix would also constitute a legitimate firstbits abbreviation would be a big customer motivator to pay for such a generated address. :3
@_date: 2012-12-22 10:17:04
Well, I certainly don't see Ripple as threatening Bitcoin. On the one hand I've my personal doubts about how useful it could be, but on the other I remain fairly ignorant about how it actually manifests. I feel in mastery of only it's barest, high level philosophical ideology, so it's not like I can craft any gedankenexperiments to test out hypotheses.
If it is useful, then I do agree it would dovetail well with Bitcoin. But I don't see any ways in which Bitcoin could be directly compared to Ripple so far as:


Because, as you've mentioned, they share different goals the concerns I harbor about Ripple's usefulness don't have any purchase against Bitcoin.
Bitcoin in it's current form is an incomplete solution. It solves some problems conclusively, while not trying to solve others that further layers atop Bitcoin might just solve instead.
It excels at donations precisely because it's a push-currency, but the problems it solves of resisting regulation and successfully aiding in the resistance of surveillance are incomplete in a two-party transaction because counterparty risk remains in the goods-delivery step. You can successfully send money to person X, without trusting person X or any third party. Both you and person X and all people whom you might wish to prove yourself to are possessed of irrefutable proof/receipt of the transaction, it is truly glorious to behold. But in precisely the areas where that strength shines, you also maximize the difficulty of being certain you'll receive your goods in exchange for your purchase (be they physical goods delivered now, or dividends on your investment later). This is one of the reasons I am so interested in 2-of-3 escrow transactions, as that will do a lot to make Bitcoin a more complete solution. :3
My concerns over my admittedly incomplete understanding of Ripple are quite different. Ripple looks like a reputation-management paradigm which may happen to complement this specific omission in Bitcoin, as well as potentially an alternative IOU-based currency where Bitcoin need only act as M0 to settle backend debt (thus reducing blockchain usage). 
However I am no fan of Bitcoin-OTC's WOT system with Pirateat40 specifically as an example, and I don't perceive in Ripple any facets which would allow it to avoid the same flaws. I really could not in good conscience endorse any reputation system unless it were demonstrably more resistant to fraud than Bitcoin-OTC's WOT. 2-of-3 escrow is. Ripple is not in any way I can measure from here.
@_date: 2012-11-16 23:47:17
I think the value of a system can be well indexed by it's functionality multiplied by it's usability.
Highly functional systems which can only be used by a few can only moderately enrich society in their present state.
Highly usable, globally adopted systems which only provide trivial function can also only moderately enrich society in their present state.
Either of these can become stepping stones for keeping the strong dimension while bolstering the week (software written on top of type A to selectively sacrifice the most arcane functions for the greatest increases in audience, or software piggybacking on the popularity of type B to introduce greater function to a prepared audience), but unfortunately we don't always see such evolutions transpire. :(
@_date: 2012-10-16 19:18:29
biggest bills are 20s, and I fail to see one thousand of them. :P
@_date: 2012-09-17 23:24:20


I completely disagree. Here's why:
"Fed endorsed crypto-cash-currency"
If the Fed endorses a currency, then it gains no benefit from being cryptographic. They just host a server centralizing the ledger. Then there is also no reason to denominate the ledger in anything but USD. You're done.
Will this make international transfers any easier? Only if the Fed wants them to. Only if the international parties accept FedEcash. Which in turn will only happen if they can trade the FedEcash back to regular money. This is the same problem Bitcoin currently contends with, recipient acceptance.
Let's say the Fed muscles acceptance somehow. Possibly enforcing FedEcash as a legal debt repayment instrument. Possibly by accepting Taxes via that channel. Let's say the acceptance problem is magically solved, and everyone loves getting FedEcash as much as getting a greenback. Then what? Federally subsidized wire transfers cut deeply into the profits of Banks, VISA and Western Union. Moving wealth from one location to another has historically been a profit center of false-scarcity. Bitcoin short-circuits that, but you can't outcompete bitcoin without the same effect.
So what about anonymity or pseudonymity? What about multiple accounts per human? What about protection from your assets being seized if the Fed pulls a Paypal? What keeps the Fed from changing the fees as soon as you've gone all in? What prevents the Fed from mandating who you can or cannot transact with? What protects you from counterfeiting save the promise of the organization which is already printing new money as fast as the sheets can fly off the proverbial presses?
Basically, the Fed cannot outcompete bitcoin because they cannot match *any* of it's advantages without sacrificing their control over the system and capacity to gouge and manipulate you. The *best* they can do.. PERIOD..
is be a bank. Like any other bank. And hold an electronic account for you.
@_date: 2012-10-11 22:48:46
So, let's say I'm a miner and I want to only accept fees greater than X. Maybe, 0.001BTC. Many miners are already panning 0 fees, not many clients are so cheapskate to manually set "1 satoshi" fees.
So how exactly am I harming the network? ;3
Scale that up. Say 10% of miners (or some pool representing 10% of mining power) decide to do just as I say above. Then cheapskates get an extra delay 10% of the time. Are we harmed yet?
Looking forward to your elaborated perspective on the matter, danke. :D
@_date: 2012-12-31 15:00:35
Well, BFL kind of suggested in all of their product literature that the product would be accompanied by functioning software to run it.
Now it sounds as though they are dodging that responsibility and making the open source community foot the bill at the last moment. It would be one thing if they said "we will ship our own drivers, but here also are the specs for anyone who wishes to to write software". That would be awexome. But I do not get the feeling this is what they are trying to tell us. :S
I guess once they's got people's money from pre-orders, they get to interpret the deal however they feel like it. Just pray they don't decide to change the deal further (spoilers: this is just the beginning)
@_date: 2012-10-26 04:49:32
Don't flaunt your [degree in Earthonomics]( this way. You were obviously sick when they taught about [Ad Hominem]( anyway.
@_date: 2012-12-23 08:15:30
Well, I don't have a definitive "what is ripple" document to go by and nobody is directing me to one. But [other people keep implying]( that IOU's are supposed to be transferable somehow. Possibly denominated in another currency such as USD or Bitcoins.
"You mow my lawn, I'll owe you $10usd" then one day when you're ready to pay that back, the IOU is held by someone 6 degrees of separation down, so you paypal it to them. :P
@_date: 2012-09-28 00:52:33
I get the same. I've got a small, outbound ACH I've been tracking (testing their reliability since coming back up post-hack) and I can't see it's status now. ;3
    504 Gateway Time-out
    The server didn't respond in time.
@_date: 2012-08-25 07:30:40
I mean the FAQ link on the sidebar no longer answers the questions that get the most frequently asked: "How do I buy/sell bitcoins (unspoken portion: the specific way I want to buy/sell them)"? ;3
@_date: 2012-08-17 01:21:48
There's only one Eiffel Tower, one finest hour, one New York town one 5th Avenue.
There's only one Mona Lisa, one Leaning Tower Of Pisa, one Paris and there's only one you. :P
@_date: 2012-07-28 00:52:20
Bitfloor is forward-thinking, in that they charge zero fees to deposit usd through chase into your bitfloor USD account. They make all their money at the exchange commission, where they charge [0.4%]( (with a potential 0.1% commission rebate if you do a limit order instead of a market order).
BitInstant can do similar (though I think you'll need an exchange like MtGox to convert usd to btc) at more bank branches, at cvs, walmart and 7-11 and with equal ease and anonymnity, but they charge higher fees than Bitfloor.
Also, if you already have an account at Chase, just ask a banker how to transfer funds from your account to the account number bitfloor gives you. You might even be able to do this from the chase website (and then screengrab the confirmation page, email that screengrab to support so they know who's account to credit). Account to account transfers within the same bank SHOULD cost nothing and clear instantly, but that depends on the bank (I don't bank at chase *shrugs*).
@_date: 2012-10-19 01:01:24
I remember arguing vehemently with someone back in the day about whether should have address flair, and bringing up all teh same points. :3
@_date: 2012-10-02 06:57:35
And how do you automate the trade? Aside from meeting someone face to face, how do you regulate the financial transaction, especially in different countries?
Most exchanges do that in a very patchwork fashion. Cash deposits in the US, or moneypack. Or Dwolla. Expensive international wires. 3 day delayed ACH withdrawls. Small shops that offer Paypal or CC until Paypal or CC shut them off for challenging the monopoly; or chargebacks drive them bankrupt. 
Bitcoin is easy to send to any other bitcoin user, worldwide, with no permission from anyone with zero risk of counterfeiting or fraud. Other currencies aren't. This causes an impedence mismatch.
Thus, you can always count on exchanging it for cash or hard goods. :P
@_date: 2012-07-14 04:05:01
Bitcoin inflates it's money supply at a prescribed rate. Doesn't matter how many people mine it, the more people who mine the less of the prescribed batches of new coins will go around.
In December we will reach the ~200,000th block, and at that time the algorithm will shift into cutting the reward in half. As a result, the trickle of fresh bitcoins slows, and supply inflation slows.
Supply inflation is not the same as economic inflation, though. We are seeing economic deflation (where each bitcoin buys you more stuff, like more euros) because the economy represented by this currency is growing faster than the money supply is. That difference will become even more pronounced in December.
As for the reasons why? Honestly, most of us are wondering why it stayed at $5usd for half a year. *that* was odd. xD
@_date: 2012-11-17 00:16:59
The global mining revenue available is a number which is fixed at any given second in time: block reward + transaction fees roughly every ten minutes.
As a miner, you reap a percentage of this reward more or less precisely matching the percentage of the global hashing power you presently wield. As a miner, you will invest roughly as much expenditure into your operation as you can to secure sufficient computing power to cover those expenses (incl. personally desired profit margin) and thus you are naturally remunerated at essentially guaranteed peak efficiency for providing this commodity security service to the bitcoin network.
Since the remuneration is mathematically guaranteed the greatest efficiency a free market can offer (and this is officially both the free-est and most transparent real-value market in the history of mankind; transforming electricity and computing power into computational notarization), the volume of the product (additional Thash's of notarizational security) is also guaranteed to represent the maximal volume the transactional market will bear. As transaction volumes begin to climb, and transaction fee rewards begin to outstrip block rewards, system security will begin tracking transaction volume instead of a fixed block reward.
So Dec 3 block reward halving will cause system security to go down roughly by a factor of two. ASICs on the other hand will cause system security to go *up* by several magnitudes, and really every action except for a drop in Bitcoin exchange rate or the next halving in 2016 will serve to increase, not decrease the total security available.
@_date: 2012-12-19 21:33:54
* Volume slider, instead of just mute. Sounds are nice, I just need to dial it down to not drown out my IM window, vox or other sounds. :3
I put in 0.05btc, played a few dozen hands, burned down as low as 21 credits (eg 0.021btc) before winning back as high as 55 credits (0.055btc). withdrew that, minus txn fees I got 0.054btc back in my wallet so made a tidy 8% profit all considered. :D
@_date: 2012-11-14 00:55:03
Who are the processor, and what do they need my pin for? :&lt;
I'm accustomed to the security model of only using my pin at ATMs and POS terminals, and not needing to expose that online. 
@_date: 2012-05-12 04:13:57
You'd still need to include fees with those "single satoshi" transactions greater than the nominal fees regular folk choose to pay (I keep mine set to the recommended 0.01BTC/kb), or yours would be the transactions left out in the cold.
The smaller the amounts you bleed per transaction, the more cash you proportionally blow on the fees themselves.
You're still trying to rent every hotel room ever, only now you're giving away the rooms! xD
@_date: 2012-12-03 17:19:20
from [the documentation](
 LEVEL GIFTS:	
**BITCOIN LEVEL** (Give **2 BTC** or more):
 * Tip in any subreddit.
@_date: 2012-09-06 00:37:25
To me, one of the promises of Bitcoin is that you only incontrovertibly "own" whatever you have unassailable physical control over.
So whenever you say "my X" after having transferred all practical control over X to someone else, be it dollars in an exchange or jewelry in a safe deposit box, you are expressing implicit faith in that proxy — or in a larger environment to rectify a corrupt proxy — to restore your control to you at a future time.
Bitcoin is the first system in human history to allow individual human beings with modest network access and computing power to maintain direct control over wealth which is cheaply and immediately transferable to any other similarly equipped human or organization on the planet. The erstwhile proxy one must put faith in for this control to be relied upon is a decentralized and elegantly balanced network of antagonistic miners, and the power of modern cryptographic algorithms.
Neither of these has any obvious means of wresting control over your wealth from you beyond your personal ability to maintain the secrecy of your private keys. While still a hard problem, it is at least personally tractable in comparison to trusting a large bank, or a government, *or an online exchange* with your wealth over a long enough period of time to see that trust abused.
I am sorry to hear that you've lost control over this USD wealth, and that others have lost control over their BTC wealth. There but for the grace of God go I. I cannot say what will become of it, or what political ideology would be best to determine the future of that specific purchasing power. But I can say I am glad that Bitcoin exists, ironically to give individuals the power to reduce their exposure to precisely this risk. :/
@_date: 2012-11-20 12:38:41
Perhaps, but I know Tor uses tons of stealth exit nodes that are much harder to identify and filter. :3
@_date: 2012-10-05 01:07:07
I think the theorem strives to quantify the value of an analyzed good in relation to other well known goods. "Sentimental value" has not such direct, measurable correlation. It exists; I will pay $X just to obtain a nostalgic item, but that is so difficult to predict or extrapolate over a larger population or a longer fashion frame that it's normally not worth doing. We're measuring the "instrumental value" of a financial instrument, if you will. :3
Regarding Bitcoin before it was popular, I would argue it had zero value *unless* you factored in the expected future potential. If you could bet that some day, this would stand as one of the few successful digital payment methods to have these properties, then it gains use value because you'd have to have some of the balances to start paying transaction fees in the future, or have to start converting mined block rewards back into more recognized currencies to make your mining operation pay it's own way as that field grew more competitive.
Compare with national fiat paying taxes. If your nation is new, then you know taxes will be due next year. They aren't due yet, but this easily predictable event drives the demand for the currency, thus giving it easily measurable minimum value related to other goods or services.
@_date: 2012-09-21 20:14:59
I'm sure Bit-pay could negotiate a lower rate for them just as VISA does. Hell, if I was Bit-pay I might even offer them zero fees in exchange for passive endorsement. :P
@_date: 2012-12-21 22:21:39
OP's question isn't really as much about bitcoin as it is about the ideals of the cypherpunk initiative.
Question is: if communications and payments/laundering could be made with perfect success and anonymity at zero cost to the criminal, would this enable said crimes or force them into a dominant position in game theory? If not, what are the mechanisms (either natural or artificial) that would prevent it?
Part of your claim here is that criminals already have methods which approach perfect financial anonymity. In this case, what mechanisms already prevent said criminal enterprises from operating with impunity? 
The question's not designed to frighten anyone, just to get us to explicitly name the phenomena which allow these ideals to be safely realized. :3
@_date: 2012-12-22 00:43:10
This response confuses me. 
I'm saying, a vendor receives an unconfirmed transaction from customer, and before accepting it they compare it with some spamminess profile (probably the same profile a miner might compare it to before rejecting it out of hand). If it looks spammy, vendor makes customer wait for it to get confirmed before delivery.
Now it's up to the customer's foolishness if they want to wait for miner X to accept their insufficiently greased transaction in any short time frame, because no stock wallet client would form a transaction like that without the customer over-riding the defaults anyway. If customer doesn't like it, they can send another, better greased transaction which gets blessing from vendor at zero conf, and wait for vendor to refund them after slow transaction competes.
@_date: 2012-11-13 21:46:17
I've done about a half dozen successful buys and sells on Bitmit, I certainly enjoy it. Only thing I really miss about it is there could just be more people trading on it, increasing the variety, ya know? :D
Definitely use the escrow system. In the one bad trade that I had, I was able to get my coins back that way. Also, just be 100% certain the trade is finished to your satisfaction before releasing the escrow. Pretty common sense that, but you'll never have another chargeback opportunity after release. That's just how Bitcoins are. :3
@_date: 2012-09-12 23:17:34
[Doomsday Clock](
@_date: 2012-09-28 23:38:33
Well, in that example I talked about downloading a warez copy of Skyrim. That normally involves a regular copy of Skyrim, bundled with a patcher which modifies it's object code to defeat the DRM built into the game.
Skyrim is not open source.
The method for attacking closed source software in this manner is to decompile and reverse engineer it. That's more challenging than having the source available to you, but we've never seen a case where it's been impossible.
If it were, there would exist an un-hackable game for the PC, wouldn't there? ;3
@_date: 2012-10-08 06:41:38
I think so. :3
For me, one of the more beautiful balancing points of the Bitcoin protocol is that, denominated in BTC there is a constant global reward for the work of mining. Thus if conditions ever fail miners in one region or in one demographic so that they have to put down their spades (dropping the global hashrate, and increasing network vulnerability) then whoever is left is blessed with every penny of revenue the lost miners would have gotten, driving up their margins and encouraging them to grow their operations, bringing hashrate right back to where it needs to be.
The power of the free market essentially offers that, so long as the internet remains globally connectable (which is an assumption that would have more catastrophic implications than simply the loss of Bitcoin were it to fail), the available hashrate will be tied *hard* to the trading value of BTC itself against other commodities, the lowest price of electricity globally available to support that hashrate, and the overhead cost of the best technology commercially available to offer that hashrate.
Government's whims are completely and irrevocably divided out of that equation. :P 
@_date: 2012-10-24 19:45:59


I don't see why that would be a barrier. So long as alternative currencies can still be traded for USD, just buy up enough USD every year come April using Real Money. :P
@_date: 2012-10-29 21:32:05
Yep, that looks choice. First place I'd like to post one of those? Local community college campus. :D
Checks my listing: yep, "Download as PDF Flyer" option. Choice!
@_date: 2012-11-23 23:36:21
No. If I fire up a stealth exit node, then tell my friends in China about it, it works.
@_date: 2012-08-29 22:59:32


False, Paypal can chargeback against everyone's accounts at their discretion, even months after a transaction has taken place or after the funds have left the account.


1. The entire statement "money is only in your account for a short period" from above stops having meaning when Paypal is tied to a bank account, because Paypal has access to your bank account. If they want your money, they use ACH to empty your bank account and you have to take them to court or to "arbitration" to dispute that. If bank is forced to take sides, they probably have a closer relationship with Paypal than they do with a meatbag.
2. I know dozens of non-criminal non-teenagers who are circumstantially prevented from easily establishing a bank account. It's pretty common in impoverished conditions, even in the first world.
I'm friends with one couple without easy access to transportation with only one bank branch in walking distance, who because of their credit rating would need to keep a $1kusd security deposit or pay $20/mo just to maintain a checking account. I have other friends who either live with manipulative SO's or manipulative parents who control their finances, and they cannot save enough money to their own names to break free or to move out.
That's without even getting into people in oppressive areas which either have some variable internet connectivity but no banks, or where all the banks are corrupt (and the ISP's probably too, but folks are savvy enough to use Tor or other vpns)
Because they cannot maintain as simple a resource as a Paypal account, I wind up doing banking and conversion transactions for my friends such as being paid SL$ to buy them steam games, etc.


1. As said below, do a job and be paid in BTC.
2. Sell items on Bitmit, be paid in BTC.
3. [VirWoX]( sell SL$ for Bitcoin. 90% of the people I know who cannot have bank accounts are on SL and at least half of those run successful businesses.
4. [Bitfloor]( Maybe US only, but deposit cash at any Wells Fargo or Chase location, USD deposited to your account w/ Bitfloor within 12 hours max. No deposit fee (~0.4% trading fee to BTC). No bank account required, you are making a cash deposit to Bitfloor's bank account.
5. [BitInstant]( Is available at international locations, similar cash deposit method to Bitfloor but they partner with Moneygram, zipzap, etc to accept your money at Wal-mart, CVS, 7-11, and many other locations as well. Costs quite a bit more, but significantly better deposit location variety.
Now don't get *me* wrong. I am not trying to tell you "It is less work to constantly change fiat into bitcoin than it is to use Paypal" or that "Bitcoin is the most profitable choice for all telepresence transactions as of Aug 2012".
Instead, I am simply clarifying that there exist valid markets today where Bitcoin is less pain to work in than the alternatives, Bitcoin has more room to grow than established options do, and that blindly relying on a chain of self-interested third parties such as Paypal/Visa/Bank to perform 100% of the curation of your digital wealth for you is a danger which looms larger every year, while Bitcoin's ease of use and merchant adoption and tool quality basically doubles every year.
This is on par with trying to convince a mechanical typewriter enthusiast in 1989 that the PC Word Processor's star is on the rise. They are so pre-occupied by the convenience of the tech they are used to, to serve their workflow that they modeled around that tech to begin with, and hung up on the unfinished nature of the competing tech that they are blind to the promise of an entirely novel approach.
@_date: 2012-06-02 21:01:22


I don't know if we're on the same page then, the only side of the transaction that needs to split in half is the bitcoin side. Let me clarify a bit.
* Buyer and seller agree on transaction details.
* Buyer sends 50% of bitcoins to seller.
* Buyer now has 50% of bitcoins on the line until next step.
* Seller purchases full product, sends full product to Buyer to be installed.
* Seller now has 50% of the value of the product on the line, only because he's already been paid for 50% of it.
* Buyer now confirms everything works out, and finishes last 50% of the payment, ending transaction with no burnt bridges. :3
Because it is bitcoin, there is no worry about chargebacks against seller after the product has been delivered or after the transaction has completed.
So if we're talking about a $10usd game, no one party risks more than $5usd of value at any moment.
@_date: 2012-11-07 21:35:58


By who? Cash changes hands under the table all the time without being reported to anyone.
All anyone has to do is avoid reporting a transaction for tax purposes, and they avoid everything else right along with it. On the same coin, if anyone is reporting their large Bitcoin movements to the IRS, they are covered by the rest of these reporting requirements you mention already, as well. :P
@_date: 2012-10-12 02:45:32
TIL. That is a helluva clever system. :D
@_date: 2012-09-28 00:59:26


Not from a strictly mathematical standpoint, but from a PR/adoption standpoint they do.
Try to tell the uninformed about bitcoin, and a huge chunk of them will now write you off saying "oh, that's some botnet scam. I won't let it TOUCH my computer!"
@_date: 2012-05-02 23:28:10
If you don't have a wallet, then how will you control a valid address to capture the dividends from mining a block before the block gets mined? :O  (Obviously, I just buy and sell BTCs, I've nevar mined befoar. xD)
@_date: 2012-12-18 05:37:48
Bitpay accepts credit cards? How do they reduce fraud when site owner wants to accept 100% btc then? :O
Do they also take paypal? I'm betting Op's blogger friend doesn't want to turn away paypal balance holders w/o credit card in favor of bitcoin holders, given they outnumber us in blogger's target audience.
@_date: 2012-09-21 19:35:21
Short term volatility (in addition to currency exchange fees of any kind) are going to be a bummer for anyone with only short-term interest. 
But over the long timescale, the only important questions are "Will the core protocol either break or succumb to external influence?" and "How many magnitudes more people have never heard of bitcoin than those who have?" So long as bitcoin remains a counterfeit-proof, regulation-proof distributed digital ledger and notarization system, there will always  exist a demand. So long as a tiny fraction of people even know there is such a beast, then demand has nowhere to go but up.
Guaranteed growth of demand over a fixed supply guarantees increasing unit value. :3
@_date: 2012-06-25 02:45:24
I tried to make dwolla attach to mtgox, they want drivers licences and 30 day waiting periods and social networks and all kinds of crud. And THEN once it's all linked up, you're still looking at 7-day average times to clear transactions. :&lt;
how do okpay werks? :3
@_date: 2012-10-22 04:41:50
I think the following, in no particular order, are the present obstacles working against the impressive features of Bitcoin to hamper adoption.
1&gt; General immaturity of software solutions. This is something that will mature naturally over time, so I'm not too worried.. but having to install vanilla client and wait potentially several days just to get a copy of the blockchain downloaded, or fire up a light wallet and have to implicitly trust other entities to curate the blockchain for you, is a bit of an annoying choice to be forced into; which only exists due to waiting for working implementations of ultraprune and better DB disk I/O. But those are on the horizon, so yay. :3
Additionally, just the software being hard to use in many ways for many people. I think average folks are farking privileged to have generations of tradition to teach them how a swipe credit card works. ;P
2&gt; Bad PR: All the myths, all the bunk, all the uncorroborated anxiety, often magnifying and distorting real life events into "haha, told you it was a scam" or "Wait, I thought Bitcoin died years back", etc.
3&gt; The very real driver of bad PR: lacking an infrastructure to handle counterparty risk for purchased goods or services.
M-of-N transactions are right around the corner, and I'm placing a lot of faith in that technology to address this very big problem. In general, many bitcoiners expect a currency to simply be a way to store and to transmit value .. but the theory I am now entertaining is that, in the past century modern culture has added the responsibility of securing the traded asset via the currency. Through chargebacks, and legislatively guaranteeing currency to resolve debts and disputes. Bitcoin secures it's own transmission very effectively, but lacks tools to secure the paid good, leading to making it very difficult for end-users to protect themselves from fraud.
@_date: 2012-11-15 01:02:15
Haha, that looks tasty. I think it will take a few more days to get my stateless sweets, but I'm looking forward to. :D
@_date: 2012-10-05 10:15:31
pokes at.
Yo Julian, did you ever get to try one of these out? Is it any gewd? :3
@_date: 2012-09-07 21:09:52
The alternative I have fallen back to is Credit Card or Paypal -&gt; Linden Labs/Secondlife converted to Linden Dollars. This conversion is cheapest at their website; and you can save ~3% on a market order there. Just bid one linden below the eternal buy wall and you should sell within 90 minutes. Or buy instantly if you don't mind eating the 3% spread.
Then deposit the lindens at [VirWoX]( through an ATM in-world (there exist deposit limits, you might have to request those be raised depending on the amount you are buying in) and trade Lindens to BTC on their market.
This uses Credit Card or Paypal, not anonymous cash at a bank, but that suits my needs fine as it does *not* require leaving the house. ;3  This requires an account on the Second Life system, which are free to establish, and the ability to walk around inworld and interact with the VirWoX point of sale terminal. You can pay VirWoX directly through Paypal or Moneybookers but the fees are higher and you'd have to convert USD to SL on VirWoX private, less forgiving market first before trading SL to BTC (they don't trade USD directly to BTC). Finally, VirWoX only trades whole number USD and BTC, so be prepared to deal with some change.
I've tested both of these toolchains recently with the following results.
*[Warning, wall of detailed text, tl;dr follows :P]*
Sept 2 2012 at 8pm, with Mt Gox 24h rate  I paid $52 to VirWoX through Moneybookers (plus my bank dinged me 0.42 "VISA INTERNATIONAL SERVICE ASSESSMENT" fee), which deposited instantly. Traded $49.69 on market order at 264.3 $L/USD, got $12,546.64L 2 minutes later. I added a few more linden from my SL account to avoid change, and then traded $12,993.12L on market order (took 8 hours to fill, could have spent 5-6% spread for the speed of a limit order) to get 5BTC. 4.98BTC withdrawn after 0.02BTC withdrawl fee.
My input, $52.42, 446.48L from in-game, 8 hours of waiting for market orders to clear and 6 confirmations to my wallet. Output 0.69usd change (which I left on account) and 4.98BTC in my wallet. That's an ultimate rate of $10.76 USD/BTC counting fees but not counting change, which is 6.5% more expensive than mt gox' market valuation. That is on par with the combined fees you'll pay BitInstant and MtGox to put cash in a bank and get BTC out, and about half the fees you would pay to deposit cash at CVS, 7/11 or Wal-Mart.
Sept 5 2012 at 9:30, with MtGox 24h rate  I deposited $50 directly via Secondlife.com. This is recent enough my bank hasn't shown the transaction yet, but I do not expect a .42cent fee since Moneybookers is not involved. I placed limit order for $12723L, which cleared in 4 minutes and consumed my $50 with zero change.
I deposited this plus some more (again, to avoid change) to VirWoX, and traded $13974.31L for 5BTC. This limit order took 25 minutes to fill, and I withdrew 4.98BTC.
That time, assuming no hidden bank fees, it was an effective rate of $11.03/BTC, or 6% flat higher than Mt Gox average for the day.
**tl;dr** USD-&gt;VirWox, pay ~6.5% including all fees total to have BTC in your wallet. USD-&gt;Linden Labs, just a touch faster and cheaper (~6%) with less change to muck about in. Keep in mind this is TOTAL, end to end fee percentage, not just one tiny step along the way like MtGox' advertised "0.6% trading commission".
@_date: 2012-10-15 07:05:42


And if you're not — instead being, in enmaku's words "an average user" — you're hard pressed to know the difference between the web browser and the task bar.
Most people don't have to understand how the dollar works under the hood (or "how the sausage is made") to know they can physically give it to people in exchange for goods or paying bills, and get them from selling goods or by way of wages. In fact, average people quickly start measuring every value in life against the dollar, which is in itself a shame. :P
Average people can handle bank accounts, credit/debit cards, and cope with their taxes and retirement plans too.. but they've got generations of tradition to pull from in order to use or abuse these instruments.
Average people are in over their head when they are accustomed to chargeback protection and the legal system having their back, they send bitcoins to a shady website and they're gone like the breeze. They don't properly secure their PC, or never encrypt their wallet or type password onto a machine with malware and lose their whole balance. They get threatened or blackmailed, and if they pay out they've passed their final recourse.
Worse yet, above-average people actively avoid precisely these pitfalls by walking on eggshells. Can't accept BTC for Paypal or CC to avoid chargeback fraud, never leave your money sitting at an exchange, advising people to continually change money from one wallet to the next, always use tor so the russian mob doesn't target your home IP for attack, etc.. and the average user can't penetrate the reasons behind these unsavory behavior patterns nor will they easily keep up with the new practices as new problems arise.
Hell, just today I tried recommending Bitfloor to someone just to learn that their accounts with both Chase and Wells Fargo have recently been suspended. It's endless!
@_date: 2012-10-30 12:07:13
I think BitInstant's debit card, if it ever materializes.
ASICs, when and however they materialize.
Next version of bitcoin-qt client with database optimizations.
Bitcoin client software making it into official Linux/BSD distros.
And, most importantly, client software and online marketplaces like Bitmit improving support for multisig escrow (et al) transactions. :D
@_date: 2012-09-11 00:35:03
I vote yes to this, again. The guy I debated against the last time someone recommended it isn't saying "no" yet, so there's that. x3
One recommendation someone posited last time was "make the flair only show the address on hover", which is nice to help keep the clutter down, too.
@_date: 2012-06-14 23:03:50
These are all good explanations, but there's a little I can still add on the proof-of-work explanation. :)
Julian and theymos have talked about "picking random numbers until you get one below a target value", which paints a good picture of what is happening. There is a little bit more there, though.
What the mining nodes actually do is pick a random number called a "nonce". Then they combine that number with the previous block the miner wants to bless as authentic, and all of the transactions the miner wants to bless as authentic transactions, and other information like the wallet address to send reward payment to, and then the miner "hashes" this document worth of data.
The "hash" is a giant number, and anyone can check the document (which includes the nonce, hash of previous block, transactions, etc) to make sure it really hashes to that hash so we know the miner is not fibbing.
The trick is this hash will only be valid, and accepted by the network, if it's less than the current difficulty threshold. It is like a limbo bar.
So the miners need to try again and get a new hash, but if it's been a very short period of time they need to hash the same previous block, and the same transactions and everything, so the only part of their document they can change is the "nonce". They just pick a new, random one. Maybe they just add one to the old one, it doesn't really matter. The way Hashing works, even the tiniest change in one bit of your input document cascades into an entirely novel new hash.
The miners try this process again and again, updating the document sometimes like if another miner mints a good block (this miner will want to bless that instead of the one they were trying to bless) or more transaction requests come in they want to bless. This miner rehashes his copy of the document with new nonces millions or billions of times per second until one of them is less than the difficulty. Then he publishes his work by broadcasting the winning document and it's hash to the swarm!
Then the swarm CHECKS his work. :D  They make sure it really hashes out as he says, and that the previous block it blesses actually exists, that all the transactions blessed really meet the bitcoin rules (for example, nobody is spending coins they don't really have), and that the block itself claims all accurate extra data and homework, like accurately calculating the fees from the transactions this block claims for it's miner, and accurately announcing the award of new bitcoins it's claiming (50BTC per block today, 25BTC coming later this year) AND .... the block has to announce the new network difficulty for future blocks.
Everyone knows the rules to calculate that difficulty given the data publicly available in the blockchain, it can't be lower than X or higher than Y all told, the miner picks a value in that narrow band and the swarm confirms the value fits in the prescribed band. 
Once all these authenticity checks are made, the swarm will accept the block and new miners will compete to make new blocks which bless this as part of the official blockchain.
If there's a weird civil war in the swarm, and some people like the block but others don't (maybe a bug in the code, maybe a race condition between blocks generated at almost exactly the same moment, etc) then it's simply a matter of which faction makes the next block first, because the network will follow along with the longest chain which adheres to the rules each member of the network concedes to.
That's how it's all calculated IIRC, and that's how the decisions like what the network difficulty will be next are made. :3
@_date: 2012-09-21 20:13:06
I think it's on par to how all (most?) of us feel about pirateat40 and similar scams.
We're annoyed when we perceive person A hoodwinking and profiting from the con of newbs.
People who oppose Bitcoin honestly believe it's some kind of a scam. Some people think it's a ponzi, some think it's a pump and dump. None have an accurate perspective, and none will listen to ours because they think we're just people on the amway foodchain who drank the koolaid.
Also, asking Steam to offer a Hard Currency payment option is going to be challenging because this merchant has no fear of chargebacks; they offer an equally soft product. Charge them back, they disable your account or take back the game. :P
@_date: 2012-10-31 12:02:47
I've never used SR specifically myself, but white markets like [Bitmit]( and [Bitcoinary]( either offer escrow through the market, for which they spin a fresh address for every transaction, or they allow the buyer and seller to interact directly.
In the prior, escrow situation, SR would doubtless give out fresh addresses and not share those with other parties, least of all the seller.. meaning even if the seller was a honeypot, they would not have an obvious path back to your gox account. 
If you deal directly with the seller, then they could prove to be a sting and they might be able to determine the sending address is from Gox, and then they could subpeona Gox for your account details. Sending through a simple wallet would at least muddy those waters, and tumbling coin between any exchange which knows your name and any illicit activity is the best path to fully clearing your tracks.
@_date: 2012-10-17 22:56:25
Guh, is Interac e-Transfers a Canada only thing?
Why come everyone but the US have easy ways to send moneys? x3
@_date: 2012-11-30 21:04:08
Good article is good. :3
+tip 0.05 btc
@_date: 2012-07-09 06:22:15
I'm not saying that you can make software that is 100% proof to attack, just that you can clear a lot of the low-hanging fruit with an approach similar to the one I am mentioning. Due to the unique nature of bitcoin (an easily monitizable prize for the attacker) every single one of those low hanging fruit is a problem.
An ecosystem like I'm proposing might not protect your app from a threat so obscure only a handful of greybeards in the world would know how to exploit it, and that handful happen to be colluding. Such elite "stuxnet" level attackers are likely to choose their hits strategically as well, so as not to waste their mana on penny ante casinos and exchanges.
But we need to build communities to help foster bazaar-style security approaches in some form, or we'll never get the DIY development muscle we need to effectively start building powerful new bitcoin applications. Bitcoin is about decentralization, not about relying on an institutional approach to security practices.
DIY Innovation will be stymied by the high risk of somebody, somewhere finding a chink in your armor unless we find a good solution to this problem.
@_date: 2012-10-23 00:35:01
I've had good luck with paypal/cc purchase of Bitcoins through [VirWoX]( as well. Obviously more expensive than Bitfloor, requires a Secondlife account (you trade intermediate through Secondlife Linden Dollars), and trades only in whole USD and whole BTC (which is a pain)..
But OTOH you can complete a bitcoin purchase and have coin in your wallet within 2 hours (and a fair number of clicks), never have to leave your chair or go out into the weather. So it's still pretty decent. :B
My tests have shown ~6% loss to fees, conversion spread, etc using VirWoX from CC/Paypal vs ~12% loss using BitInstant cash deposit at Wal-Mart for amounts in the $50USD range.
@_date: 2012-05-12 01:53:35
I've tracked him for awhile, QB is pretty confident in his fraud detection and mitigation abilities. Still I can see holding a few days changing the statistical possibility of fraud quite a bit.
Remember though, guys, you're putting a lot of trust in QB, especially as he starts up. Do whatever you can to confirm he can't vanish with your transactions one day, to help mitigate your own risk.
I wish him the best of luck because I'd love to see a service like this flourish, but I'd also hate to see a clever con gambit steel the bitcoin community into further paranoia. D:
@_date: 2012-12-06 00:58:05


@_date: 2012-10-23 22:30:52
/me squints at zip file. Oooo, this looks quite intriguing. I'll have to root through the source later when time allows, but in the meantime do you know if it has any documentation? I'm currently on mobile so can only view the filenames in the nested zip files here. :3
@_date: 2012-10-27 03:22:54
[This post]( parent to yours, claims that the liberty coins "had nowhere near $20 of metal in their $20 coins". If true, that would seem to refute your claim.
So, now I guess I'm interested in a citation to see which of you is correct? [The Wikipedia Article]( seems less than helpful in telling what the coins were minted out of. The "certificates" were certainly third-party-bearer affairs, too.
@_date: 2012-08-17 01:25:05
[optimist, meet pessimist](
@_date: 2012-12-05 21:42:15
[VirWoX]( accepts credit cards or paypal and can convert funds to BTC.
Note: their core business model is exchanging things in/out of [Secondlife]( Linden Dollars, so you will need to create a free account with Secondlife.
Mind the deposit limits, I have not had newbie deposit limits in so long that I forget whether it's possible to deposit more money then you can later withdraw in a single time period. Also know that you'll have to trade USD-&gt;L$, then L$-&gt;BTC. But in my testing, at the $50usd range, all fees and spreads (card to local BTC wallet) added up to about 6%.
@_date: 2012-12-05 20:24:25
+tip  0.05btc
@_date: 2012-12-07 03:02:52
Good to Xpost to too? :3
@_date: 2012-10-30 12:17:53
Bad, short, pointless video at Xtranormal.
@_date: 2012-12-09 23:55:39
Yeah. Well, that sounds like a pretty good deal. But I think I may have a better one. :P
@_date: 2012-12-23 15:19:52
No, my point was not trying to describe paintings with all of their practical limitations as a currency. I was only illustrating how it takes effort and acceptance of risk to identify the diamonds in the rough. Bitcoin's early backers were long on bitcoin before it was cool, and they've magnified their investment thousands of times so far. Those who hold the course may magnify it thousands of times more if Bitcoin continues to succeed.
I cannot tell you whether or not Bitcoin will succeed or fail or whether it won't somehow plateau at $13.50 forever, but my money (what little of it there is) happens to be on it succeeding. You have to make your decision based on what you can measure. I sense you're at a stage where I was about 6 months back, not 100% sure what will happen next and without a clear view of how all the complex bits and baubs work. I got from there to where I am now by observation, and by leveraging my considerable understanding of cryptography and coding to gain a sense of how perfectly balanced and elegant the system is. How there really aren't any methods I can see by which it leaves any room for improvement.
ALL THAT SAID, speculation is still a dangerous game and hoarding a currency isn't exactly the best manner to make your millions. What the Bitcoin economy can really use more than people sitting on it is people interacting with it. Merchants accepting it (even if they immediately cash out to fiat and never hold a bitcent), new applications written for it, more person to person exchange. That sort of thing.
That will helps to grow the economy with minimal risk to the newcomers. But if you do decide to "invest" by freezing a bunch of your personal wealth into Bitcoin, don't be upset with me on the off chance it doesn't work out. I practice minor speculation, but I don't endorse it to people who don't measure things the same way I do to begin with.
@_date: 2012-06-26 23:13:31
Why you should vote for me to be president.
Because, look at all of these things I could become the president of! :D  Aren't they impressive? Thus, somehow *I* am impressive and should be in charge of it all.
EDIT: This is what infographic is saying. "Infographic: why the sky is the limit on bitcoin prices". What the graphic shows: bitcoin economy is small, world economy is astronomically larger. Showing how impressive the world economy is ought not magically make bitcoin seem impressive by juxtaposition.
@_date: 2012-07-14 04:18:15
Which is odd, AFAIK Linden Labs only outputs usd as Paypal. So [spendbitcoins.com]( is quite a lot quicker at ~12hour delay than waiting for LL to release funds to your paypal account, ~3-5 days. :P
@_date: 2012-11-17 10:58:36
I did consider that possibility. I mean not only with Bitcoin popular in SR, but with [Jillian]( also politically pro-cannabis. But nope, I expect I would have noticed any hash in the brew and that also likely would have driven up the cost quite a bit. xD
Nope, all we've got here is deliciousness and I sent a batch also to a friend of mine cross country who says she's literally never tried fudge before. When I called, she was too busy nomming to report back anything intelligible. x3
@_date: 2012-06-24 22:29:14
Beh, I just buy Lindens with Paypal, then exchange them for bitcoin at [The Rock]( or [VirWoX]( 
What I want to know is what's the smoothest way to *sell* bitcoins and get paypal USD, through a trusted broker who isn't about to chargeback atcha? :P   That ability would catalyze transactions where people want to be able to cash out of bitcoins, or pay merchants who only take paypal.
Because I can go Paypal-&gt;Linden-&gt;Bitcoin with 5% or less of fees and 2 hours or less of time, but going the other direction on the same chain takes 2-4 business days for the Linden-&gt;Paypal leg to clear. ;P
@_date: 2012-11-14 01:17:33
Probably the most succinct way for an Austrian to talk sense to a Chartalist is in the closing passage of this article:


At the end of the day even I am not religiously against the idea of money as naught more than a fudgeable score-keeping system, so long as you're able to somehow remove conflict-of-interest from the forces that do the fudging. I don't think fixed money-supply is the optimal  strategy, optimal supply would magically expand and shrink to match what the economy needs. Fixed supply over floating price with freely available alternatives is simply a lesser evil than a centrally planned money supply.
But this passage clearly illustrates how fractional reserve bankers are in an inexorable position to demand profit off of externalized risk, in much the same way as [Martingale Gambling](
@_date: 2012-09-26 23:39:35
Speaking of which Julian, I'm actually looking to do this soon. I've got to help someone buy things off of Amazon using bitcoins, and figured your patented^tm method might be the best way to go.
Do you know or recommend anyone looking to get ~$50usd in bitcoin this way? Any particular procedure to follow?
@_date: 2012-04-30 17:44:17
If you are interested in converting bitcoin to bullion, I would look here:
I am curious where in the world physical bullion is easier to convert to local grocery purchases than USD is, though? :3
@_date: 2012-11-30 21:39:35
If the Arab Spring has taught us anything, it's that government regimes cannot survive after shutting off the internet. We'll see if this pattern holds in Syria or not, but it is the 21st century equivilant of shutting down all the shipping lanes. 
No matter how you spin it, you are suddenly depriving your populace of their bread and circuses. In the United States, moreso than anywhere in the Middle East, billions of man hours are spent using the internet. Flip the switch, and you will instantly generate millions of man hours of idle energy wondering where the internet went and ready to retaliate against whoever stole'd it.
On January 18, 2012 Reddit spearheaded an internet-wide, 24 hour long voluntary provider protest. That is nowhere near a "blackout" so much as a publicity stunt which barely dented people's ability to use the internet, yet it still put enough pressure on capitol hill to swing 1/3 of all congressional votes on the subject in less than 48 hours.
@_date: 2012-07-28 00:49:09
It's Dwolla that requires SSN. One of many reasons to avoid them.
Bitfloor does not require SSN. :3
@_date: 2012-11-28 02:06:49
Wouldn't just selling the prepaid visa be worth more to the buyer? Then they're not stuck using it on amazon..
@_date: 2012-06-06 00:51:07
I want to call this entire post "spam" because it isn't providing any new information. It's just pimping another forum system.
I see from your comment history that you haven't, but my point is you could copy and paste this post to every reddit sub by saying "Diaspora and  "join blah blah blah there is already an  hashtag with news". ಠ_ಠ
I am not flagging it as spam because I assume you just forgot to mention how this is in any unique way related to bitcoin so that we know it's worth discussing. Is the diaspora project officially involving itself in bitcoin? Is the platform seeing a rise in bitcoin-rich applications or features? And no, we're not going to drink diaspora koolaid and spend time downloading and configuring the app just to find out whether there *is* anything going on there or not. You have to make your case from here. :P
@_date: 2012-12-27 14:07:52
Right, because you'd never be subject to mental malware, then. ;3
@_date: 2012-11-02 21:54:44
But what you CAN do does not make bitcoin de facto anonymous. That plays into my original claim: "But if they put careful work into that pseudonymity, they can even aspire to be completely anonymous. :D"
Anonymity is a strong claim. A system being anonymous implies that ZERO information about you identity, including history within the system, is leaked to an outside observer with zero positive effort required on your part. Such systems do exist. One example would be Torbrowser connecting to a chan forum, or anonymous remailers. Those systems require you to personally volunteer identifying information in the payload in order to cheat your own anonymity.
The bitcoin reference client, when you take no positive steps beyond using it, gives you one wallet and generates addresses which interplay with one another in a way that does not perfect your plausible deniability for that chain of addresses to be considered a single identity. It also leaks your IP address when you do not route it over a Tor proxy, and I've had it suggested to me it leaks your IP even when you do use Tor. :P
Aside from being careful about blabbing any more of your own personal data, that's a lot of pseudonymity left to patch over to become completely anonymous. It's certainly possible, and far simpler than starting out with Fiat bank accounts or even serial-number-laden bank notes, but it is misleading to tell people point blank "Bitcoin is anonymous". 
@_date: 2012-12-23 09:58:55
There.. there's no hidden meaning in my comment. It just sounds like your comment somewhat discounts the risk factor in whether to be long on a commodity, so I was pointing out there is an alt chain who is at today where Bitcoin was a year or two back. If there's not any nuanced factors to whether such a thing can blow up, then at 7c per coin you could purchase a big chunk of the lightcoin network for cheap and go long on that.
Personally, I think making it big on early adoption is predicated on choosing the right horse. Hindsight is 20/20, but the people who saw the potential in Bitcoin early, and held onto their coin or speculated wisely instead of poorly are rightly sitting on quite a tidy sum today. I can't fault them that. I also don't think such feats can be easily reproduced. Millions of painters are plying their wares today, but it's a hell of a challenge knowing which will be the next Van Gogh or Pollock. Chose wisely and you can buy for $20 what you can later sell for millions.
@_date: 2012-07-09 03:25:17
I think that sounds about right. Coins are very durable prizes, and the authors get to set whatever bounty they want reflecting their confidence in their infrastructure. Leave it running 24/7 for a few months and see if it can protect some percentage of how much you expect to leave in a hot wallet, for example. :3
@_date: 2012-12-01 03:54:51
Alright, but after netjoin, if branch B miners get copies of branch A in order to decide which is longer, then branch A miners must get copies of branch B too, right? Otherwise how would they know B isn't the longer one to continue working on?
Assuming branch A miners at least briefly get a copy of B in order to know it's worth dismissing, they can also scan through the transactions notarized in branch B and upon dismissal of the blocks, break out those transactions to add to their own memory pool, yes? :3
Now, I am not saying that's how branch mining software works today. But AFAICT, there is sufficiently rich data on the network to allow any individual miner to choose to follow that slight improvement to the protocol, without interfering with anyone else's operation and without any obvious increased risk of DoS. Yes?
Upshot being, this slight improvement, if adopted by a big enough number of the miners, say 10% of power or more (and I don't see anything preventing such an approach from representing profit to miners given any netjoin) would be enough to honor a majority of spends made on short chain which remain valid by the time long chain can get back around to them.
Given the *nature* of a netsplit, it would be uncommon for one individual to try to spend the same output differently on different forks, unless he wanted to try to defraud somebody. So, my suggestion would lead to virtually all good-faith transactions being reconfirmed after any netjoin for virtually perfect business continuity, and the only losers would be recipients of double-spent currency in any short chain.. versus *every* recipient of currency on the short chain. ;P
PS: On the off chance the first branch A node to see branch B discards it and never passes along, so that a lot of A nodes would never get to directly see the B branch, then any one A node who sees B and runs my algo would still break out all the txns and rebroadcast those singly. :D
@_date: 2012-12-10 00:24:56
In my testing, with the 0.8 prerelease version, connecting to whatever computers it wants to let me by default, it's taken more than 3 hours so far. Based on the status bar only showing 60% complete, and the knowledge that verification slows geometrically over time, I'm guessing the ~12 hour estimate will prove accurate for me.
What bothers me is that nobody seems concerned that this delay is one which grows in spite of Moore's law. Without further code improvements, 12 months from now the 0.8 client will take not 12 hours for a standard computer connecting to peer nodes, but a whole week. 
Basically, I think I'm seeing problems with the big O scalability of this approach, and I think we need to figure out ways to maintain the security features we expect from bitcoin while simplifying the new user on-boarding process.
@_date: 2012-08-25 01:27:57
The article said nothing of the sort:


Instead, by way of "low hanging fruit", it clarified with:


Put simply, moron criminals who steal assets or abuse people or break local laws, and then just cash their tainted coins out of an exchange to their normal bank accounts or pay into a honeypot merchant and release real life details there, or use a honeypot tumbler, etc etc.
@_date: 2012-09-18 17:07:48
You didn't answer my question. If you think the Fed gets all the minted coins but other people are still mining, then what incentive would "other people" have to mine when they're not being paid to do so?


And that is the observation which betrays your ignorance about how the system is balanced.
Current bitcoin hash rate is about 20TH. That means miners are burning about 12.5 Megawatts of power to secure the system. You're naively suggesting the Fed get all the newly minted coins, and that "some other people" altruistically donate $16.5 million USD per year to keep the system secure with zero compensation.
So what keeps the system at 20TH? If people don't want to mine without getting paid, it would drop to zero. If the Fed wanted to pay off miners, then it would raise just enough to cover what the Fed pays them, but that's neither more efficient nor secure from Federal intervention than the Fed simply doing all the mining.
Additionally, so long as the Fed is allowing volunteers to mine, there's zero checks to prevent rogue miners from 51%'ing this network which no longer has incentives to keep the hashrate up.
Once you centralize control or mining profits, all roads lead to central ledger. All benefits of a decentralized blockchain collapse, and attack surface increases exponentially until you choose to recede all the way back to central ledger.
@_date: 2012-10-12 22:41:12
He's not amending a quote as much as an aphorism that was delivered by way of a quote. :&gt;
@_date: 2012-09-06 00:50:06
Is that something that a LiveCD could detect on bootup, perhaps audit the bios? Maybe have tripwire installed with a hash of the expected bios burned onto the CD?
@_date: 2012-11-28 02:06:11
Wait, you can deposit USD at walmart to put bitcoin in your blockchain wallet? Or withdraw bitcoin from blockchain.info and spend that as USD at wal-mart?
What are we even talking about here, and what button should we look for at blockchain.info? x3
@_date: 2012-08-11 01:31:34
Or alternately, if neither party is starting with a solid rep, use bitcoin + escrow or bitcoin + buyer sends 50%, send goods, buyer finishes 50% (neither party risks more than 50% at any step)
@_date: 2012-07-01 05:12:17
I haven't done much with gox (it's hard to get currencies in and out of that shithole :P) so my max volume there was ~$50usd from bitinstant, out as ~7.75BTC. I ran into no verification issues. But, I don't think I used a different VPN at each end and my volume was 10x smaller than yours. So who knows? *shrug*
@_date: 2012-06-06 01:12:25
Meh, ultimately it doesn't matter if it's bots or manual labor running the trading floor. It's just capitalism, where one assumes that the consequences of a trading action are largely bore by the trader. Dumb bot? Trader using it loses money (at last in comparison to what a smarter bot could have done). Butterfly effect? You can get that with human traders too, it just takes longer to see the ripple play out.
@_date: 2012-10-08 07:34:34
No, the title said "connect the dots" and that was the precise content of the image.
I think this title should have been a little more discreet, actually. :P 
@_date: 2012-10-30 12:09:29
That's the fun thing about fraud.
Srsly, you're bidding too low. Try $100 per bitcoin? Then I'll still offer the moneys, charge it all back and enjoy my free coin. :D  You can't even win a dispute since trading Bitcoin is squarely in violation of Paypal ToS.
@_date: 2012-09-17 20:50:20
Who needs that statistic when you've got the commodities market to compare with? USD can't become toilet paper without the donation box scene from Snow Crash happening.
Anything else is either hyperbole, rhetoric, hyperbolic rhetoric, or a severe misunderstanding of what "purchasing power" is.
@_date: 2012-12-14 20:39:35
[VirWoX]( does allow you to use Credit Card or Paypal, without linking your bank account (eg, without exposing potential risk of fraudulent bank drafts, though I'm not certain how much of a risk that is. I just paranoid ;D)
But it does involve a few, minor "hoops" I'll outline here:
* VirWoX is centered around the online game [Secondlife]( so you will have to sign up for a free Secondlife account to use VirWoX. Apparently, you do not have to log into the game or download the game software, though.
* VirWoX trades many currencies, but they are all in a hub formation around the Secondlife Linden Dollar. So you'll have to trade USD -&gt; SLL, then SLL -&gt; BTC.
* VirWoX trades in only whole integers of USD and BTC, so you will get some change in these trades.
* Total fees, including bank fees and spreads on both trades from Paypal to local BTC wallet on your computer come out to about 6% in my testing.
@_date: 2012-10-25 21:06:01
/me squints at. Is this Mircea Popescu's reddit user?
I had ignored this post since you just linked me to a discussion I started. But then I started reading [Mircea's blog post]( talking about online identities being a dime a dozen, and then using this one as an example. x3
Now I am confuse.
@_date: 2012-11-09 04:43:22
That the hypothesis being considered in this thread is that dead links being available through a third party such as archive.org is required for them to be considered as citable sources for Wikipedia.
Would you like your shoelaces tied while I'm down here, by the way?
@_date: 2012-12-12 03:48:07
Ooo, I has not seen'd that before.
Did maybe it get confused by your +/ example in your comment somhao?
@_date: 2012-09-02 03:49:40
That's why I was suggesting a local exchange, which trades in Pesos.
@_date: 2012-09-28 22:11:17
It's more like "hey paypay, my account got.." "FROZEN! Thanks for that tasty balance, natch!" xD
"But but.. I want to pretend that those gais stole my.." "Yeah.... I kind frozed their account too. Oops! *burp*"
@_date: 2012-05-21 22:43:47
I'm not going to try to convince you how obviously hokey and vapor that laughable "technology" is, or say things like "if you could build the equivalent of a smartphone in the form factor of a credit card and run it on solar power with no battery, it would already be used for more things than bitcoins". I won't do any of those things, good sir.
Instead I'll do this.
You go find me a bitcoin bar-bets service. One that lets me put 5 BTC down against 5 of your BTC that in whatever fixed timeframe you choose (max. 5 years), there will not exist mass produced and for sale under $1,000USD a device that meets all the criteria laid out in their [intro video](
I'd find a bar-bets service myself, but frankly I'm too lazy, and I'll wager the effort of finding it that you are too. x3
@_date: 2012-04-30 00:27:48
Say also, let me know what you think of [the exchange data/comparison idea I just posted](
I am presently doing a quick round trip of $10 USD through VirWox to get fees and delay data from it (was going to try the Rock as mentioned, just learned that they've started to use the Linden Labs Risk API and refused to accept a payment from me in Lindens. Lol, I'll get an update with that data in shortly. ;D). 
Do you, like I do, feel such a grid would be a valuable source of data for users of Bitcoin? Is that sort of data gathering something you'd be interested in helping to does? :D
@_date: 2012-09-12 23:06:59
Not exactly. Revealing the key *comprimises* the keypair. The value of the asset is not transfered until it is transfered.
I have wallet, bad guy gets my wallet's plaintext private keys, bad guy stares at his copy for a month or so without transferring anything. I make a clean wallet and transfer the money to there before the bad guy gets around to it. Bad guy now has zero access to my wealth.
Ba guy could have paid merchants directly out of my wallet during his window of opportunity, but even such payments would classify as a "transfer", and only that act lifts the wealth permanently out of my reach.
@_date: 2012-10-12 01:30:58
Who generates the initial keypair for each voter though? election authority (abuse: they vote for you! ;P) or citizen (abuse: reliably sell vote by making vote-buyer generate the key pair)?
@_date: 2012-11-08 23:10:41
Chartalist is chartalist. Also lacks teeth. He isn't saying "bitcoin is bad" or "bitcoin is a scam", he's basically just saying "'money' is the wrong word for it unless the government can inflate it by policy", and his primary point is that states (at least, as we know them today) cannot operate on top of bitcoin any more than they can operate on top of another commodity-money.
Unlike chartalists, I simply see this as something broken in the formulation of a 'state', not in the formulation of our ability to track wealth.
My problem with him is the baseless value judgments. Chartalists always take it as read that humans can't live or breathe without centrally planned monetary systems, and apparently that centralizing a money machine never represents a conflict of interest.
@_date: 2012-09-08 02:15:21


The length of the code is not relevant. Auditor CAN compare the length of the code with a remembered length, but they can also check 5 different kinds of hash if they feel like it: length really just amounts to an additional, really weak check.


If you are talking about brute-forcing a cryptographic hash like [SHA256]( then you are referring to something which, while mathematically "possible", would take every computer ever built running nonstop for several quadrillion times the current age of the universe to get upwards of a 1% probability of finding a collision. Inasmuch, "can" is simply not the appropriate term to use to describe that mathematically valid result.
@_date: 2012-11-17 11:59:22
/me jots down notes on what "Not FUD" looks like, today.
Really though, you should take that strong sense of skepticism and apply it to something which *actually* ruins people's lives and leads to millions of deaths, like [DHMO]( instead of extrapolating one law firm abstaining from participating in an open-source, completely transparent barter system into some kind of proof of satanism.
@_date: 2012-06-09 01:42:26
Possibly, but I'm interested to see how a sudden halving of *new* bitcoin production impacts a smoothly escalating demand curve. It's not like the global supply of liquid bitcoins will suddenly cut in half, just the marginal growth so I think it will take a long time for bitcoin value to rise in response, but the miners get an unceremonious instant paycut. ;3
@_date: 2012-10-14 06:56:34
[filecloud.io]( link for the lazee. x3
@_date: 2012-11-10 01:13:21
I still don't understand how minethings works. I mean, wut? xD
@_date: 2012-09-20 01:37:23
Works4me. (DDoS must be ovar?)
@_date: 2012-07-14 04:25:43
Same here. I think even the most pedestrian among us coiners have enough confidence in BTC and our own computer-securing habits to trust the value of that much BTC would hold for long enough to milk quite a bit more than $1mil USD of value out of it.
The only instance I can think of where someone would pick the benjies, aside from "not understanding" bitcoin or having serious trust issues about it, would be if they need as much liquid dough as they can yesterday. Bitcoin still takes work to move or convert or spend in meaningful ways.
With 1mil BTC, I would draft possibly $1mil USD from it in a short-ish time period, just to diversify and keep around some more liquid assets. But then I would maintain the rest in BTC and let it grow, invest in important projects in the economy (where X spent improves the value of the remaining Y) and that sort of thing. :B
@_date: 2012-11-19 05:33:01
The proof-of-work chain is the key to solving the [Byzantine Generals' Problem]( of synchronizing the global view and generating computational proof of the majority consensus.
@_date: 2012-11-01 23:32:51
It's been fifteen years since I've taken classes on Macro Econ, so I'm a bit rusty on the jargon and I'm not entirely clear what you are referring to regarding what. For example, what is the "supply" in this case? What I'm worried about is that you are classifying mining as a service for which there exists a direct demand for which those suppliers are compensated, and that simply does not happen in the bitcoin network.
Instead, we have inelastic demand. Exactly 50BTC (at present) will be paid almost exactly 144 times per day to miners. We can pretend that distribution is perfectly even per gigahash of effort, to cancel out the probabilistic nature of mining, which isn't significantly relevant to this perspective.
As a result, one player entering the scene with X gigahashes directly and almost instantly lowers the revenues of all other players. They increase the total GH present, but they claim their portion of the pie as well, and no matter how many GH are brought to bear, the total revenue in the industry is completely fixed (or in the case of tx fees, completely uncoupled from GH supply) so that pie doesn't grow in size. So new player is claiming a constant percentage of the revenue every other miner was previously claiming.
Imagine squeezing a third person onto a bench with 2 people. However much space the new person needs from the bench, that percentage of space gets robbed from the other two people on average because the bench does not grow any longer.
Now legit miners, as you say, internalize their marginal costs while botnet miners do not. Marginal GH produced keeps close to a linear relationship with marginal costs, by way of hardware and electricity. So dropping those marginal costs (or trading them in for the business of criminal subterfuge) leave very few costs remaining, and allow a criminal enterprise to scale almost without bound, and easily claim large segments of this fixed-size reward pie.
Compare this with another near-perfect competitive industry like Crab Fishing, save that the government of a country limits the grand total of all crab that can be turned in per season to X, so only the fastest crab fishers can get their goods in in order to compete for a fixed demand per season.
Now let's say nobody can break that reg to sell crab outside of X, but some people find out how to break other rules to gain unfair advantage. Perhaps externalizing their marginal costs by stealing limitless boats and illegally using limitless, if inefficient, disposable slave crew. They can flood the waters with boats at the start of season and steal crab from the legitimate fishermen, ruining what little margins they have left and driving them out of business.
@_date: 2012-11-11 11:12:05
Good Lord. Sir, I'm not familiar with your work, but you and Max have worked out what must be the most cogent, insightful and amazing televised interview discussing Bitcoin I've ever seen.
This is video material I can show to people who already understand finance, and they can get more relevant information regarding our currency per second than they're liable to get via another medium. It's basically a golden elevator pitch, man. :D
@_date: 2012-09-02 10:02:53
I am sorry, that was meant as banter though I can see how it might be interpreted differently.
@_date: 2012-08-21 01:16:27
All physical realizations of "impossible" are simply variants of "astronomically unlikely". Among them:
* Accidental collision of any cryptographic hash
* Intentional collision of any cryptographic hash if you transformed planet earth into a gigantic silicon chip with the transistor density of a xeon and magic cooling properties, and ran it for over a billion years
* Your body spontaneously combusting as you sit in front of the computer
* You repost this reply enough times that it starts being insightful or accurate
@_date: 2012-11-09 00:22:32
Why is this getting downvotes? Question sounds legit, to me.
OP, can you link us to one or two of the addresses in your wallet for demonstration purposes, that we might help diagnose?
@_date: 2012-05-02 23:20:57
My real life experience suggests, when first downloading the blockchain (or every time, if you have a slow disk I/O USB stick like I do) force the client to use a folder in a RAM disk, then when you're done close the client (check Task Manager to ensure it's out of the process list too) and copy that folder out to normal storage.
That does as much to save on "disk i/o" as anything you can do .. and it still takes many hours due to inefficient coding at the client. T_T
@_date: 2012-11-13 01:52:06
1.5% change over 24 ours is not "on the move". It's breathing in and out while snoring loudly.
EDIT: Precious Metals commodity price index moved the exact same amount over the exact same period.
Of course, they moved [down]( but it just demonstrates this is normal fluctuation.
@_date: 2012-09-12 23:42:23
:/  Well in my book you're not really using Tor unless you're doing so on a machine firewalled so that the tor process, on another gateway machine, is the only access to the internet for the host in question and the IP space shared between the two is private.
I do this from LiveCD. I have a static, private IP on the same subnet as the tor machine but I use an invalid default gateway. Thus all outbound attempts to access the internet will fail, unless they are availing themselves of the tor proxy. All local processes cannot know their internet-facing IP address, they only know their useless local IP so they can't leak that either.
This protects me from all incompetent network applications.
@_date: 2012-08-29 03:25:59
Well, if I discussed doing computer work with somebody online (discussions reliably documented), and gave them the credentials to my colocated server as prescribed, and they logged in and copied off all of my data for their own purposes and then wiped my hard drive.. then nothing physical has transpired but many laws exist on the books to punish this behavior. Interstate Fraud, computer hacking, breech of contract, you name it.
It doesn't matter if the login technology changes, or my computer isn't a computer at all but a "cloud instance" running on thousands of Amazon EC2 servers, but I gave him a credential to an asset of mine. I can prove that the credential was unique and non-reproducible. I can prove he was in receipt of that credential, and then that credential was used to deny my further access to the asset (bitcoin principal) let alone the agreed upon service (bitcoin interest).
Bitcoin markets even allow me an easily demonstrable value for the asset to assess damages.
Because Bitcoin is at it's heart the most bad-ass notary system the world has yet seen, I think the first clear legal case defending the currency/commodity/asset will prove to be a slam dunk.
@_date: 2012-12-16 05:32:09
Lower left barcode looks like a bitcoin address but starts with a five. hell the wut? xD
@_date: 2012-07-20 01:04:26
LOL, I post this and then price drops a dollar. xD
Ah well, I bought in all I currently have at $5 and $7.50 price points. I won't be able to move currency in soon enough to profit from this dip, and I'll be amazed if it stays low long enough for me to at any rate. ;3
@_date: 2012-10-08 06:47:33
For remote traders, how would you transact the GBP to them? I for example live in US, so things are a little more complex.
[VirWoX]( is an option if you don't mind trading GBP-&gt;Secondlife Lindens-&gt;BTC. Fees are moderately high, but you'll still get 7BTC for less than 55 pounds at today's rates. Their [GPB deposit options]( include Credit/Debit Cards, PayPal Express Checkout, paysafecard, Ukash, Skrill/Moneybookers, NETELLER, and Bank Transfer at varying deposit fees (some of them free).
For local traders, have you tried [LocalBitcoins.com](
@_date: 2012-09-11 01:43:38
Another possibility is order a last-gen BFL mining rig, which they are advertising they will allow you to trade in for the next gen once it's released.
Another possibility is to buy mining contracts with operations who accept capitol to run their own mining gear, like Ferroh. (warning: this is a trust relationship with high exposure to loss so .. your mileage may vary. :P )
@_date: 2012-12-16 03:34:51
Use their second-password option. Then you can still see your account balances (outer part is kept on the phone un-encrypted when you link your mobile device to the wallet) but still cannot spend without typing the second password (inner part of wallet doubly encrypted on server, singly encrypted on mobile device).
This doesn't protect you if your phone gets rooted, and attacker can somehow keylog your password. I think OP wants a yubikey or Google Authenticator on-device approach, which I don't know if there is one or not already.
And I don't know if GA would help were it installed on the *same* device, since rooting any device you run GA on in concert with accessing the wallet undermine's GA's security factor. You'd need GA running on a separate phone to offer any leverage. :/
I *also* do not know if there exists *any* multifactor auth which is resistant to local device root *at all*, unless you are involving another device or trusted third party. Somebody outside of the rooted local device has to perform that challenge/response authentication step, be they BCI or your own server you've installed a server-side component on. :/
@_date: 2012-09-18 16:37:17
That is precisely what that means. Imagine minecraft. Input the same seed in two computers with no connection to each other, get the same pseudorandomly generated world with 8 times the surface area of planet Earth on both computers, down to the last blocky blade of grass. x3
@_date: 2012-09-09 00:01:22
Nope. You do not need an account at the bank, you are simply depositing cash into an account held by BitInstant.
@_date: 2012-10-28 02:12:26
I have mentioned this to you several times before, yes you'll never remember it's me. But I'm the only posting on localbitcoins for 150mi in any direction. And the next guy over never keeps an appointment, I've tried. ;3
But yes, you rock that Vegas market, good sir. :D  I have two friends in Nevada who could really benefit from Bitcoin, but I can't seem to talk them into it.
@_date: 2012-09-27 20:38:16
While I would say that of course that risk exists, as many risks do (getting hit by a bus would certainly ruin my day..) but I believe the bitcoin system is well balanced enough to handle it.
Mining was designed by Satoshi to directly tie the rewards of bitcoin mining to it's cost, and it's the most elegant arrangement I believe I have ever seen in the free market. Today those rewards are primarily in newly minted coins. Over time, as the newly minted coins taper off, Miners will be required to screen for transaction fees in order to pay their bills. This puts bitcoin spenders in the position to trade off offering sufficient transaction fees to reduce delay in having their transactions confirmed.
This also means we'll lead to a day where many miners will automatically slow or shut down their mining operations as frequently as cycling every 10 minutes waiting for a sufficient bounty of transaction fee rewards to exist on the network in order to justify burning the watts to solve the next block.
But in any event, as soon as enough fees exist unconfirmed to pique the average miner's interest, the beast will begin waking up again to eat it's food. Block solving time might begin to vary wildly, but would still average with uncanny power to 144 blocks per day.
Finally, no matter how low the hashrate bar (thus average miner cost) might drop, a 51% attacker still has to use more power (eg, incur more cost) than all other miners combined, and failing to do so for long enough to produce a block throws away their efforts (cost), so their average reward for crime has to be greater than the transaction costs of being guaranteed the block reward *every time*. In contrast, simply putting their power into mining only requires their *share* of the transaction fee reward be greater than their costs. Mining always provides a greater ratio of reward to cost than attacking does.
This doesn't protect the Bitcoin ecosystem from Scaramanga's who "just want to watch the world burn" and might sink billions into ruining somebody else's day. Our only protection against that is remaining a popular enough network that our volume remains high enough to keep the transaction fees required to reward miners low enough per transaction that we fund enough miners to keep absolute security high for inexpensive transaction fees.
**TL;DR** 51+% attack always yields an order of magnitude less profit than legit mining; even with zero minted coin reward. Bitcoin being popular, thus high volume and low fee protects against any attacker willing to waste piles of cash to counterfeit anyway.
@_date: 2012-12-01 00:29:54
No more uniquely than you can isolate one bitcoin.
I direct one bitcoin to an empty address of mine. It arrives as a bunch of unspent inputs totaling exactly 10^8 satoshis. Until I spend it again, that bitcoin is just as isolated as a sealed container containing exactly one ounce of water. Put the sealed container and only-copy-of-secret-key together on a shelf for X years, check back later and one oz H2O + 1 BTC remain accessable there, unchanged.
Spend the BTC and let it mix into the blockchain of further transactions, and it's temporarily unique identity is equally lost to if you pour the 1oz water into the ocean.
@_date: 2012-06-27 22:34:00
Really, most routers today filter out spoofed IP source addresses by default, and any IP address that gets spoofed means that either the IP originator, or one of the transport links from them to you are allowing spoofed data to not only leak in along the sides, but routing back the response packets you sent to the attacker instead of the valid IP address. (SMTP relies on TCP and two-way communication before any SMTP message is accepted)
And that's the story for every security technology: you always have to make some assumptions on the thoroughness and completeness of some rigid process somewhere to make it work.
Some systems have tighter or more trusted security than others. SSL is considered harder to attack than source IP (although attacks exist, such as the null-character common name hack many certificate authorities are still vulnerable to to this day..) which in turn is much harder to attack than forged "From" addresses.
But it's not wise to give out unqualified "shoulds" and "should nots" about what to trust just because of a relative costs to attack through that vector. It all boils down to the value of the asset being protected.
Trusting "From" addresses or envelope headers is a bad idea unless you have some assurance that all potential attackers are that naive (eg, a grade schooler trying to forge an excuse to get out of class :P) Trusting source IP is a lot more solid for scarcely more resources to audit it. Trusting SSL or crypto signatures is more solid still, but requires everyone to participate in that system first so the costs jump up quite a bit.
@_date: 2012-08-29 00:19:50
I'd rather get paid in Bitcoin for doing a job than in Euros. :P
Anyone with a bank account can accept Bitcoin via [BitPay]( and it automagically gets converted to USD and ACH'ed to your bank account (~4% fee). Alternately you can accept bitcoin, trade it at [bitfloor]( and ACH to your bank account by hand (~0.4% fee and finger-joint grease).
Soon the [Bitinstant]( prepaid debit card is slated to come out, which will allow people to pay for arbitrary USD needs from their Bitcoin wallets or get USD cash from an ATM.
Bitcoin is still new, and a bit cumbersome to work with but it is rapidly maturing too. The most salient advantage to bitcoin for an application like telepresence work compared to direct ACH, paypal, international wire etc aside from anonymity or tax evasion and potentially low fees is simple deregulation.
No government or third party bank or payment processor can prevent the initial payment of wages from occurring. You're not relying on Paypal, on Visa or the relationship between an employer's bank and an employee's bank to let that money through. Paypal's not going to freeze your account on a whim, Visa or a bank is not going to blackball you because the service is controversial. Porn? medical marijuana? Wikileaks? Amazon Checkout recently shut down a book seller because they competed with Amazon's book business.. you get the picture. You can even hire and pay people to perform work where it would be illegal in their oppressive homeland to do the job. 
Additionally you have the option to hold that bitcoin, and decide when and how to convert it into a local currency to pay for every day needs, or you can spend it again to anyone else who does accept bitcoin without paying (virtually) any extra fees to convert or to send.
Now once you do convert Bitcoins to fiat, you will incur the fees and hassle and intrusiveness of a third party to do the deed. Bit-pay charges 3.9% and 3 day ACH delay. [Fastcash4bitcoins]( has a $20usd minimum to cash out to Paypal. But at least you do that on your timescale, with the amounts you choose, and the source of the funds are at least trivially obfuscated from the processor with no extra effort so they cannot easily deny payment based on prejudice.
**tl;dr**: Bitcoin is the first and today only viable means for a citizen to have direct, unimpeachable control over their money in a digital form. Especially this early in the currency's development, that distinction may not matter enough for every transaction you'll make .. but for telepresense work where small parties need to transfer funds without tons of overhead, it's pretty damned attractive. :B
@_date: 2012-12-13 14:56:31
Reading through pdf document now. I see this phrase:


.. but then the analysis continues to do nothing but count blocks thereafter. Are there methods by which length is determined by greatest proof of work, instead of by greatest block height?'
For example, if an attacker in Bluffdale runs his own mini-mining network, working on a rogue fork of the blockchain and not endorsing blocks minted by the remainder of the network, then whenever difficulty is recalculated on his chain it will be done based on solely his work after the fork. Since this chain will see his mining efforts as the only ones left in the world, difficulty will drop as quickly as it can to match this new estimation of global power, and each block he subsequently mines will represent less proof of work.
@_date: 2012-12-14 00:05:41
Now, I just cleared my cookies and got very similar results to OP. Does this search customization extend to IP addresses somehow? Should I test no cookies + tor next? :O
@_date: 2012-11-21 00:55:49
I'd say the level of hassle depends on your circumstances, really. :3
I was an avid Secondlife player long before I had ever heard of Bitcoin, so it's pretty convenient for me to simply convert profits I make in SL directly into coin here. Then when I want to turn some excess USD into Bitcoin, that pump is already primed.
@_date: 2012-08-25 02:33:04
At that scale, is there really any variance though? I've seen the [Total Bitcoins in Circulation]( chart which is a function f(n)=50n of the number of blocks, and that looks like a pretty flat graph to me, indicating that over the scale of a day the number of blocks is not going to vary far from 144.
I'm just curious what the probability is that the halve will occur on a day other than [Dec 3]( :3
@_date: 2012-11-25 02:58:58
For some reason this makes me want to create a bot that will ninja into the spread on a slow market and place and then fulfil it's own buy and sell orders just to draw squiggly lines that please me, such as ocean waves or sine waves or zigzags. Maybe even morse code. xD
Sure would be expensive in commissions to try such a thing, tho. :Q__
@_date: 2015-04-27 19:16:04
The issue is that the bitcoind/qt wallet file holds more than the keyring, it also holds blockchain indices which speed the lookup and verification of balances held by those collection of keys. :3
@_date: 2015-04-20 23:42:39
I guess the point is that *if* we chose to trade this new magical base metal instead of the old numbers in a database controlled by people in a terrible conflict of interest to keep track of our favors, then an entire dimension of potential harmful power against us would be removed not only from those people but from anyone ever again.
@_date: 2015-04-22 03:20:18


Not a huge difference. Bruce Schneier is fond of repeating that today's classified government tools become tomorrow's PhD theses and the next day's hacker tools.
If you look back at [the last time top security commectial key material got stole]( how long before this skeleton key the government is asking for gets the same — whether or not the leak even makes the news?
Every backdoor built for the convenience of a separate administrative entity is by definition a security flaw. The only reason backdoors for the *same* entity aren't always considered as such is because.. well.. those are *front* doors without which ordinary use would be impossible. ;3
@_date: 2015-04-07 08:19:33
Wow, number of things of which I was not aware = 2 then. Thank you kindly, stranger! :3
@_date: 2015-04-22 02:35:59


You see, that's the thing about Bitcoin. Whether a government chooses to outlaw un-licenced use of it or all use of it has absolutely zilch to do with Bitcoin itself. Plus, they wouldn't do the former to appease lapdogs unless they intended to do the latter without them.
The network itself is basically as impossible to completely stop people in any region from using as it has been for them to stop people from hoarding gold, distilling achohol or growing pot. Whether they try or not — even using whitelists — is not under our control.
However, the more people and businesses involved with Bitcoin and the more healthy commerce that does go on in the light of day, the more any government will be harmed by proposed abuses to the network and the more baby they get chained to before they try to get rid of the bathwater.
I think Bitcoin will flourish even if Government tries to make it absolutely illegal and pours lots of resources into trying to completely eliminate it. I think Bitcoin will flourish even if Government attempts an embrace-and-extend maneuver of surveillance and partial illegality. But, I believe that Bitcoin will flourish faster and remain more resilient to their grimy paws, with fewer of it's users being caught and harmed and fewer dedicated businesses being disrupted and opportunities lost in the latter case than in the former.
Especially since the latter case squeezes innovation and profit out of the borders that attempt to apply said pressure just like a tooth-paste tube, and leave the government feeling the pinch due to even it's lapdogs starving and bitching and offering back less tribute.
Bitcoin cannot be harmed by government investment, endorsement and *innervation*. Instead, it leaves government in a position where *it* in turn can be harmed by anything that harms Bitcoin. In fact, it is the same incentive balance that miners experience: where crime (immorality) just fails to pay or to suit their needs and interests as well as just playing along does. :P
@_date: 2015-04-09 00:30:54


By which I assume you mean roughly [this cartoon]( about standardized testing.
Choosing where to gather to discuss things you feel you cannot discuss in the unpopular place with the rules you don't like is in no way related to standardized testing. You can make a new subreddit here. You can host your own forum where you are freaking God.
You can even make certain your little kingdom knows how to climb a tree. It is after all your forum, and Joomla or php groupware or whatever is full of tree-climbing plugins. (whatever that would even look like I leave as an exercise to the reader.. ;P)


Godwin's Law? Godwin's Law. I neither know nor give a damn about the rest of the quote, nor do I have to because anybody who cannot make a point without trotting out comparisons to Nazi Germany is not worth holding a discussion with.
@_date: 2015-04-25 13:24:33
No, it's exactly where whoever has an agenda needs it to be, and you're a sexist if you try to suggest any alternate pattern to describe the available evidence.
What are you, new? xD
@_date: 2015-04-11 10:33:59
I'm not worried about outcomes.
I didn't choose bitcoin because "if everybody in the world jumps at the same time in just the right way it would move the world", I chose it because it is a dominantly superior tool for a ton of use cases. You can either grock that, use the tool, and profit or fall behind while your competitors eat your lunch. Why should either outcome worry me?
@_date: 2015-04-23 00:35:59
Then he wouldn't have been over-charged 5 more times, for starters. He would be no worse off than he is now save the time he had to sink whining to the bank to clean up a much bigger mess.
Also, OP never mentioned but if the site was sketchy enough to rebill his card until it hit it's limit, who knows if they are sketchy enough to sell his CC data and/or use it themselves for identity theft? That avenue would also be starved by purchasing with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-04-11 10:43:10
Well, if Linux never takes over desktop only because the platform dies before it gets the chance, then why must that be a failure of any sort? "real"hacker claims this is an apt analogy of *failure* after all.
@_date: 2015-04-22 23:52:51
Fine then. New payment system: people are just recorded as spending whatever they informally thought that they spent and let all of VISA's perfect fraud detection and transaction legitimacy heuristics sort it out in the end.
"But this system sucks, it isn't practical!" "Sorry, since this is now easier on the end user than a card swipe, and literally requires zero interaction on their part, it is officially unbeatable. So stop bitching".
@_date: 2015-04-07 01:23:03
You do not require internet access, there are tons of wallet providers that allow you to do all of your business via SMS. That said, 90+% percent of the world have active cellphone service while less than half have bank accounts.
@_date: 2015-04-11 10:41:38
Well, it's easier to list the negative then, isn't it? 
Windows desktop, and it's minority of servers and much more acute minority of mobile phones.
Macintosh desktop (because FreeBSD is not *strictly* Linux.. even if it is a fraternal twin), Ipad, Iphone.
Woops, I've ran out of mildly complicated computing platforms to list.
@_date: 2015-04-02 01:44:34
Their balances are denominated in BTC, so claiming this is unrelated to Bitcoin is on par with claiming that Paypal is unrelated to USD just because you can't trade paper bills with them sans intermediary.
Sure, it's off-blockchain, but if the service existed then you would be free to withdraw Changetip -&gt; BTC instantly which would turn any smartphone into an fast and effective unidirectional 24/7 BTM.
@_date: 2015-04-22 03:13:46
.. unless you were that one person able to bet the opposite side of that book. Then life would be pretty interesting on your yacht in Barbados! xD
@_date: 2015-04-13 21:01:10


Well that's only a "zomg nobody else can afford better than dialup in 2020" worst case scenario, and still tons better than "everybody gets to run a node but since literally none of them can afford to reliably post a transaction across it, no dial-up users would ever have a reason to".


Have you ever tried to book a hotel at 2am with 50% empty rooms and haggle a price? It is far too late at night for that many people to suddenly come through and try to pay full price, but the hotel *still* will not budge.
Hell, your claims of motivation would have that hotel let you stay in the room for a penny (or perhaps 1 penny more than cleaning costs) only because they know "full" ain't ever happening tonight even if they do let you in and because $0.01 &gt; $0.00.
But no hotel I have *ever* heard of would do this, and this consciously turning away revenue *even when it is obvious* will not be directly replaced is *precisely* like setting a minimum-allowed tx fee at a mining pool and sticking to those guns even when the blocks are not full.
Why? Because caving in to lower prices *devalues your product*. Why would any half-way rational miner devalue their own product? Why would you fill any block with less than what you need to run your gear (in comparison to half-filling it with 25% less still) if that last dash for table scraps also serves to train the public that you will offer them fast confirmation times at tx rates that cannot reasonably support you?
On the other hand, when you actually *set* a minimum rate then any tx fees which short it run the risk of you finding the next block and they having to wait an extra step to get confirmed. Your pool is probably a small chunk of the world, but it's non-zero. Also, *most* pools will act rationally (like hotels, choosing not to devalue their product), which means setting and standing by (and quite probably advertising) their own minimum tx rates which creates a cloud of prices advertised representing a gradient to consumers how much it costs to have their tx confirmed approximately how fast.
In comparison, "bidding for addition into tiny blocks" provides no market at all because you cannot predict how many other txns with what fees are going to try getting into the same block. Even financing 10x the miner's cost to mint a block cannot guarantee your transaction gets in because it is musical chairs. Every full block guarantees that *some transactions have to miss the bus* and that some commerce *has to be delayed*, potentially forever (or until the 24 hour mempool limit expires) and in an *absolutely* unpredictable and capricious manner.
Fire your txn now, and watch a ten thousand more poor in over the next minute in a spike of activity each with higher fees than you, taking hours to sift through the dialup-bottlenecked network. Woops! I guess I just can't use Bitcoin, today. I'll have to roll the dice again tomorrow *just to try to sell off this worthless asset* and move this balance to fiat or to an alt that still predictably allow transactions to even occur.
@_date: 2015-04-27 19:13:53
I'd love to see this contrasted with USD, EUR, and XAU volatility over the same time period. :3
Because it's one thing to say "X is less volatile than Y" but it's quite a different thing to have a definitive link prescribing exactly *how much* less volatile to reign in the constant hyperbole. 
@_date: 2015-04-02 01:16:24
This generation must just be too unfamiliar with concepts like tent poles to use *those* in their analogies. ;3
@_date: 2015-04-19 11:04:44
Alright, I am going to call this post as crossing beyond any sort of good faith discussion. 1&gt; linking to a harassment human-centipede sub as a "source", 2&gt; child porn red herring.
You can pretend you're trying to have a discussion all that you want, but all you are really trying to do is to shock, offend, and harass. Game over!
@_date: 2015-04-17 05:38:42


So OP says he feels the sub is being attacked, and you say you feel the sub has attacked you (citation there wouldn't go amiss, by the way).
Have you had a look at this video which does a fair job describing the sort of discussion phenomena you describe?
@_date: 2015-04-15 12:04:32


So you think it's smart for holders to make *two* risky time-based exchanges in a row, just to try to squeeze some blood out of other stones *prior* to BTC spiking again?
1&gt; You have to choose to sell now and hope that your sell point was not approximately the nadir, with X% increases every day following or anything like that, every inch of which would represent loss comparative to if you had simply held instead.
Sure, if you start your journey today that outcome is *unlikely*, but some large company making some big move that shifts market incentives is at least *conceivable* any time over the next short time period. So why be tardy to that train?
2&gt; You have to choose to buy back in *before* the run up. This means you would lose (round-trip instead of only comparative) if you had your assets elsewhere, and wake up to BTC making 1000% gains *AND* you would *ALSO* lose if you bought in at the top of a false high just to see it slide back down some more.
I completely disagree with your advice. I think that if you believe BTC will rise again any time within your solvency period (mine is 10-20 years; and I think BTC has a hard time rising *after* that.. either it rises earlier or something leads to complete network failure) you should simply hold (unless maybe you just enjoy slot machines, I'unno. I mean SDice *is* also a thing, after all..)
.. or if you do *not* believe it will rise again within your solvency period, or you're just tired of this speculative balance tied up in this asset, then you should sell out whenever is comfortable (now or try to time a mild high, your choice your gamble) and invest where you think the real, long term potential is *with no plans to come back at all*.
But then again, I am no day trader. I view my investment as basically a long term bet. I bought in with $X I had available to risk on this subject in order to claim a share of this network as my own, based on the supposition that Bitcoin offers a comprehensive set of financial features that cannot reasonably be duplicated *at all*.
As a result I firmly believe that inexorable demand will seep in and maintain unstoppable internal pressures within this network: so long as the proper tools and infrastructure continue to be built and mature to facilitate that and assuming the network itself does not somehow just collapse. If it does, then I see a pay off (as well as inroads to understanding the bare metal and potential opportunities within the network) while if it fails I see a planned loss and for that price I get the front row seat of what can go wrong with this generation of attempts at trustless cash technology.
I may even see my value tied to BTC lost as another alt instantly rises to power by virtue of being capable of surviving whatever took down the first protocol. I may see all blockchain-style alts crash to the same weakness. I may see how much serious state pressure it takes, and how much callous disregard for the public it takes, to fight and win a war against a threat like this.
Whatever I do see, it's one of the slow, rare times where I've invested my money/time/resources where my beliefs are and even if I don't always win I do always remain rapt to see where it goes. :3
@_date: 2015-04-14 03:05:13


If the harassment draws them out into angry or nonsensical diatribes, then it may have the intended effect.
When has there ever been attempts at misinformation that do not also seek to cause emotional harm? Spreading misinformation is not a polite business, it is most effective when your enemy is made to feel hurt and rattled by your efforts.
Really I don't see that motivation changing if you are seeking cruel entertainment or calculated behavioural manipulation.
@_date: 2015-04-22 23:48:07
chargeback != refund.
Yes, it is true that you cannot arrange a chargeback with Bitcoin. But the "5 tickets" he did get a chargeback for never would have even happened had he initially paid with Bitcoin, and there currently exists no indication he will get the chargeback for the principal credit card transaction back anyway.
Sure, it sucks to pay cash to a crooked merchant. But it sucks more offering a crooked merchant a blank check to charge anything they want against you and then just hope that the bank believes your side of the story instead of the professional con artist, doesn't it? õ_O
@_date: 2015-04-19 11:54:18


Mmmmbut are you certain of that? ;3
@_date: 2015-04-13 20:10:01
So if "value transfer by proxy" is not one of the potential "uses" of Bitcoin, then it shouldn't matter if they proxy through Coinbase or proxy through software like Bitcoin-QT.
What I suspect you are actually upset about is simply that they are not hodling instead of .. I'unno .. *using their revenue cash flow to pay their liabilities* like some kind of a business.
But if you point them towards any reasonable wholesaler that sells shit that they need for BTC, they have a fair chance to not convert some small percentage in order to save money doing business with that wholesaler. Until then, it's not their business to hold your bag as a favor to you.
Make it worth their while.
@_date: 2015-04-19 10:55:30
Keep in mind, Atheism was already over a million subscribers at that point. I do not frequently see that kind of thing happening on smaller subs like this one, especially not without a sea change of mod ownership (and Theymos has been in charge here for at least 4 years now).
But there exists no realistic slippery slope between "oh, I am a mod I suppose I had better log in and do mod things from time to time" and dystopian nightmare. If there *was* then, again, *no subreddit would ever need mods* and without mods the site would require no subreddits.
@_date: 2015-04-02 00:52:22
No. But it is the 100 year anniversary of April first, 1915. And do you know what happened on that day?
A lot of pranking. Presumably some of it by Telegram. :9
@_date: 2015-04-17 06:30:32
.. and for letting mod him for fun for an hour, so that the very teenagers you mention — scrapping for a fight to watch  — could spread misinformation about how "buttcoin and bitcoin share the same mods! It's all a giant conspiracy, man! (I am just going to keep yelling this again, from sockpuppets if need be, as though I just learned it no matter how many times I am corrected!)" that spreads like chain mail and can no longer be honestly halted with a simple "Um.. no, that's completely made up?" when impatient masses have no patience to wait for clarification.
In fact I am only even aware of the whole hemp drama due to five different clueless commenters on the same day trying to lay the "bitcoin and buttcoin share the same mods, man" spiel on me.
Look. At the end of the day, you wanting to see cars crashing is not a directly harmful desire. But you've at least got to extend some respect and courtesy to people who would simply like to *drive* a car without constantly having to look out for [the Swoop and squat](
On the other hand, if you find yourself equally pleased by the *results* of either a blow hard hoist by their own petard or simply upset ants in a poked anthill then that really would be an exploitative position as well and it's liable to carry in your tone whenever you do reply or engage in more pedestrian discussion.
@_date: 2015-04-07 03:07:56
You would exhaust about 2/3 of the permutive space after 3^58 = 195,112 addresses generated. Based on how long the video shows one address creation taking (~10 seconds) I'd guess you could obtain an exact-match 3 char prefix in about 20 days on average. :3
@_date: 2015-04-22 03:41:34
If it's encrypted and you own the keys to it, then decrypt/compress/re-encrypt.
If it's encrypted and you don't own the keys to it, and you're worried about the space it takes up until you have sufficient power and technique to brute force it, then I recommend the curiously powerful compression suite "rm".
@_date: 2015-04-18 10:52:17
Well, I will tell you that I don't know whether or not "I am being conspired against", but I can compare the situation to bullying. To be very blunt:
* One small group of people invents a piece of software (currency/payment system/protocol/what have you) called "Bitcoin", and more people flock around to learn and celebrate this thing.
* Within a year or two, another group of people create a website and later a subreddit called "Buttcoin" with the express intent to ridicule and humiliate the first group of people.
This is basically identical to calling names or pushing other people around on the school yard.
Now if you had transferred into a school where one group of people dedicated themselves (rightly or wrongly) to an abstract thing, and a second group of people dedicated themselves explicitly to harassing the first group, would it make sense if the first group was at least a little bit sensitive or quick to judge?
Keep in mind that while both groups are capable of having assholes, ignorant or obtuse people in them (and there is nothing stopping "either" group (lol) from [attacking people in the wrong group's name]( only one of the groups lacks a reason to exist aside from ignorant, obtuse, asshole harassment.
At the very deepest level, the other sub is not called so you've got to take it with a grain of salt when that's what they position themselves as trying to do. Because if you buy that, they are probably having fun at *your* expense as well as anybody else's.
@_date: 2015-04-22 03:23:25


( Σ(n) = -1/12 ) / 0 + the last digit of π * the first digit of Graham's number
@_date: 2015-04-17 05:06:02
Yeah: but it's poe's law. A troll will not *tell* you that she knows she is a troll, at least not until after she thinks the damage is done and the audience has all gone home. Trolls will present themselves as "moderates" or "the voice of reason" and hide behind the convenient "boo hoo, everybody is just afraid of reality" facade.
@_date: 2015-04-19 11:51:33


Well the simple case is that is not true and never has been. It sounds as though you are aware of it, but electricity is not free, mining eats electricity and by and large there have almost never been moments when the amount of Bitcoin any gaming rig any person might already have could mine (in contrast to custom built GPU and FPGA mining rigs) would exchange at the same moment for enough fiat to pay for the electricity that it ate.
And that's *by design*: any such moments which did exist got a ton of gear purchased by very few hardcore miners to close that gap and put profit in their own pockets.
Yes, I understand that people *got this false impression* quite frequently. Unfortunately, what technological thing have laypeople *not* constantly got the wrong impression about? :&lt;
@_date: 2015-04-02 01:39:44
I'm sorry.. you want to.. shred a handjob in order to increase your BTC balance?
@_date: 2015-04-25 13:35:10
It's also irrelevant to the discussion. Aussie simply found a single, 11/78, hugely downvoted and flamed poster who got one of his comments removed to try to represent the entire sub with.
Strawman, much?
Maybe next week we can call Burger King racist because somebody uploaded a youtube clip of an enraged customer who got removed from the store screaming the N word on the way out.
@_date: 2015-04-17 05:41:46
The word you're looking for is "parasite".
Meh, that's why I describe all of the abusive "meta" drama-feeding subs (subreddit drama, SRS, etc) as Human Centipede reddits. They do not find or share new material or news from elsewhere on the internet, they just have a predilection to eat what has already been shit elsewhere on reddit instead.
It also describes why so many have such coprophiliac names. **Butt**coin, **Shit** Reddit Says, etc.
@_date: 2015-04-09 00:00:38
Godwin's Law, check. But how would this even apply in context if you *weren't* comparing choice of which of infinite potential forums to speak in with black bagging citizens to deport to work camps and gas chambers?
@_date: 2015-04-20 17:00:13


Just off the top of my head, you could be citing:
* Bitpay's blog, or url's of official numbers published by Bitpay. Perhaps a link like that was buried somewhere at the bottom of the porta-potty you first attempted to direct me to, but I make it a point not to fish into the more ass-obsessed areas of the internet hoping that anybody dropped anything valuable amidst the pools of feces.
* Sum up the salient points of the conversation (again, picking the useful bits out from among the feces and washing them off) and write a blog post about it, or point to somebody else writing a similar blog post. Ideally not a blog published in a space named in such a way as to clarify intent to mislead and ridicule, you know, if *at all* possible.
I have had this conversation with a number of people before, but of course it is not "impossible" to hold a constructive or meaningful conversation in a forum built for and dedicated to the sole purpose of harassing others for entertainment value. Neither is it "impossible" to hold such a conversation in the middle of a KKK rally. Yet none of that makes it an ordinary person's responsibility to dive into those venues just to hear that conversation: it is equally "not impossible", and in fact far, far preferable to hold such conversations in spaces where harassment is not welcome.
@_date: 2015-04-08 04:28:24
"Not with *that* attitude!"
@_date: 2015-04-27 18:49:49
Way to Appeal to Inappropriate Authority there, would-be market expert. xD
@_date: 2015-04-14 02:22:47


Did you not read where I said "(or perhaps 1 penny more than cleaning costs)"?
A hotels room liabilities include "cost for one person to wear this room out", primarily cleaning costs.. plus "ambient cost shared by all customers to keep the entire building and business running". It is poor strategy to bill customers at cost just for their wear on the room or you will guarantee zero revenue to cover the building.
A Pool Operator's (or miner mining P2pool or solo or similar) liabilities include "cost to include one transaction in the block", which is very close to zero give or take updating work batches and extra time on the wire broadcasting the block, but it *also* includes "ambient costs shared between all accepted transactions to keep the entire operation running in general".
Thus it is obviously poor strategy to charge your customers (literally meaning accept lower tx payments than) only your marginal cost per txn (virtually zero) or you *will guarantee* zero revenue for your operation as a whole.
If, on the other hand, your pool only accepts transactions above price X *even when there is more room in the block* then you sacrifice some table scraps and pennies in return for placing real pressure on all transactors unlucky enough to short change you when you're block gets discovered because they then must suffer a delay. The more miners that choose to set a standard and require a minimum fee, the more transactors are trained to mind their fees to ensure speedy confirmation.
Does this benefit a competing miner who comes after you to pick up the slack and the table scraps? Only by the amount of the table scraps, which we have already established is *not* enough to keep anybody afloat in the long run and thus also not enough to ruin your own dignity trying to earn.
@_date: 2015-04-02 01:24:49
Nah, Google and others have been doing straight-faced april fools promotional videos for ages now. It was already so prevalent in 2004 that the *actual* Gmail launch was mistaken by many to be one of them, since that was literally announced Apr 1.
My other favorite straight-faced-but-amazing Apr 1 announcement was the Bitcoin price in 2013. Bwahaha! &lt;3
@_date: 2015-04-22 03:01:46
One of the few things I know about Chile is that in 2010 Haiti (other side of the continent) had like [a 6.9 Earthquake]( and every cardboard box fell over and *hundreds of thousands* of people died. International aid showed up and did their thing, and everybody in the aid community felt pretty good about themselves.
6 weeks later, [the sixth most powerful earthquake ever measured by seismagraph]( (basically 500 haitian earthquakes each standing on the head of the other one) hit the center of Chile causing 15-30 billion dollars of damage and a Tsunami so big that it fucked shit up as far away as San Diego and Japan, but only 500-600 people died. This is a geologic phenomena that changed how fast the Earth rotates to the tune of half a leap-milisecond per year and moved the entire city of Concepción 10 feet towards the Pacific for Christ's sake.
The International Aid community was feeling pretty good about itself following their assistance in Haiti, so they turned to Chile next who basically just said "Look, thanks guys, but we've got this! :P"
On the heels of Katrina flooding New Orleans, do you think even the US could have pulled off an internal relief effort of that magnitude?!
@_date: 2015-04-07 02:11:54
Luckily, there *cannot* be any known failure for RIPM160 to evenly distribute any sub-portion of it's 256 bit input space into it's outputs, or else that would immediately qualify as a direct attack against RIPM160 regardless of input.
Put in another fashion, the existence of such a method in the wild to weight RIPMD160 input brute force attempts based on any features whatsoever of the output would lead to "RIPMD160 at least partly compromised" news and probably prompt Bitcoin protocol to wean away from that address scheme entirely.
That said, brute forcing 2^160 inputs is equally impossible with all known human technology today and anything we can reasonably predict over the next century as brute forcing 2^256 inputs would be. In addition, there are not presently even any known Quantum Computing techniques to weaken RIPMD160.
@_date: 2015-04-17 05:25:55
[Rustle Jimmies mode, activated]
You're absolutely correct. Keep in mind that Bitcoin is nothing but a tulip bucket shop that is liable to crash to zero any minute, so every single last person who posts in this sub really *relies* upon lies and misinformation for their bag to have any value at all for the next person to hold, let alone "go to the moon" as though pogs were coming back into fashion or something.
Bitcoin has no value and zero utility. Why learn all of this math bullshit when you can just give all of your money to somebody you've never met before to keep an eye on it for you and authorize your payments to any place in the world instantly and for free?
It's not like they're going to steal it or ever make a mistake, only *math* makes mistakes, man. It's not like there's any place you can't spend it either unless YOU'RE A CRIMINAL.
Hell, when I buy things using my cool-person credit square, not only is it no fees but they pay *me* like, 15% cash back and thousands of miles of airplane points (only redeemable for flights from London to Perth on Feb 29th) to boot.
Where does all of that extra money come from you ask? From creating an avalanche of value by *doing what you're told* and not asking questions, of course! xD
@_date: 2015-04-09 05:13:20
I guess it depends on the post. Maybe the buttcoiners are all Christian fundies or something? *shrugs*
@_date: 2015-04-05 04:28:35
Funny, OP says the opposite:


Should I take her word or yours? 
Let's put this another way: Has somebody been *convicted* of something? If not, then I'm thinking "Innocent until proven guilty" should guide our decisions of who should be on the hook for which investigations.
Or perhaps somebody should put in an anonymous tip or two that you need to be investigated next? 
EDIT: And.. OP name shows up as deleted in this post, and the message I was replying to got deleted. Please be advised that my observations aren't necessarily going to apply to an altered context. Thank you.
@_date: 2015-04-19 11:56:25
Not a fixed amount of "much demand", no, because Bitcoin is still in it's inflation phase. To keep the price up or rising requires *rising* demand.
Maybe we won't see that for another little while, such as not until the next awesome Bitcoin app/software/company gets launched. But it would take a network failure to see zero either, so I'll just wait here patiently. ;3
@_date: 2015-04-17 06:15:44
Yes. [These guys]( are just so misunderstood, and should be allowed to blossom into productive members of the community instead of allowing .. basically .. anyone else? to have a conversation in peace.
@_date: 2015-04-23 18:55:42
The words of your sentence do not follow English grammar or refer to enough unique concepts to have meaning. Rendering each letter into binary ascii fails to change that.
You may as well have written "And why they man but shoot when hit dawn fret".
@_date: 2015-04-19 11:59:16
Actually, what were you even talking about? You were replying to a post demanding that *Credit Card Companies* add 2FA to prevent identity theft, and you went off on a tangent about buyer fraud. Would adding 2FA to credit cards *prevent* them from offering fraud protection or something? õ_O
@_date: 2015-04-20 18:14:01
Ah ha! Thank you for that clarification. Even when he [replied directly to me]( I just misread what he wrote both times, partly thanks to his unusual way of spelling the name. :o
I would accept Tanzania as a much better analogue for Thailand in the discussion at hand than I would Tasmania by the way, as well. :3
@_date: 2015-04-17 05:02:07
I recommend taking a peek at this (non-bitcoin) video. :3
@_date: 2015-04-23 18:51:34
Well, off the top of my head in 1998 I gave the Juliana Hotel my credit card to pay for the honor bar while I attended the Java One conference in San Francisco.
By the time I got home I found that I couldn't use my credit card at all, it was over-limit because **the hotel had charged the complete stays for every room on the same floor I was on to my card**.
I took the freaking receipt for $16.87 to Wells Fargo, and they said they couldn't do a god damned thing about it. My boss eventually just recouped me for the charge, contacted the other companies who had employees at that hotel, and got 2/3 of them to reimburse him for the expense and ate the rest.
Now, was said event a mistake or malicious? The answer is "Who the fuck cares so long as you can get away with it".
For further reading I recommend that you Google.. I don't know.. *any case of identity theft or stolen credit card data ever*. Unless you can provide better documentation than the undoubtedly uber-prepared crooks, and/or the capricious mood of both circumstance and the bank happens to smile upon you, then you're not going to get very far once somebody decides your identity is valuable enough for them to exploit for their own purposes.
But it's okay! We understand: *You personally* profit from this way of doing business and have never fallen under the bus, so any alternative must be patently ridiculous.
@_date: 2015-04-16 05:10:44
Turn off safe-search. [Then you're arm can really get some excersize](
@_date: 2015-04-18 12:08:44
Umm.. I also have a debit card with credit card logos on, it but many companies can still tell that it is a debit card backing it all and they refuse your card.
* Hotels
* Car Rental
* Moving Van services like Uhaul
* And recently, even Coinbase's "credit card verification" step. ;3
... and these same companies reject stored value cards too, and for the same reasons.
@_date: 2015-04-08 01:03:10
He's not on the modlist for Are you alleging sock-puppetry, or am I missing something? :/
@_date: 2015-04-07 02:15:09
I prefer the ones with hex digits on the faces, but rest assured they make those too. ;3
@_date: 2015-04-25 13:11:46


I'm all for that, then. Allow some measure of commerce and innovation to happen in the permissive states while the backwaters with backwater laws suffer for their BS.
If it's a strategy that works for Google Fiber, then it can't be all that bad. ;D
@_date: 2015-04-08 04:27:55
Quite the rude reception. :P
Sometimes though, Poe's Law demands that I wonder how many of the stupidest and most laptongued posts aren't just posted by no-lifer sockpuppets looking for more drama to stir or misinformation to spread for lulz, on par with trying to deface wikipedia and see how long you can get away with it before you're found out. :(
@_date: 2015-04-07 08:17:33
It's what they used to call an iPad in ancient China. :J
@_date: 2015-04-19 11:37:09


Oh who will save us from tyranical Newegg, defrauding everyone who buys through them? *wrings hands*


If you did not realize that you *always* have to do your security yourself, then you never knew what the word meant.
For credit cards, that means don't broadcast your CC number, pin, CVV2 and SSN on twitter. Because anybody who learns your PII (including *absolutely every merchant* you purchase anything from ever, plus anybody who hacks them) can perpetrate identity theft against you.
And empty your bank account, and take out loans in your name, and claim your tax returns, and *commit crimes* under your name, getting you arrested for it. And make "woops I lost a few of my coins!" utterly pale in comparison.
Want the bank to rectify things? Want to get your stuff back? Fine: do a better job of convincing them that you are you than the scammer does. Hint: the scammer has been at this a hell of a lot longer than you have.
Oh, and good luck! :D
@_date: 2015-04-14 03:34:36
and/or just fecally obsessed. It's hard not to be anally retentive after you've shoved quite that many nickels up there, after all. :P
@_date: 2015-04-05 05:13:39


Is this your Freudian way of leaking that you short Bitcoin, since by your own admission the only reason to have a position is due to directly profiting from it?
Bitcoin takes 1 (one) confirmation, or an average of 10 minutes to be settled such that it would take a huge amount of mining power to reverse.
Many people (or for larger amounts) prefer to wait up to 6 confirmations (or an average of one hour) in order to be certain that even if 10% or more of the mining network all threw their profits to the wind just to fuck with you, it would still be beyond them to reverse your transaction.
But the recipient of funds is free to spend them again after 1 confirmation. Less than that if they are careful about TX malleability and other exotic concerns.
If I pay you with my bank account or CC, how long until you can spend the funds? 2 days, 3 days? This is what OP was quoting.
But let's really throw the covers off. How long until you can be certain I won't fraudulently charge you back (and naturally get away with it because "my passwords got stole, boohoo!")? 3 months maybe? Depending on the circumstances, in the US you can still be hit with chargebacks on transactions up to a year old.
But I offer this for the readers, because we both know your sockpuppet ass was already aware of all of this when you created a brand new troll account, and that the only thing you care about is trying to rustle Jimmies.
So, good luck trying to tear things down to try to feel important, or whatevs. I have things to build. ;3
@_date: 2015-04-22 23:13:39
w/o Bitcoin, a bank must process your payment and that bank gets to impose it's own nationalistic morals over your transaction.
w/ Bitcoin, you withdraw Bitcoin from Poker site. End of transaction.
This is such a sufficiently straightforward conclusion to draw that I'm only going to believe that you really did not understand (as opposed to being purposely obtuse in order to more easily pick a fight) if you either edit or delete your resulting fight in [this thread]( Thank you.
@_date: 2015-04-05 04:44:20
I guess that makes it clear why identity theft is at an all time high then.
If you can't even secure your own data enough to prove to your bank who you are — and thus that your balance really belongs to you — then yeah it will be just as challenging to prove the same to the blockchain.
But we can't blame that on lack of personal responsibility, now can we? Just boo and hiss at Bitcoin for offering the slightest bit of difference, and then sweep your own lost estates under the rug since you can't tell the criminals from the victims any more.
After all, it's only going to get better if you ignore every new tool that gets presented to you while the criminals do keep on innovating. :J
@_date: 2015-04-05 00:07:15
Well.. there exist people who cannot tell volatility from purchasing power, and about 36 of them so far pressed the orange "up" arrow on this graphic.
But zoomed out to the largest scale, these people are also saying "I like Bitcoin", which is an idea most people here can feel good about even if the details are wrong.
@_date: 2015-04-19 11:40:52


So um, how did you find your way to the Bitcoin sub, buddy? Go post in TwoX and tell them that women belong in the kitchen or something. :P
@_date: 2015-04-22 03:06:47


Sentence not coherent. Please try again.
@_date: 2015-04-08 00:55:55
I just went to look, I can't even see AutoModerator in common between the two subs. :P
@_date: 2015-04-08 01:02:02
Well, the point of "easier to evade than to ban" is that they don't have to pretend they're not evading. They can (and will) proudly flout how they "rustled the mod's jimmies" enough to earn a ban, and be fueled by their desire to earn another one.
I mean, they've basically got greasemonkey scripts to detect bans/shadowbans/hellbans etc and re-create an account for you with numbers at the end or out of a long list of options or whatever, and log you into that *while you're lazily browsing about the site*. :/
@_date: 2015-04-18 12:16:41


Umm.. yeah. Making change is a pain in the ass. Moreso if you're going to dig a pocket full of coin left-overs from previous transactions up just to see if you really have three quarters in there to trump the ".68" at the end of the price you were just quoted.
Then even if you succeed, you're just trading three large metal disks for 3 smaller ones. Congratufuckinglations.
I use my debit card for just about everything, but then when I got to places like the costco food court that is cash only is when things like this come up. Swipe and type a pin code, or swipe and sign a box, or dig out wallet and check what denominations of paper are there and optionally dig in pocket for the rattly metal disks like I'm trying to choose a pokemon card to counter the crap on the table in front of me or something.
Here are some other places I've been, too: night manager at a restaurant full of tills. "Carrying" all of that cash means making certain that the tills remain physically secure, and that employees don't wander away and leave them unattended. "Counting all this cash" means having the employees count down their tills, twice, with another employee present to double-sign the deposit sheet.
Finding that sort of routine "not to be a bother" is either dishonest or just naive.
@_date: 2015-04-09 05:15:55
All of which money? The ad campaign discussed in the sidebar, or is there another thing? õ_O
@_date: 2015-04-09 00:09:26
I keep hearing "They share the same mods", but the mod lists between the two subs are completely disjoint.
So, [I had this discussion yesterday](
Could you do me a solid and read through that and let me know if there's any data missing or being misrepresented there? The TL;DR is "one of these mods got added for an hour on as a joke and the conspiracy mill has been printing fresh copies about collusion ever since".
Which, I am certain, entertains the butters to no end that they could trick you into spreading their disinfo for them. :/
@_date: 2015-04-05 04:56:57


Not in the US, but yeah in most countries in Europe they've sorted things out a little bit better.
@_date: 2015-04-02 01:14:49
I'm going to adopt that as the new "If they can put a man on the moon.." xD
@_date: 2015-04-13 19:12:12


Mining is becoming centralized because of the bottleneck to compete at producing time and energy efficient hashes. The only outfits which mine profitably today invest *millions* of dollars in hardware, normally run hundreds to thousands of discrete rigs and store them in warehouses and datacenters.
The network bandwidth required to actually propagate enough mempool transactions to fill a block can be satisfied with a 56k dialup modem: 10Mbps connection be damned.
So are you seriously suggesting Luke, that some of today's multimillion dollar mining operations are going to go out of business for want of more than 56kilobits of network connectivity?


I don't know. It sounds to me, if anything else, like once block propogation and/or mempool transaction network exceeds the network capacity of any 56k-wielding mining operation, that they would set their own maximum blocksizes anyway, and if a mining pool which runs X% of the network wants at least Ybtc in tx fees then shorting that leaves you at a 100-X% risk of skipping each confirmation. How is that not a market already today? Pay more than the going rate to confirm timely transaction pickup.
Furthermore it sounds like your statement claims that hotels cannot even price their rooms unless they are constantly full and some vacationers are constantly unable to sleep in a town. In my experience, hotels set their own room prices to target profitability while they are still much *less than full*, and avoid giving out too many deals or they will damage the prices customers expect to have to pay.
While it sounds like false scarcity at first, the costs of running the entire building are real regardless of whether you pack it full or allow rooms to go empty at higher rates. Besides which, there are basically *always* more rooms in all the hotels in any town than there are people who want to stay on them even on the busiest nights. If any traveller cannot find a room, it is always because there is a free room somewhere *that they cannot afford* not because the town is actually *ever* packed.
@_date: 2015-04-27 18:05:42
Just think of the period like it's more of a comma than a decimal point.
Instead of "one's place, decimal point, tenths, (another decimal point?) hundredths"
What you are really looking at is:
An integer, that might be more than one digit. Period. Another integer, that might be more than one digit (repeat 1 or two more times).
@_date: 2015-04-23 00:54:30


One time cost that the merchant gateway (Coinbase, Bitpay, BIPS, etc) will often meet you half-way on just to get you onboarded as a new customer. Also, a miniscule drop in the bucket compared to the other crazy crap any such company's website already has to perform and keep up to date in order to book flights in the first place.
For example, have you ever seen authorize.net's API change? Have you sampled their annual PCI compliance review? Bitcoin gateways require none of that and installing one is at least a dozen times less effort than the annual *maintenance* of credit card processing integration.
So not zero effort, but *strikingly negligible* nonetheless.


Online support does not require point of sale support. Training your online support *department* to handle Bitcoin payment issues is no more effort than training them to handle this season's discounts, coupons and strategic partnerships. You just show them how the payment process works, train them on the half dozen popular things that might infrequently go wrong or confuse a user, and refer almost all real support requests to the merchant gateway where the meat of the process really happens.
That's assuming you even give a damn about your customer and your website. In contrast, how is your support team supposed to react to "your shitty website re-charged my card 6 times, and where are my tickets?!" That system sounds pretty expensive to support, from where I sit. :P


Merchant gateway eats 100% of volatility. But I suspect you already knew that and just needed to pad out your FUD list.


That is the real tipping point question that every business has to approach, but they have to approach it honestly. I've just described why the costs are negligible compared to the tiniest things these businesses already have to put up with, so we boil that down to dollars and say "This will cost me, I'unno, $2,500 of effort to implement and $50-100/mo to support". Then, ballpark how much Bitcoin revenue you'll see and take heed that a vast majority of that will represent customers who probably would have shopped elsewhere, otherwise. Also take processing fee and risk assessment savings into account since buyer fraud is impossible.
Do the Bitcoin profits cover the costs, such as $2.5k + $50-$100/mo suggested in my example? If they do then any further profits beyond that is free money. Go for it, already. If not, then the time is not yet right. Wait and see what happens next year.
@_date: 2015-04-07 03:01:00
Column A, Column B .. but [Benford]( would do a relatively poor job accounting for dice rolls because the source is entropic over a fixed limit instead of a regular population distribution. EG, when you roll a d10 you're every bit as likely to roll a 9 as a 1.
[Fourier Analysis]( would probably be a lot better way to determine if a given supposedly random sequence of numbers were generated by a high quality entropic process like a die or a low quality one, like a human. (Hell, if you could roll a million times or more it could even help you detect a defective die! :D)
[Here is a another, much more straightforward example of how humans are poor at entropy]( Of course, feel free to watch the whole video and that entire video list, I feel it's among the finest video-series-things ever uploaded to Youtube. :9
@_date: 2015-04-17 05:36:46


Since I read your comment but [then just read this one]( a couple of lines farther down, does it really sound like these are people "motivated by social curiosity" or who are concerned only about insular and unjustifiable investment enthusiasm?
You describe watching while people pilot their own vehicles into a crash but most of the people we are complaining about just walk down the sidewalk swinging frying pans at everyone within arms reach to get their dose of the giggles at eliciting so much reaction from everyone along the way.
@_date: 2015-04-11 10:50:17


Source: I'm named after a bloke who was never arrested for dozens of US Dollar bank, stage coach, and train robberies about 130 years ago.
It's just noise the public has learned to tune out hearing, which heavily biases their perception of real world events. Compare car crash fatalities to the much more sensational (if *far* more uncommon per passenger) airline fatalities.
@_date: 2015-04-18 12:20:58
I'm guessing you meant to reply [here]( (was next comment in thread in my sort view) :3
@_date: 2015-04-22 04:46:31
I'll tell you the difference that I see. Firstly, if the court order runs through a rubber stamp sham like FISA then agencies will just keep the full thing copied and ready to go on their workstations and field laptops because their convenience and pride trumps anyone else's well-being.
Otherwise if you needed any *real* due process to use a key like this, then why not instead just subpeona the service provider directly and use the front door instead of a back one?
The entire game of security is that it is folly to assume that you will never be compromised or that your secrets will never be leaked. The correct approach is to know that you *will* be compromised and both to make that as rare of an occasion as your budget allows and to plan for the swiftest and most complete recovery *when* it happens.
Handing a skeleton key to a third party doesn't leave an awful lot of room for this approach, because *if* that back door gets compromised no party will necessarily even know about it and if the third party knows you can bet you'll be the last to learn of it.
Again: *your* security is not *their* priority. See the US Government's non-response to Heartbleed for an example of that. A huge portion of Silicon Valley (and the rest of the country) was vulnerable to an unprecedented exploit that the government was perfectly aware of for months or years — and may have even engineered and planted themselves. Are they warning the large US companies to shore up their defenses (even under a gag order!) while they benefit from it to silently spy on foreign targets? Hell no. 29 hours after Google announced the problem I grabbed a test tool to scour my own servers. When a friend of mine mentioned that his hotmail account had been hacked that morning, I aimed said tool at Microsoft's signin server live.com and confirmed it was vulnerable. icloud.com? same thing. Wells Fargo? Bahaha! At least my servers beat them to safety (some by up to 6 weeks worryingly enough).
THAT is who you are giving these keys to. Keys compromised? Hell no they aren't going to tell you, they would sooner see you taken to the cleaners by any other party than even admit that they ever dun fucked up for a moment.
@_date: 2015-04-02 00:32:29
Read what? OP link offers no list of persons.
@_date: 2015-04-10 01:54:02
Maybe you don't, but I wouldn't mind at all. Damn Fundies, have to Jesus everything up alla time. xD
But really I don't know what the "obvious" is. The outlier is (and/or outliers may be) posts about proselytizing Bitcoin. Whether that's witholding the traditional candy presents children get or the traditional restaurant tips servers rely on for income in place of a reward hidden behind subscribing to a complex digital scavenger hunt that the potentially luddite target does not yet understand, or emailing large businesses and getting back an optimistic-sounding boilerplate response, or pinning a small business owner into a conversation they have no obvious way to get out of short of appeasing the pinner.
I can honestly understand why some people might find that distasteful enough to post a comment saying "I find this distasteful" in somewhat more colorful language.
And then I rarely see them to begin with because I've gotten to the point that I just tune out the posts that don't sound like they have enough scale to make much of a difference.
I believe in Bitcoin, but it's because I *do* understand the mechanics behind it. 98% of the people whom I know in real life couldn't set the blinking clock on a VCR back when blinking clocks on VCRs were a thing. Those people cannot be sold on Bitcoin's ideals, especially not while it's more work to gainfully participate in than doing your taxes online. Nor are they a particularly worthwhile target. We need big retailers, utility providers, wholesalers, and coders skilled enough to build new things on the Bitcoin platform.
Harassing the luddites or hiding kids' candy behind economics homework on a holiday only smacks of cruelty. :(
@_date: 2015-04-26 13:59:17
It's the power of [
@_date: 2015-04-25 13:40:47


So which do you want, more leading of a gender to water or more forcing them to drink it?
@_date: 2015-04-27 19:23:55
Well, let's see. The 2,500 square mile wireless network I am personally responsible for uses deisel, propane, and/or natural gas generators at many of the transmitter sites.
For the remaining sites, we've got a ton of portable generators that last ~48-96 hours per tank.
So if the mains power grid is down everywhere for a very long time, then our job is to get about a half dozen portable generators to various sites and then schedule a truck patrol to visit each mountain top with time to spare to top off their fuel.
As a result, several thousand people have wireless service they can access with their hand cranks (or, since hundreds of our clients are off-grid to begin with, then with their solar and battery systems).
Yes, this job is made more difficult still by other consequences of natural disaster such as traffic congestion, blockages, destroyed roads, not all employees available as many will be swamped by family concerns or evacuation. But, see Katrina and Haiti disaster response for how relatively versatile it is to either power existing infrastructure or wheel in brand new towers to aid in a relief effort.
@_date: 2015-04-03 05:25:28
Who said anything about it being OK? GP asked "does this apply to Snowden or not" and Parent replied, verbatim: "Read it, he is on the list". I asked what list, because that sounds like a handy bit of documentation to have one way or the other.
@_date: 2015-04-18 12:39:15
What is ridiculous about this title? Is it either untrue or does it mischaracterize the situation?
The only thing I can see is that "disable topup" is technically inaccurate given that you can deposit, but then just not actually use the deposited funds. But that is an utterly pedantic distinction: People use NetTeller to spend money at point of sale, not just to see a useless balance number get larger.
@_date: 2015-04-19 11:01:01
Ummm.. but what is the difference between and really? All it takes is a troll who wishes to pee in the pool, and then all of your "they will just ban evade and walk the line and mods could never possibly keep up" would still come into play.
So how on Earth could anyone "in it for the luls" ever resist any realistic opportunity to try to vote brigade NSFL content onto the front page of everybody's favorite safe, fluffy zone? It's all people *ever* do on chan-style image boards, so why don't we see it here?
Answer: mods just doing their job. Banning the offenders, removing the offending content, and the system does not fly apart as you've predicted one tiny bit.
If some subs can do it better than others, it may only be that they have better or more well trained and more equipped mod teams. If your mod team doesn't realize or care that targeting bad faith discussion is the goal instead of targeting dissent, then of course you're going to get vile echo chambers. But if the mods do nothing then you'll just get vile arguments and lulzfarming which is not *one iota* better.
@_date: 2015-04-09 00:14:27


Curious hypothesis. Which I've never heard of before. Is there any data to back this up?
@_date: 2015-04-19 11:23:35
I know, right? Shame on Newegg, since only mighty Discover can keep them from shipping empty boxes and laughing about it all the way to the bank.
They're just so unstoppably popular like Facebook that negative reports and court cases could never prevent more people from standing in line to be scammed next.
@_date: 2015-04-22 03:12:54
Yeah, I'm basically just curious what would have to say about this.
I mean sure, BTC raises and it falls all the time with a lot more fall than raise for the past year or so, but this is a pretty interesting big ticket trade no matter how you view it. ;3
@_date: 2015-04-11 10:35:05
You first, you fluffy reddit flame, you. x3
@_date: 2015-04-22 06:30:19


Umm.. in that case what is the exact length of the price chart curve between two points — such as 2015-01-01 to 2015-02-01 — in normalized units such as "usd/btc = 1 unit" and "hour also = 1 unit"?
So long as further zooming reveals additional detail (eventually you would have to get more data like individual trade events per market including OTC) that would otherwise inflate the length of said line then the curve IS fractal.
That being said, measuring the *amount* the apparent curve-length increases when using smaller measuring units allows one to calculate the exact fractal dimension, which I would eyeball-estimate to be 1.25.
@_date: 2015-04-18 12:23:50
Neither Coinbase nor Circle feel especially restrictive, to me. Ofc I live in the US, so different stories may play out in different places.
But the only thing you need "to get it" is for somebody to give it to you. Ideally in trade for some other thing that they value.
If our governments insist on making something that simple as difficult as they have when all items being traded are legal to own and legal to trade, then it's not precisely the items at fault, now. Is it?
@_date: 2015-04-22 03:03:32
Sounds like a great product to purchase locally, to boot! ;3
@_date: 2015-04-08 23:58:05
Did you .. copy/paste that comeback from a buttcoiner? Because I have sure heard them say precisely that quite a bit. :P
In any event I have seen a huge drop in troll activity over the past couple of months, though I can't say what the cause is and I'm not aware of any changed moderation policies on this end.
I can only hope that they just all watched [the CGP Grey Video]( or something. x3
@_date: 2015-04-02 01:38:53
I'm curious what makes the bill your property? Are you certain there exist no contracts of adhesion that clarify that the bill is the property of the federal government, but that you are licenced to physically transfer them to and from other people in order to settle debts, and not licenced to destroy or to reproduce them?
I know for a fact that bleaching and then carefully rendering Ben Franklin's face on "muh property" is a serious crime, so perhaps there do exist some limits to this "it's in my hands therefor I am it's ultimate god" outlook.
@_date: 2015-04-07 01:08:33
Well, scale for one thing. I've never, ever seen a bank fee less than $0.01.
$0.20usd might feel some friction with a $0.003 or smaller miner's fee, but Paypal and Credit Cards and such are nowhere near so charitable.
In any event, trustlessness costs *something* so microtxn are best handled off chain in my opinion. That said, there never has been nor might there ever be simpler withdrawal or deposit plumbing for a microtxn service than Bitcoin and it's pastiches.
@_date: 2015-04-25 13:42:23
The author this article was replying to used precisely that hyperbolic claim, though.
@_date: 2015-04-18 12:28:37
So in what way does bullying vendors to reduce the number of transactions you're about to earn a commission from improve your bottom line?
@_date: 2015-04-26 14:07:34
Project Lizard Tail. Your decoy wallet has to have a lot more than 0.005 BTC in it, or they're not going to be satisfied that they didn't just get punk'd.
It should have enough in it that it hurts to lose (hurts bad enough to be convincing) but still not be the whole roll.
@_date: 2015-04-17 06:08:03
Wait, it just describes one sub?
If you're advertising that "Bitcoin is full of craziness while Buttcoin is a sophisticated bastion of fair and balanced journalism", then I am afraid that the point of the video may have been entirely lost upon you.
It describes *two different sides*, both of which are angry at and wind up miscategorizing one another for the worst. If you can only see *one* side in an exchange like that, it's as clear of a sign that you simply belong to the other side (beholden to precisely the same but opposite bias) as saying "that man has no accent" is a clear sign that you simply share the same accent.
@_date: 2015-04-20 17:27:51


I didn't know that Bitcoin and Credit Cards were required to cover precisely the same domains, either, but Newegg (and so I would imagine other big box stores like that) are the only domain so far discussed in this thread.
Perhaps you can use your credit card at "HahaIwillscamyou.com" and get away with it because you can charge them back if they, well.. *scam you*. That would obviously just be a poor place to try to use Bitcoin (really, it's a poor place to try to do *anything*). But why do you make it sound as though Bitcoin has some kind of a huge problem that prevents adoption by the masses just because of throw-away merchants unafraid of hits to their reputation? I mean you have heard of Yelp before, right?
But the other reason you confuse me is: have the masses or have they not adopted *Debit cards*?
As far as I can tell, virtually every person who would use a credit card online will interchangeably use their debit cards. I am the only person I know in real life that even realizes the difference in chargeback procedure between the two — largely that for Debit Cards there simply exists none. You are screwed, thanks for playing. This was a $1600 lesson for me, though luckily it was one that my employer at the time ate on my behalf given that my card was negligently overcharged by a hotel for business expenses.
*Some* people that I know are hazily aware of the same precaution when cash is involved. But by and large if you train the stampeding masses that fraud is just "somehow not a concern" and they don't have to care how, then they're really not going to pay attention to *any* of the details, anyhow.


You tell me. Here is the body of the effort. You have possession over a chunk of information (be that your personal info plus what I mentioned in the tweet, or your wallet of private keys or your HD seed). Your job is to keep that secret. Except that with Bitcoin you do not have to leak it to every merchant you spend money at.
Most people keep their credit card data airgapped for the most part. It's stamped onto a piece of plastic in their wallet. Ask people to do something the same with Bitcoin by using a paper wallet, people lose their god damned minds.
People act so concerned about key loggers and malware on your PC stealing your Bitcoin secrets, but those same people don't feel at all concerned about the same tools stealing your credit card PII including pin, cvv2, and "VISA PROTECT" pin. Yet since it is static it is replayable: any keylogger on your computer would easily pick up all of that jive from any purchase that you make online (SSL and incognito and WPA2 and even tor be damned) and hackers from any corner of the globe could charge against your account that very same moment (hell if they have malware on your PC, they can do it right from your personal IP address!).
And none of that even begins to touch upon damage beyond what's in your account from identity theft, and the fact that no matter how careful you *personally* are with credit card info and PC security, the attackers will simply siphon them off of the zillions of merchants who cannot all be expected to become mini-banks securing hundreds of thousands of customer secrets all at once.
So do you want top security *and* without a lot of either hassle or understanding from the end user? You have both Coinbase and GreenAddress offering fall-off-a-log simple 2-factor multi-sig 2day 4free. 
You tell me how on God's green earth that is any more effort than (for every single purchase!) entering billing address, 16 digit card number, expiration date dropdowns, cvv2, VISA Protect, and then responding to voicemails from VISA 2 weeks later because they think Mojang is a "computer store located in Sweden" and you apparently hadn't flown there in the interim.
@_date: 2015-04-23 02:16:52


Well with a credit card the merchant is in control of whether or not the card get's charged, that is *why* he tried again. Because he was under the impression the card did not get charged in the first place. On top of that, he's probably been trained that "Who cares? Credit card is safe because chargebacks!"
Bitcoin literally does not work that way. You send money to the address, end of story. Your wallet tells you whether or not the transaction happened. If you are naive enough to just send more transactions, then you *will see* the balance on your wallet drop to zero while you are doing it and you will be quite obviously putting your faith in the target company to make things right if it turns out you are simply shoveling money into a pit like a moron.
@_date: 2015-04-14 03:27:42


To be fair, just because somebody calls you — Sukrim — a slimy, scab eating mutant has zero impact on how absolutely correct they may very well turn out to be.
Isn't insinuating insult through a tautology entertaining? Well I don't enjoy it very much but on the off chance you were actually not aware of that patronizing reading I at least felt it important to illustrate for you.
But of course anyone here is going to base their position on their insights having merit, and I think it's fair to give us the benefit of the doubt that when we speak of "trolls" (including the ripple pushers I've seen around) we are focusing our frustration on individuals who simply fail to debate in good faith whatsoever. That *is* in fact a strong indication that they are wrong, and if they do nothing *but* ad hominem and goal post moving and ridicule day in and day out, then one must question what motive but monetary incentive (and/or mental defect) could reasonably be expected to support that perseverance.
@_date: 2015-04-23 18:41:19
Excuse me while I die from embarrasment for not replying to somebody within 48 minutes who didn't even reply to me for 12 hours, ass munch.
@_date: 2015-04-13 19:49:10


Full disclosure: My network connection is more than dialup, so my node will continue running. I've got *runs a speed test* 30mbps at my house connected to a rural wisp and 1gbps (no data transfer fees) on my $6/mo VPS.
I'm really not sure how to put this, but if node distribution got terrible I am pretty sure I could sell subscriptions to SPV off of a node that I run that would cost orders of magnitude less than trying to outbid your way into every successive, overfull 1MB block.


Exclusivity is virtually never an issue in the Hotel industry either. They advertise a *fixed* room rate, so they are never worried about a building being full and then some prince from Nigeria shows up volunteering 10x the going rate or anything like that. In fact, customers never volunteer anything: they are told a rate and take it or leave it (or maybe try to haggle or use a service with group discounts or whatever).
Instead — save for perhaps the busiest seasons when your daily rates cannot keep enough people away — the hotels *actively set prices which prevent their buildings from being full*. As a result, *if* their building gets full then revenue greatly exceeds cost, while if they accept the predicted amount of business due to their pricing and marketing then they stay afloat with normally underfilled buildings.
But you will *never* see a hotel offering $0.01 cent rooms just because they want to steal business from the $0.02 cent competitor down the street. Game theory never takes them there.
@_date: 2015-04-07 01:16:28


IIRC We have at least a half dozen of those already. [GreenAddress]( being the first I learned about, but even Coinbase offers multisig now.
Did you know of these already or do you feel they somehow don't qualify? I am interest. :3


Welcome to the realm of computers. We all thought in the 80's they would change the world, but we were wrong about how. We envisioned a society where everybody would become computer literate and then wield these powerful tools to do amazing things. No, not quite.. they became a transport layer to Farmville. :P
But none of that precludes the handful who *do* understand how a computer works from opening up the hood and getting their hands dirty to build spectacular things nobody has seen before (including Bitcoin itself).
But contrast with the existing financial system where you cannot start a new business without the ongoing permission of your direct competitors: The Incumbents. :/
@_date: 2015-04-11 09:49:36
His or yours, muck-raker? õ_O
@_date: 2015-04-22 23:08:31
All I got was blackberry yaoi. :P
@_date: 2015-04-07 01:21:11
"As easy as printing your own money!"
PC LOAD LETTER
@_date: 2015-04-08 01:23:45


It's possible with AutoModerator, but that was precisely the kind of chilling effect Theymos was worried about. He would like users to be able to come in, speak their peace, and have the benefit of the doubt instead of insulating the sub only to reddit veterans.
@_date: 2015-04-05 00:24:17
Duh, just ask whether or not he likes Bananas. :P
@_date: 2015-04-13 19:36:39
Subs about a topic tend not to maintain a lot of voices against the topic (besides the lulz-mining trolls). You're not going to go to or and see a lot of constructive criticism that Windows should do more of what Mac or Linux is doing, for example.. because the people who don't already like or believe in the topic won't stay in the sub (unless they can get their jollies harassing people, of course).
@_date: 2015-04-25 13:16:22
Harassment means "faxed satire" then?
@_date: 2015-04-26 13:58:34
That's assuming you interpret his ambiguous comment to mean "steal mail delivered to your neighbor". My first reading was "collaborate with your neighbor to collect the shipment, but then keep an eye out for him in case swat teams arrive or something". *shrugs*
@_date: 2015-04-02 00:25:57
Potentially, insofar as "transfer coins out of third party wallet and into an address you control, and from there to a mixer" or "Top off your balance (imperfectly) from fiat wallet and then send older coins off to the mixer".
@_date: 2012-07-24 23:10:10
spendbitcoins.com does too; I wonder which one is faster or cheaper though?
@_date: 2012-11-16 01:24:13
While true, our community gets burned 9 times out of 10 by "very soon".
BFL, BitInstant Debit, Pirate's supposed pyaouts.. 
Heck, I remember *somebody* talking about a mining contract trading website, some time ago.. ;3
@_date: 2015-04-23 20:43:22
[Don't be rude, Napa](
@_date: 2015-04-17 05:00:52
Report 'em, is apparently something that should work now. :J
@_date: 2015-04-13 18:50:25
Umm.. with only a few dozen submissions per day basically every item makes it to the front page. This item currently has 50 net upvotes; I get better than that on subs I run with &lt;2 subscribers per day average.
Are you actually worried that this post is going to destroy Bitcoin, though? Anything as weak as you describe absolutely *should* die.  Bitcoin's longevity demonstrates the precise opposite.
@_date: 2015-04-20 21:49:00
Was this, was that. I am never going to reach into your ass on a wild goose chase to find accuracy or insight, I'm not as gullible as your "There are coins stuck up in there, I swear" brethren. So *you* get over it.
@_date: 2015-04-10 01:36:21
How were the originally mentioned donations not "payments for the service of getting a new forum running" then? What line are you trying to draw in the sand, here?
@_date: 2015-04-17 06:02:44
I'm just tossing links back from further in the comments to this post as I read through, since you've already got the child porn one.
Thus, please try not to bite my head off about it sounding underwhelming so far as "swarms" go. I'm just calling what passes by as I see it.
@_date: 2015-04-09 00:13:06
[Citation Needed]
@_date: 2015-04-08 08:02:03
Pinching the bridge of my nose.
Research *what* myself? You have offered nothing more than "(At least some of) The mods are also trolls", and now you expect me to gallivant onto an Easter Egg hunt scrolling over the history for a dozen different people?
@_date: 2015-04-05 04:55:43
Just out of curiousity, why do you feel it is 100% necessary to secure your own private keys on a PC in order to participate in Bitcoin?
Any organization who is sufficiently skilled in Infosec to secure private keys can do so for many people. Hell, this is how standard banks started, because the guy with the vault is better at securing gold and other valuables against theft on anybody's behalf than a each of a thousand ordinary individuals are.
The difference is that with Bitcoin as a settlement network, banks do not have to trust every bank they do business with or every merchant or lessee or financial link that they have to play fair with the movement of money.
This also lowers the barrier of entry for financial participants at the bare metal so that you no longer must seek permission from your direct competitors in order to participate.
That said, it is also about a thousand years past time we should have better security on a PC (or a smartphone or a cybernetic implant for christ's sake) than our current "treat it like toilet paper" expectations. :/
@_date: 2015-04-16 04:11:30
Riiight. So I suppose *everybody* should just learn to "read the market" like you are doing, and then everybody can simultaneously double their assets by buying and selling said assets *from each other* at the same time, hmm?
Sounds lame to me, given how many thousands of percent per day you in turn are missing out by not just predicting the outcome on SDice instead. Hell, close to 50% of the people who put money on the double slot are *doubling* their wager in one confirmation. What's 15% per day to that? Why can't you just be one of those obviously very wise investors, ya poser?
What do they obviously know that you don't? :3
@_date: 2015-04-17 04:59:49
That, or for several years the mod policy was very strictly "do not remove content unless it is commercial spam, obviously not relevant gibberish or breaks a sidebar rule. Trolls have to be allowed so that nature can take it's course".
Only in the past month am I seeing or commenting that if you report trolling they might do something about it. Might be a new policy change or something *shrugs*.
@_date: 2015-04-07 01:01:11
He might mean like credit cards or whatever.
EG: "Instant from the buyer's perspective because the Merchant will be at least reasonably certain of *eventually* getting their cash flow, and let you take your merchandise home".
Or he might mean Paypal or other closed networks, where you instantly get the funds *on the closed network* so long as you're going to respend from your paypal balance instead of waiting for an ACH back to your bank.
Bitcoin is the only system I am aware of, *especially* across national borders where you instantly have the capacity to respend this money you've been given.
@_date: 2015-04-14 02:53:20


I make no such assumption, only that the customers who *are* holding BTC want to hold BTC. If they didn't, then by and large they would already have cashed out at Coinbase or Circle or any of a zillion places where you can unload your coin for fiat.
Bitcoin does not lose holders to a greater number of places to spend any more than a seive becomes "less water tight" when you poke a new hole in it. *It's already a seive!* All of the fluid that had reason to leak through has already leaked through.
@_date: 2015-04-07 01:29:23
[This source]( puts that number at 1/2. But you don't even need "internet" to participate in Bitcoin. If you work with a wallet provider that allows you to control your account via SMS, then any cellphone at all will do.
@_date: 2015-09-29 20:50:04
Yeah, you know, the same way that FreeBSD destroyed Linux or Ubuntu destroyed Debian. It's called a [software fork](
Without the ability to software fork, Bitcoin becomes nothing more nor less than whoever is in charge of the distro feels like publishing. Satoshi chose the MIT licence to release the original software [specifically to encourage forking](
Bitcoin is anti-fragile. If all it took was a lot of people running software with a different ruleset to break Bitcoin, then we would have been easily knocked offline during the LibertyReserve days.
What is not anti-fragile is whether or not a very small number of people running the present repository and media outlets continue to stay on top of the wave.
So, you won't see many voices mentioning the other side of the story and may never even get to see this post. Have fun out there! ;3
@_date: 2015-04-09 00:12:09
Oh. Who is the OP, if you don't mind me asking? It just sounds as though their identity lends context which you know that I prolly don't. And not knowing things is boring. x3
@_date: 2015-04-08 01:17:54
Why is "Almost all the bitcoin" being mined a problem, though? Around 2033 the subsidy halving will leave us at 0.78125 BTC per block, down from 1.5625 BTC per block. Why should that halving come as any more of a shock than the 5 halvings that occur before that? One of which we've already passed with zero drama?
@_date: 2015-04-13 19:51:50
But none of that changes that a megawatt of power powers hundreds to thousands of *custom* ASIC mining rigs that fill a warehouse, and that even in China the people who can afford that put more than 56kilobits per second into their buildings. :P
@_date: 2015-04-07 03:09:52
@_date: 2015-04-17 05:59:41
I don't see how this is relevant to trolling, though. When I see a sap post, I downvote it and move on. 
*Unless* you are claiming that harassment for lulz and peeing in the punch is an appropriate response to "let's fight over who loves this sub's topic the most and swim in knee-jerk upvotes", bringing it up isn't terribly relevant.
Trolling is harassment and unacceptable while irrational exuberance usually hurts nobody else so is simply ignorable. Or, you could just politely bring them down to earth with more discussion if you prefer.
I don't know why so many people in this thread say they have been flamed and doxed for "cheering only 90% as enthusiastically" as those around them. (Unless of course this is just the new disingenuous baiting pattern..) I have laid down the law at pro-bitcoiners who were being factually inaccurate and can scarcely remember a time I wasn't *thanked* for it, but I'm also well adjusted enough not to try to kick their puppy and laugh about it and then try to claim that was "constructive criticism". :P
@_date: 2015-04-08 02:27:10
I've no idea. He appears to prefer it to alternative options. I'm taking another shot reviewing potential alternative options out of arm-chair interest in the topic. ;3
@_date: 2015-04-08 00:36:49
It's Theymos' moderation style. He is concerned that banning trolls represents a drain on moderator resources (eg that it's easier to ban evade than to ban, so even making the effort ultimately just profits the troll side of the equation) and that false positives may have chilling effects on well meaning voices.
Of course the trolls offer chilling effects of their own as well, but it's an exercise in continual de-lousing and Theymos believes that the Reddit platform lacks the tools to really rise to that challenge.
It's a topic I've recently re-opened with him, presently trying to gather my thoughts on the matter for next reply. :3
@_date: 2015-04-08 02:01:54
Well, my larger point is that I'm not certain about that. Every four years, the subsidy gets cut in half and every mining operations knows it's coming and when every time. Every mining calculator accounts for it. The only unknown is the Bitcoin unit price over time.
If some miners go bankrupt or sell off their gear or whatever, then so be it. But no matter who gets the gear, running it will offer the same profit or the same loss regardless of whether you are helping the network or trying to undermine it.. thus network security is not significantly undermined just because hashrate drops. 
So, it could be that today's hash levels are much higher than they really need to be. At the end of the day, the bitcoin unit price averaged over a long time period will decide the hash levels. But unless some other SHA-256 hash based currency outsells bitcoin, there will exist no incremental incentive for anybody to gather enough defunct specialized mining gear to attack Bitcoin in particular.
@_date: 2015-04-14 03:51:37
Well, we all know that technology is actually evil and misleading and all of the people who appear to enjoy it (without being ashamed of how socially stunted they would have to be just to understand that much drivel all at once) are obviously really just scheming bullies who only intend to trick you and humiliate you with all of their long words and confusing numbers and symbols.
Man, I guess if I had to put up with that, I'd get driven pretty nuts myself.
@_date: 2015-04-20 21:10:16


Alright, let's.
Bitcoin is a bare metal value transfer platform. Even with no other embellishment, that *can* be the right solution for a knowledgeable customer to shop at a well-trusted merchant and remove a ton of useless transactional friction. This is precisely what OP was espousing.
However it also means that companies *can* build solutions on this platform so that we can see new innovations blossom, as opposed to new players being forced to *ask direct permission of their incumbent, feudal competitors* just to enter the payments space.


I am curious why you bothered to craft an entire paragraph full of either ridiculous apples and oranges comparisons, prima fascia irrelevancies or outright lies.
* Using Bitcoin for payment or value transfer with even a modicum of effort or thought (for example, coinbase or greenaddress 2 factor multisig) is so brain-meltingly secure that not only are you the only being in the universe capable of voluntarily fouling your balance at that point, but you would have to "accidentally" jump through quite a lot of hoops just for the experience. In contrast, use your credit card to pay for any thing at any merchant and your PII is broadcast to any malware or keylogger on your petri-dish of a PC, surrendered to exactly the merchant you seem to require chargeback protection against, and even if they *are* good eggs those eggs crack as soon as their databases get pilfered.
* "More widely accepted" was precisely what we were already having a discussion about *not being relevant*. Still, you have to kick it back in because your list of FUD points against Bitcoin would look too short otherwise.
* AOL gave better support than the TCP/IP network stack did. You know, given that the latter is a protocol like Bitcoin instead of an end-user centric company that has to be paid to man all of those tech support lines. Along with every other scrap of coddling that you appear to favor in this discussion, I suppose that made AOL better in your view?
* Bitcoin utterly offers faster confirmation times than Credit Card payments. What I suspect is that you are trying to talk about "Authorization times", you know especially since the rest of your tirade is about the customer-facing experience and retail customers such as those who shop at NewEgg using either Bitcoin or Credit Card get their transactions "authorized", and get to move along with their shopping *instantly*. Confirmation is merchant-centric, and has to do with how long they must wait to either ensure the transaction was not fraudulent, to get their money, or to be safe from potential chargeback. With Bitcoin this is managed in 10 minutes on average, 24/7/365, while Credit Cards take days, weeks and months for each component in order.
* Loss prevention? If you mean security, see point 1. Bitcoin has far better "loss prevention", given the incalculable loss of identity theft that all credit card use exposes you to. If you mean protection from merchant fraud, Bitcoin does this amazing thing we in the industry like to call "allowing you to choose what kind of protection you feel like paying for". To accomplish this, it must not force expensive merchant-fraud protection by default on either retail customers or B2B value transfer channels who either do not require it or who wish to choose and optimize their own.
Now, would it be great if businesses stepped up and began to offer some more fraud protection options (primarily near-transparent escrow) built in this platform? Sure it would. In the meantime, do we need that to make retail purchases at NewEgg today? No, not really.


I do want people to stop defaming a project that I happen to be very excited about just because they personally live charmed, suburban lives where the old ways have never left them wanting.
It is 100% as irritating as the millionth person to scream at you that cell phones cause cancer or that vaccines cause autism, and they constantly offer one of a half-dozen dead horse soundbites that you have to reply to for fear of other sufficiently easily swayed readers transforming into zombies chanting the same refrain.
Do you feel like that is an outcome we could work on together?
@_date: 2015-04-13 20:13:28


It's not the vendor that is selling the bitcoin. The vendor buys bitcoin from the customer before selling it, so they have no true net impact. If there exists any downward pressure it is the *customers* selling off their bitcoin through that vendor and never replacing it.
A customer who truly wants to hold will pay a vendor in BTC but then just refill their BTC balance from fiat income or similar. Thus BTC becomes another fiat payment method for this customer, save without being forced to load the vendor up with sensitive PII awaiting the next vendor database hack.
@_date: 2015-04-07 01:20:35
By Jove, your comment appears to be equally credentialed olde boy! :D
@_date: 2015-04-20 18:10:21


Well, that wasn't my intent. Only the dismissal of the possibility of being defrauded by the subset of merchants like Newegg or Walmart *who already enjoy greater customer popularity than the VISA or Paypal middlemen forcing said protection onto you*. In those cases chargeback potential is honestly nowhere near worth the cost. So, why not take it a la carte instead and reduce transactional friction? (eg save money, but save money for the merchant.. so ideally they incentivize people to go that route with sales and promotions, etc. Give it time, and I'm sure they'll come around. ;3)
For smaller merchants, a trusted marketplace with built-in escrow like good old Bitmit (or potentially OpenBazaar if it ever really gets off the ground) is just what the doctor ordered. Or if nothing else suits you can just use Paypal, bonus points if *they* ever get around to integrating Bitcoin as they have intimated that they might.. but even if they don't, I'm perfectly happy with "Bitcoin doesn't solve every person's need in every circumstance" and allow other solutions like them to dominate in edge cases like "what if I can't even trust the merchant".
In fact, now that I think of it, in your lamp scenario Paypal or Skrill would have been a waaaay better idea than Credit Card simply because *now that skeevy place knows your card data* too! D:
But the other thing I would love to see (it's certainly not there today but there's no reason it can't be, Bitcoin does not preclude it in the slightest) is the payment processors Coinbase, Bitpay et al offering mostly transparent escrow services from a suite of providers that the customer can choose to pay X% to bring into transactions like your lamp store.
That way, it's up to the buyer if they want to save a buck and roll the dice or invest in some delivery insurance.. in much the same way that extended warantees operate. Trust the manufacturer to have your back? Save a buck. :D But the merchant can rest assured that once the buyer is satisfied with their purchase and releases escrow the cash flow is golden, instead of having to worry about unknown transactions suddenly charging back and ruining your balance 6-12 *months* after the sale is long completed. :/
@_date: 2015-04-11 10:51:06
Actually, yes they were though. (?)
@_date: 2015-04-19 11:32:45


[Citation Needed]. You're replying to somebody who later admits down the thread that his "all over the world ever" is exactly Germany and Tasmania: European economic power and commonwealth to European economic power.
None of this is comparable to *Thailand*, where I've never been but my boss has been and he reports back that the credit card was rendered basically useless so he had to do everything in cash and traveler's checks, and ordering anything online would have required calling back and having somebody *here* place the order with a local credit card. (He never needed that, so it never came up though..)
The narcissism involved in "It's never happened to me, so it's obviously never happened to anyone" is pretty horrible though, so I recommend you just put that away.
@_date: 2015-04-23 01:21:34
I do not believe we are on the same page if you are even debating in good faith to begin with. So allow me to try to confirm.
He entered his CC number and requested to be charged for 1 ticket. He was rebilled 6 times. Then after expending a lot of effort, he gets 5 of those charges forgiven (how sweet of them!) but he is permanently out the price of the ticket unless he wants to go to court.
You are suggesting that if he tried to use Bitcoin, he wold send the money for one ticket and somehow they would take 6 times as much he would never get back, so that he would then be worse off than he is presently?
He would send exactly what was prescribed. *If* they gyp him the ticket, then they gyp him the ticket and he is still at least marginally better off because he doesn't have to waste time at the bank trying to get 5 more fraudulent charges forgiven. If he wants the principal back, he still goes to court.
The only "any money" he ever got back is money that never would have been sent with Bitcoin. The primary function of credit card customer protection, paying you back the *principal* did not even apply here because it is up to a capricious third party.
@_date: 2015-09-06 22:49:05
What did this get downvoted for? Streamium does what OP was asking about. :P
@_date: 2015-04-07 01:18:17
Well, more from the context of a third party limiting how much you can hold and less from the context of owning more than will ever be issued. :J
@_date: 2015-04-17 06:13:05
No, you misunderstand. I am not quoting a policy that I *think* the mods used to have based on extrapolation of what I saw, I used to *be* a mod and I stepped down precisely because of the very explicit policy that I just quoted.
If it has changed since then then perhaps some calmer times are coming, and I a look forward to that. :3
@_date: 2015-04-18 12:36:50
In what way would this represent any expense at all to Mastercard? They make a commission fee on every transaction, so more transactions *for any reason* would make them more money.
I'm pretty sure NetTeller partners with some Bitcoin clearing house like Coinbase, Bitpay or BIPS (they wouldn't have rolled over so easily if they had built their own brokerage system, after all!) so even NetTeller is never exposed to downside volatility.
Mastercard is legitimately carving off a small percentage of their own potential profits when they bully this vendor to act anti-competitively. There are zero profit upsides to this decision *unless* they expect to profit directly from reducing how attractive Bitcoin is to use.
Alternately, they could just be reacting emotionally with no thought to profit, or there may have some regulatory or legal concern, but neither would that be rational given that no such regulation exists.
@_date: 2015-04-08 01:11:04


Give or take protocol updates — which they might be irrationally slow to approve of — pretty similar to today. They would still have to collude before they could forge the ledger (not least of which is agreeing on *how* to forge the ledger..) unless one administrative entity owned more than 51% mining power.
Nonetheless, if the userbase felt sufficiently alienated by said takeovers (especially in a 51%+ scenario, or in a case where the banks drag their feet on protocol upgrades) then we would probably just fork away from them. Possibly even taking that unique opportunity to alter the hashing protocol. *shrugs*
@_date: 2015-04-02 01:27:08


If we were to try to *actually* make the technology pictured a reality, then this quoted line might be the saving grace: So long as Changetip is scanning the serial number and then asking the bank to re-issue *to them* based on evidence from the scan, then they could theoretically be held harmless relating to this law. :3
@_date: 2015-04-23 00:24:33




Bitcoin url in the link, or QR code when paying from another device.


Merchant fraud is no more "a problem sending bitcoin" than a shop keep short changing your twenty is "an exploit in bank notes".
If a user is cautious (EG, if they're sending more than they already explicitly trust this merchant to handle) then they just screencap or save the payment page as evidence before sending. Then if somebody swindles you for an amount of money worth even blinking over, take the bastard to court. You now have superior documentation.
And besides ALL of this, the matter is moot if the merchant uses any payment gateway such as Coinbase or Bitpay .. which virtually all merchants do instead of trying to re-invent the wheel.


Merchants who denominate in BTC normally use a rolling 24-hour exchange rate to protect their customers from any unexpected price changes while they shop, but most merchants just denominate in local fiat like USD to begin with meaning there is exactly never a price change of the kind you describe.




When two parties exchange goods and currency directly (eg when they pay with cash), then problems related to the transaction are basically guaranteed to be problems with these two parties. User error, merchant fraud, misrepresentation, etc.
When two parties must rely on administrative third party payment network to facilitate a transaction (such as credit cards and banks, or Paypal, or even Coinbase) and the transaction is screwed anywhere within their API, then they were holding the ball when it fumbled and they are to blame for the problem.
Bitcoin lies between these two methods. It *does* have an API — and therefor the concept of "Bitcoin screwing up" is at least conceptually possible if not frequently seen in the wild (Mar 2013 hard fork was a great example of Bitcoin screwing up) — but what it does not have is an administrative third party capable of human malfeasance or failing to adhere to prescribed expectations. Bitcoin is a protocol, and only it's implementation is capable of deviating from prescribed expectations (EG: MtGox bitching about transaction malleability when *their implementation* uniquely failed to comply).
In OP's case, right off the bat Credit Cards were designed as a pull mechanism where the merchant obtains every scrap of data they require to perform identity theft against the customer just to authorize a single transaction. It is a conflict of interest for the transaction to be controlled by the gaining party, which invites dozens of different kinds of merchant fraud. Bitcoin puts control of the transaction in the losing party's hands which nullifies that conflict.
@_date: 2015-04-11 08:46:42
If being a parent has taught *me* anything, it's that kids are going to enjoy whatever the hell they feel like enjoying (with significant popularity towards candy and flashing lights and plastic toys). They are not going to enjoy whatever you tell them to.


has no more innate interest to a child than


Both of those are productive. Both of those can become the foundation to amazingly successful business models. Both of those have a rich and engaging history that it satisfies the soul to understand. But neither of them close the interest loop to dopamine reward quickly enough for arbitrarily chosen children to find engaging.
@_date: 2015-04-20 19:11:15


Alright. First off, I am at least slightly bewildered by this phrasing because 1&gt; I absolutely did use the precise phrase "I want *not that*" in a bitcoin comment discussion over the past month or two, yet 2&gt; reading my own comment history going back 10 pages = 3 months sadly seems to fail to show the event.
Now I want to remember more of that post's context and what I was replying to in precisely the way you are presently warning against, because I still feel as though that was a fun post, dag nabbit. :P


If it helps, [I've posted much along that line in another reply earlier today]( Be advised that while I am also not entirely convinced that you prefer to debate in good faith as a rule; at least on the off chance that this response finds you in that mood I hope this link helps fill you in as to my additive thoughts on the matter. :3


I am not certain what you mean by "replace" in this context. To look at the extreme examples, television never replaced radio and radio never replaced print and the Internet never replaced any of these forerunners. Was there anywhere in my post that sounded as though the virtues of Bitcoin I am mentioning require *wholesale replacement* of legacy systems before we can begin to benefit from them?
Let us look at a less extreme example. Did Paypal "replace" credit cards? Hell no. But is it valuable to use that or a similar service when you do not want to disclose personally identifiable information to some unknown merchant from a marketplace such as eBay?
Many big box stores refuse to take on Paypal as a payment processor precisely because of their expense, largely chalked up to their "fraud protection" component. So, who needs to be protected from fraud perpetrated by NewEgg or Tiger Direct or Dell or Microsoft? Who even views VISA or Paypal as being as responsive to customer complaints as those guys are to begin with?
But here those same companies are integrating Bitcoin as a payment option instead. Bitcoin does not have to replace credit cards (or paypal) at every merchant before it can be both safer and more convenient (and doubly so for those who already carry a Bitcoin balance) at the merchants who do.


Please be advised that I feel at least a dollop of concern-troll patronism in this statement because it sounds as though it axiomatically (*start* looking?) that Bitcoin has not already found many places where it can be beneficial, not to mention the existing topic of burgeoning retail acceptance.
Yes, finding ever more dominant use strategies is always a positive thing. But "Sure, but you can't do chargebacks" in reply to somebody sharing that their Newegg purchasing experience has been made easier, damn straight I will reply that I don't want to pay extra in aggregate for that feature at that vendor. :P
@_date: 2015-04-20 23:45:47


It offers a functional comparison to how Bitcoin is used. Does that not offer explanatory power?
Perhaps it doesn't illuminate every crevice of math involved, but most of us trying to do anything but confuse math-haters in the audience would count that as a feature.
@_date: 2015-04-19 12:54:17
It takes a real asshole to conflate pissing in other people's cereal with "freedom".
Bitcoin allows freedom in part because it allows *people who voluntarily want to transact* to transact without anybody else preventing them.
If people heckle what you say, or your comment gets deleted or you get banned, then it's clear that nobody in *volunteered* to listen to your zero effort defamation.
Having a thought, or communicating it to people *who care* through a channel you collectively administrate is a right. Spewing your crap here is a privilege, and one we're perfectly happy to revoke from assholes.
@_date: 2015-09-08 21:06:04






I would wager that everyone who cares enough to vote about anything simply disagrees with you and with virtually every action you've taken in the past couple of months.
Occam's Razor suggests that "you are in the wrong, and thousands of people are aware of it even if you are not" is a far simpler explanation than "some shadowy figure is creating sock puppets and paying off redditors and that Reddit Admins somehow cannot track the abuse".
After all, nobody had to pay me to step down when you first brandished your "the community doesn't matter, I know better than 90% of our members" line at me.


No, that pattern also makes sense when the 90% you scorn simply doesn't have time to read everything. Any commercial suppression attempts could easily just slurp the raw comments feed off the REST API just like automod does so that nothing would miss it's radar..
But that is demonstrably not happening.


These are precisely the circumstances for which "falling on one's own sword" was invented.
Whatever it is you do choose to do (up to and including banning me or deleting my words) just be cognizant that with this trajectory it's always going to get worse prior to getting better again.
@_date: 2015-04-09 00:05:05
1&gt; I'm pretty sure that "no more than $14k per contributer" doesn't hold, or every employer would just itemize payroll as "gifts to employee from customers". Which now that I say it out loud, sounds a lot like tips (very *literal* gifts from customers to employees) which *also* get taxed as income.
2&gt; If he got BTC @ $20 per chunk and sold at $2000 per chunk (chunk being between 2 and 20 btc, I guess?) then he'd owe capital gains on $1980 of it (on cash-out) no matter which direction you look at things.
@_date: 2015-04-09 00:19:50
I. What? No.
I'm the only one who stepped down and it was because of differing opinion about moderation (eg: gardening vs free market), not because anyone was corrupt. :P
@_date: 2015-04-08 07:15:41


Meh, I think this is a good video to check out. ;3
@_date: 2015-04-18 11:56:15
The same possible incentive a company could have to lie to it's stockholders about earnings, assuming it could get away with it.
Be advised I am not endorsing this specific website because I haven't seen it before, but I *am* endorsing the very inescapable concept that a government faces a conflict of interest when trying to publish authoratative data on the performance and purchasing power of it's own currency. :P
@_date: 2015-04-20 18:26:51


I see no trend growing. Poor moderation has existed for as long as moderation has existed. I merely wish to turn your "baby out with the bathwater" appeal back onto you: why give all moderation a bad name just because some people are wrong for the job?
Besides which, this subreddit is already moderated beyond "spam and advertisement" by way of the sidebar rules. I even wrote some of them. Some were controversial at the time (most notably the "Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere." one), but today by and large we don't get a lot of flack for them.
All that we are pressing to do today is to either formally or informally enforce the same regarding harassment. It is already informally being done, and has been for a couple of month's now it sounds like.
Two different times now you've tried to use as your go-to example. But your account is half mine's age and my memory tells that it was an anti-christian circle-jerk back when it was a default I had not yet determined how to unsubscribe from. By which I mean 2011, it got removed from defaults in July 2013.
If that really does correspond to what you describe as "a great place that ran with very minimum moderation", then I apologize if I must completely disagree with your goals for our community. I want news and constructive discussion, including thoughtful critique (not to be confused with zero effort dismissals over dead horses) but not including hate and ridicule and drama for sport.
@_date: 2015-04-08 01:07:28


Uh... huh huh.
Just to be clear, you can download blueprints (or "recipes" as the oldbies call them) but the actual ingredients still have to arrive at your house physically. So this is less of a 3d printer all in all and more of a robo-cook. ;3
But the robocook component and the ingredients cannot be digitally delivered and having those shipped to you, or going out to get them isn't really much of a step different than having a bigmac shipped to you or going out to get it.
@_date: 2015-04-02 01:20:47
Well, first you've got to know what Bitcoin is.
But.. first you've got to know what a smartphone is.
But.. first you've got to know what *money* is.
But.. wait, how can you get to Youtube from under that rock? xD
@_date: 2015-04-20 21:42:26
I guess what I've always really longed for is a concise introduction that is still complete enough to tell the whole story of why the system is so elegantly balanced without making the mining/minting/notary aspect sound like a get-rich-quick scheme.
For people unfamiliar with computers, it draws all of their attention because it sounds like an exploit they could sneak some value out of. For those sufficiently familiar, it sounds .. like .. an exploit that stupid people would try to sneak value out of, and thus an obviously unsustainable scam.
It is also confusing because it does a poor job communicating to people that the primary intention is to *buy* and *sell* this new currency in exchange for either older currencies, or directly for goods and services. It spawns in their imagination an idea that "other people are using this for things I don't understand, but I can beat the rush to start minting it to sell off to them!"
The truth, and the challenge to communicate, is that the *work* of notarizing the ledger is a *real job* that costs significant custom computing horsepower times electricity to perform. Any computer can *in principal* try to shoulder this burden (for example, as a hobby), but without expensive custom hardware, they will be doomed to spend many times more in electricity than this work could ever earn them.
This work is *remunerated by a voluntary transaction fee market*, since every transaction must include a small fee to ensure rapid confirmation. To help keep those fees small, and to jump start the efforts of notaries early in the network, *and* to initialize the money supply itself.. those fees are also supplemented with a subsidy of newly mined bitcoin that diminishes slowly over time as our target money supply is reached.
I guess, among other troubles, it's so hard to talk about "working and being compensated in Bitcoin" given how few other good examples are popular today that we can point to for a comparison. We haven't yet really developed a "job market" per se, I guess partly because the niches where Bitcoin shines the most such as international payments traditionally don't have much in the way of labor markets. "Hey you in a country with a different language from mine, do some work for me and I'll pay you in BTC" just doesn't seem to come up very frequently. :/
@_date: 2015-04-09 05:18:19
Alright, I was expecting you might say like "buttcoin concern troll" or something. This sounds like quite the opposite. I'unno if he's Micon or not but Micon has earned quite an impressive positive rep as far as I can tell. :3
@_date: 2015-04-13 21:10:33
Fair point, I forgot that the mining warehouses don't run their own pools. But that has nothing to do with network connectivity either, and everything to do with contrasting business models. Pools run more efficiently and with less variance the more frequently they find blocks, so offering their service to miners as inexpensively and usefully as possible is a challenging optimization.
But they can't exactly limit *their* network connectivity to dialup to save costs, either. They have web pages and stats and email alerts and work batches and all kinds of crazy crap to communicate to miners all over the globe. So they are going to invest in enough network connectivity to get the job done, out of which 2.7tps network overhead is a fraction of a drop in a bucket in the ocean.
@_date: 2015-04-22 02:40:14
This translates back sufficiently perfectly that I suspect somebody has been teaching the Google translate feedback system some naughty things. xD
@_date: 2015-04-18 11:48:29
.. and they make even more money per dollar (apparently) spent from *buyer fraud* (due to increased merchant fees in addition to clawing back 100% of the chargeback from the merchant), another thing that Bitcoin eliminates.
@_date: 2015-04-27 18:45:44
[Cellphones have hand crank chargers though, don't they?](
If there is one thing I would go to extra effort to keep powered during a power outage, it would be mah cell. Ability to call/text/email loved ones, view the web and get news, has working clock/alarms/timers, hell even has a built-in flashlight. :J
@_date: 2015-04-05 00:00:33
At least we have a better employment rate than Gold or Ithica Hours. But I've never felt as humble in all of my life as when my limo got slowed down in traffic in front of the Ag breadlines. My heart goes out to those poor, poor, blue-skinned souls who couldn't find work if you handed them a classifieds.
@_date: 2015-04-08 09:04:05
Alright, well I don't either (justification: sounds like a lot of work plus I wouldn't even know what to look for) so we're just going to go hungry for tonight. But how about this? At the very least, you may bookmark this post and if you notice weird stuff over the next .. while? you can huck a link back here and/or pm me.
In the interim I remain unconvinced. (looks at clock). Also, sleepy. x3
@_date: 2015-04-19 12:59:31


Right. Let's not even bicker if it's one out of a million or ten thousand out of a million, because it's not the operant bit of the discussion. Because instead..


You don't have much of a position to speak on behalf of whoever *does* run into problems, especially chronic ones.
Is it one in a million? Is it one in a hundred? However many people hit an impasse with credit cards, once that impasse becomes more negative than trying an alternative it would be folly *not* to go with the alternative.
@_date: 2011-10-31 01:42:27
No guarantee the photos are unique either,
you can always get "cheap and fuss free stock photos" from Google Images if you didn't care about being caught or sued.
Nothing on this site (so far) guarantees the uploaders didn't do the same to get their source images. ;3
@_date: 2011-10-31 10:30:32
Hmm, seems interesting.
Also, Go Sara! lol xD
@_date: 2015-04-22 22:40:22


Oh, so we're not even talking about service data? We're just talking about a service provider handing encryption tools to users, and the government requiring that those encryption tools include back doors similar to the [Dual_EC_DRBG]( fiasco? (try to tell me that THAT did not negatively impact domestic security...)
Does this in turn mean that distributing products like GPG or Truecrypt will be made illegal, or at least the ones old enough that they predate the FOSS publishers being issued a gag order about their patches designed to leave room for Jesus?
Have you also considered how complicating a simple peer to peer encryption scheme to add wiretapping capabilities adds double or more surface area for attack to the scheme as a whole, even if you *could* trust the ever-so-nice government agency holding the spare set of keys?
What the government absolutely *should* do is simply drop the other boot and commercially offer government-endorsed encryption products into the market. Your communications pass through their servers, they have the spare keys, but the consumer knows about this and elects to trust their government directly with their communication to keep it secret from *everybody else's* ears.
They offer these services as add-on options to Apple, to Google, if something goes wrong we know precisely who to "Oh you" at. You've no idea how popular it would be, hell I'd even use it for much of my fluff communication. :P
@_date: 2015-11-30 21:14:14
Was he on mobile [last month when he threatened to ban Coinbase as well](
What Theymos had to say:


@_date: 2015-04-18 10:43:25
Well to be fair, by your logic we also would not need moderation or any subreddits at all if the up/down system did it's job.
Strangely enough, because different people want to discuss different topics we invented "subreddits". Because people tend to upvote or downvote strictly based on how what they saw made them feel instead of whether or not the content was constructive or on-topic, and because different people like different things to begin with, we had to give those subreddits moderators who could remove things that either stray from the topic or break the rules.
Illustration: if you focus the attention of enough people who are entertained by juvenile humour towards a "vote for XYZ to have a new name" you will get "Hitler did nothing wrong" as the recommendation because it made the greatest number of voters feel entertained instead of being constructive or on topic.
You may just as easily get any number of death threats, racist slurs, doxing or .. well .. child pornography slander if you rely strictly on the upvotes of an impatient mob to edit your content for you.
Disclaimer: If you were wondering, I *am* Liberal, not Libertarian or Anarcho-whatever. x3
@_date: 2015-03-24 18:55:51
I think n1nj4 is being downvoted because he spoke too rashly, and what he actually meant was that Bitcoin transactions do not divulge the keys to the kingdom to every merchant you purchase goods or services from, whereas Credit Cards do by design.
Thus, if you purchase goods from Overstock.com using Bitcoin and Fred purchases goods from Overstock using CC, then later Overstock gets hacked, the attackers are liable to gain all the data they need to perpetrate identity theft against Fred while your Bitcoin purchase reveals nothing helpful about you, save perhaps info on how to contact you (email, phone number) and the address where you shipped your package.
@_date: 2015-04-22 22:19:26
Mmm, I assume you are referring to [this Bloomberg article](
[The Washington Post]( looked into this as well (yay, meta-journalism!) and the story hinges upon anonymous sources. While perhaps that is not reproducible "proof", it does highlight an important fact.
With or without any sources to point to, *either* the NSA knew *or* the NSA is utterly incompetent at code analysis. Since all other evidence relating to their code analysis capabilities stacks against the latter, I must assume the former.
Here's the rundown:
1. The heartbleed bug was a result of a code failure so simple it would not have passed the security equivalent of a lint inspection. Variable is initialized from user-supplied network datagram, variable is passed directly to a memcpy with no intermediate taint or alteration. It is literally the braindead step-cousin to SQL injection: $db-&gt;query("select * FROM $_GET[table]");
2. The NSA has the ostensible mandate to keep US national infrastructure and tools secure, partly by scanning the intersection of all available and all important code for potential vulnerabilities and responsibly reporting what they find. They have the covert mandate to do the same and exploit instead of report what they find. Both mandates would have lead them to rate OpenSSL as of peculiarly high priority because it is both perfectly available and ubiquitously relied upon, both domestically and across the globe.
So, are they evil (anti-social government agency disorder) or are they blind?
@_date: 2015-04-18 11:10:26


The reason that this confuses me is that is not special about people coming in to harass or to derail. The only thing that is special about it is that (at least until quite recently) it did *not* remove comments or submissions in bad faith nor did it ban offenders.
Nearly every other sub does, and at least until it reaches like a million subscribers or something just about every other sub *is left healthier by the gardening efforts*.
I look around, and I see subs that use strong but fair moderation policies. Where are their trolls? Where are their arguments about how whitewashed everything has become?
Your prediction (which I have seen many times before) just doesn't pass muster to me. There don't have to be any babies thrown out with this bathwater, and if even the most persistent trolls could not be nullified then why aren't there any teenagers rising to the challenge of submitting shock gore to and having that pushed to front page?
does not get harassed for the challenge of it, but for the ease of it. It's a low hanging fruit. All we are doing is suggesting to move this limb up the tree a little bit.
@_date: 2015-11-02 00:45:55
Why is every data point on the left 60% of your chart above the guessline? I guarantee that's not the "best" fit.. :/
@_date: 2015-11-04 23:56:49


What in the world do you mean "if"? That is inexorably the case and is utterly impossible to avoid in any voluntarily-run, decentralized protocol. If most people don't like the current rules, they change them by no more nor less than agreeing to follow new ones.
Even your moderatorship offers zero alteration to that equation. The only thing you are even trying to do is to keep the number of people *interested* in altering the rules as low as you are able.


Unless you've made a phrasing error, this sounds a lot like "I am against progress even if it is objectively and provably better than the status quo in every single way."
@_date: 2015-03-14 00:09:44
A blockchain where everybody already has to trust each other is merely an emulation of SWIFT in overcomplex clothing.
If there is going to be a central authority whom you have to trust to participate, then they keep a centralized ledger and you get selective write access to it (eg, moving your balances) and selective read access (eg, viewing your own balances or confirming inbound transactions) and you are done. Settlement is instant, forking is non-existant, mining does not occur, none of the extranities of a blockchain need apply.
Any database system from Oracle to Postgres can realize this for you, and the centralized model of access control is already well researched here. Monetary and financial report strategies are already keyed to double- or triple-accounting ledgers like these, so that you do not have to decode "unspent output pedigree" bullshit like you'll have to deal with from out of a blockchain.
Blockchain technology makes a thousand things hard in order to make one very momentous thing easy: irrevocably moving a self-evaluated digital token from one untrusted, autonomous user to another in such a way that a global network of invested parties concur that the token has irreversibly moved.
Banks who do not want to give users autonomy, who trust a centralized authority and do not desire trustlessness, who want to trade in nationally-valued tokens instead of self-valued tokens, are in absolutely the wrong position to gain anything directly from this technology.
@_date: 2015-03-14 05:45:05
Among the simplest consensus mechanisms would just be an m-of-n signature, which thanks to algorithms like [Shamir's Secret Sharing Scheme]( can easily be rendered without anything as involved as storing and transfering all available financial data packed into an altchain and notarized by quadrillions of hashes per second.
But I'm pretty sure that Banks neither need nor want *any* cryptographic consensus solutions, they have regulations to follow and those regulations state "department X *in particular* must sign off on Y" not "a majority of people in some kind of an ad hoc network need to think everything is alright on the off chance that some of them have been co-opted".
@_date: 2015-03-15 05:26:25
[.. and he learned a lesson about it]( So whai all the melodrama? :P
@_date: 2015-03-24 18:48:32
Tell that to [Jeremy Clarkson]( Bank couldn't do shit for him when he decided to put your exact claim to the test, *and* he's a celebrity.
@_date: 2015-03-22 13:29:51
Uh.. the square reader plugs into the iPhone.
Bitcoin is superior to fiat in a ton of different ways, but "If everybody accepted WoW gold as currency then nobody would have to use a currency besides WoW gold if they didn't want to" is not one of them.. precisely because that tautology would be true of virtually anything.
@_date: 2015-03-24 22:17:49
However how will you keep the network secure from a world full of miners seeking to 51% your network if you aren't paying miners pegcoin subsidies to keep them honest, which would also be exchangeable back to fiat so you are basically paying them fiat?
@_date: 2015-03-24 19:00:42
So who is going to shovel money into a pit in order to peg the value of that fiat coin?
@_date: 2015-03-17 23:33:27


Why, did Coinbase premine bitcoin before *even allowing* others to participate and bitcoin will become impossible to trade or to price without Coinbase's continued 24/7 service?
I have bought and sold BTC at Coinbase. But I have also bought and sold BTC at VirWox, The Rock, MtGox (in 2012), Bitstamp, Bitfloor, Bitme, Local Bitcoins and at three ATMs. I've cashed out of Bitcoin before using FastCash4Bitcoins, Bitpay, BIPS and sendbitcoin.mx.
I store a small amount of BTC in a coinbase wallet, but I also store a small amount at BCI, on a mycelium card, at LBC, a tiny balance at VirWox, on Electrum HD and the majority on an airgapped armory wallet.
If Coinbase went full bankrupt tomorrow, I'd be out the small amount I kept there. But I could still easily trade on Circle (haven't even tried yet!) or many of the ways I've described above. Pricing would still happen at Bitstamp, OKcoin, Bitfinex, BTCe, and even over LBC and Mycelium local trader.
If the organization behind ripple.com goes down, then XRP/Ripple is instantly over with.
@_date: 2015-03-14 01:26:23


It remains redundant because you are showing a complete lack of understanding as to *how* things layer.
The blockchain cannot offer security by way of proof of work from within a walled garden where by definition a *stark minority* of computing power exists producing the initial POW, and on top of that with no output incentive. What hashrate do you expect them to produce? A gigahash? A terahash? Will they even invest in an ASIC solution? Because I guarantee that the outside world has done so.
At the end of the day anything above 1 hash per second is a waste of their resources so long as their first line of defense holds, and anything fewer than a million billion hashes per second (1 petahash, pretty cheap to buy off the rack if you're going to hack *the global banking network* with it..) would rip like tin foil if their first line of defense failed.
@_date: 2015-03-22 14:13:33
A distributed blockchain ledger *is* a federated database. The only difference is authentication. Ordinary databases authenticate requests based on central control of credentials while a blockchain authenticates requests based on the proof of work generated by a mining network open to global participation.
You cannot close that mining network to limited participation *without using centrally controlled credentials* (or similar alternate authentication scheme) which means that whatever method you use to tell an allowed miner from a disallowed miner by definition defeats the entire purpose of mining anything whatsoever.
@_date: 2015-04-08 07:19:11


Which mods are you mean by that doe?
Also, be advised I just had [this protracted discussion]( In case you are chiming in with that, and believe WhollyHemp to be a troll or something, the next step I'd need is to see a few examples or to hear something gainsaid beyond that discussion.
But I value your input, and thanks in advance. :3
@_date: 2015-03-13 23:58:42


The blockchain is not a democracy. It does not pay attention to 51% of *miners*, it only pays attention to 51% of total proof of work.
If you block access per signature, then it would only take one signature to offer more proof of work than any other participant (assuming that existing participants are not driven by block rewards to compete against potentially malicious attackers) and steer the chain in any direction that you'd like, reversing spends and censoring what gets onto the longest chain.


No, whoever controls "who gets to mine" also controls who gets to 51% attack, so you would very much have to trust that group as the final authority of your ledger. On April 23rd, they just decide to invalidate every signature except for some that they control, and then veto any block they dislike or potentially allow a growing chain and then suddenly veto it in favor of a different chain (all of which they constructed) in order to perform a double-spend.


Bitcoin is not protected by a centralized signature system, it is protected by proof of work.


All you are doing is clarifying that you are not already familiar with how Bitcoin's proof of work system even functions. If you are suggesting dropping proof of work altogether and replacing it with some kind of democratic "proof of signature" concept or something, then at least admit to that alteration so that we know we are on the same page.
@_date: 2015-11-30 20:16:41


And.. this is similar to "being banned" in what way exactly?
You cannot contribute spin to the discussion without at least having some grip on the ball.
@_date: 2015-11-02 00:41:28
So wait, are we a high-cost, low volume settlement system for huge institutions only, or are we a high tx/s, next-to-free payment system on par with Mpesa?
@_date: 2015-03-24 19:15:39
The title of the submission clearly relates this story to Bitcoin: Using traditional payment methods exposes you to fraud when any merchant you have ever shopped at using a still-active card gets hacked. Bitcoin does not expose you to that risk surface area.
That includes Twitch: They actually accept Bitcoin. So, anybody who has paid for their services exclusively using Bitcoin were protected from exposure of sensitive financial details in this specific hack in a fashion that ordinary credit card users were not protected.
@_date: 2015-03-02 23:18:20


But you arbitrarily decide that "scarce" is requiring anything more than the present limit of 11kbps? I don't know any full node operators who require that this Bitcoin BS take no more than 20% of the capacity of their 1995 landline telephone modem.
And what the hell kind of currency do you think you are supporting if you can't even buy a coffee with it? Do you think any of those full node operators who can't upgrade their gear past 1990 will be moving more than a coffee's worth of BTC in any event?!
You're trying to preach to me about "avoiding centralization" but then out the other side of your mouth you're saying that everyday transactions are too pedestrian and have to be moved offchain, *which is centralization*.
Here's a news flash for you: If you aren't mining then you aren't increasing the security of the network by running a full node, either. Nobody in the world requires people who turn their full nodes off or who can't handle network speeds from this millennium to keep extra copies of the ledger around for them. 
So get an SPV wallet and buy that coffee instead of optimizing everything backwards on purpose just because of how easily amused you are.
@_date: 2015-03-19 22:32:46
You mean outside the US and European Union where it is a continually cataloged problem? Where else do governments not regularly seize funds from accounts prior to any criminal conviction?
@_date: 2015-03-14 05:57:27
or TYIBW for the younger crowd who doesn't have time to read entire words. ;3
@_date: 2015-03-19 00:01:36
I run private VPSes, so no there aren't any other nodes on this platform right now.
One of the major things I got sick of is Bitcoin Core 0.9 and above requiring newer versions of glibc than Debian Stable ships with, which caused a domino effect of needing to run unstable Debian (you can't just peg for things like libc; they put their tendrils into anything), which is only supported by an unstable version of my hypervisor, which in turn means I can't put any other VPS on that blade and the backup tools at this version are buggy and I can't import or export VM's between this blade and any others.. it very nearly kills every benefit of virtualization.
@_date: 2015-03-24 21:10:22


So how many twitch users are actually *using* credit cards, instead of debit cards through the same payment channel?
When I used my debit card to pay the honor bar at a hotel in '98, the hotel went ahead and charged every room on the floor that weekend to me and the bank couldn't do jack about that, even though I had the paper receipt showing that only $14 was authorized. My company had to reimburse me, then track down the other people who *should* have paid and eat what they couldn't either collect or account for.
@_date: 2015-03-18 23:55:06


Says the *Reddit commentor*.
Just go preach about it on Bitmessage or something, instead.
@_date: 2015-03-23 21:16:55
Grandparent post *also* says:


Parent post does not clarify what kind of error he would like an example for. So I offered the kind that I happened to notice.
But what have you got your panties in a bunch over? Stefan's entire premise rests upon the evils of being able to print money and how limited supply would curtail war and other government abuses.
So if he cannot even illustrate that point accurately due to accusing the US government of printing their way through the most expensive war in history shortly after he admitted that the US was actually *unable* to increase currency supply during that exact time period, then how is that not relevant?
Why does he have to be wrong *specifically* about Bitcoin, or *specifically* while riding a unicycle before his premise crumbles? Keep in mind I am not GP. I agree with GP that Stefan was wrong in a broad sense, and do not agree with GP about any specific point beyond that (up to and including not endorsing GP as some kind of bitcoin expert. :P)
@_date: 2015-03-30 23:18:20
Or it means the process at D is way better than at Golden Gate. :J
@_date: 2015-03-13 21:32:25


Because they profit from delays and friction in your transactions, pure and simple.
More time to catch transactions they want to stifle or censor, more chance to review AML/KYC data to determine whether or not they may want to censor or stifle a transaction, more time to know where their upstart competitors are spending their money and [react to it before the transaction even completes.](
Truly wealthy people simply already have balances and credit in every major banking network to spend out of at a moment's notice,  meaning their operational transactions are already instant, and they only ever have to use the slow lane to average those balances or settle slow debts.
Like most global services in want, offering technology to those in power fails to solve a problem that is not technological or naturally scarce, but artificially scarce by mandate *of* those same people in power to line their own pockets at the expense of their constituents.
@_date: 2015-03-31 19:35:53
Dateline of this article says "Mar 31, 2015 10:43 AM EDT". Off top of my head, this *may* be past midnight 04/01 in the Russian side of the Bering Straight or something.
@_date: 2015-03-27 20:36:19
Oh it is, you're just don't realize how much dirty fiat you're losing out on doing the same thing for free like some kind of filthy poser.
@_date: 2015-03-31 18:33:50
Fuck, I hadn't thought of that.
If only there were a way to spend bitcoins now but then top your balance back off by purchasing more later, or something. Then it would be almost like you're just spending the fiat you top back off with (per Gresham's law), but without handing the merchant any of your sensitive PII along the way.
But alas, that would be insufficiently funny so we must suffer at the cruel heel of juvenile mirth instead. :P
@_date: 2015-03-14 01:32:48
Right, and then secretly pay a different miner to double spend the same transaction. Whoever actually solves the next bitcoin block wins, and (probably as part of the signed transaction you gave them) gets paid.
@_date: 2015-03-14 05:53:56


Wait, why can't the SPV clients do simpler, realtime block consistency checks like "does the data match the header" and "does the data *on it's face* follow the rules, including mining rewards"?
You would have to download live block contents to do that, but not historical ones nor would you have to index anything or store more than 1 or 2 blocks at a time.
@_date: 2015-03-23 05:07:08
Interesting stat. Do you have a citation for it? If true that could come in handy.
@_date: 2015-03-19 22:26:56
Did that happen to Bitcoin's price when Russia made it illegal? :P
@_date: 2015-03-05 22:10:41
I do not comprehend what kind of problem you are pretending to have, here. Are you upset that the chart is logorithmic, or are you only upset that it also includes information from a time frame that makes you feel uncomfortable in your pants?
This chart does not *exclude* information from 2013-present. So why do you say these words:


The left-most date says "2015-02-22". Are you upset about the week between that date and today not being charted? Maybe you're upset that it lacks the left scale copied to the right side, and extra ticks added between the $100 and $1000? I could add the extra axis and marks in Gimp in like 5 minutes, and TBPH if that's what's really in your craw (or your pretend-craw, whatever) and you ask nicely I will totally paste in a copy of those visual aids for you.
At the base of it I cannot imagine a complaint you could possibly have about this chart that cannot be resolved by simply zooming into the time frame you want to pretend is the only time frame that has ever happened or that matters, because log charts make it really easy to crop in on absolutely any data that you like. If instead you feel like a chart cannot tell a story accurately without first being linear, or anti-log, or without the X axis being skewed to a 70 degree downward angle then I'm afraid I'll have to leave you to your rather unique needs.
@_date: 2015-03-02 21:23:37
Bitcoin is going to interrupt the purchase cycle for anybody who doesn't already know what Bitcoin is and doesn't already have any Bitcoin to spend.
If you advise the customer "This item is cheaper if you get a manufacturer's coupon or rebate!" then they've got to hunt down a newspaper or a periodical, and clip out the coupon and bring that in. If you tell the customer "This item is cheaper if you purchase it in our Portland showroom, where there is no sales tax!" then they've got to leave the store, get in their car and take I-5 over the Columbia. 
Seamless normally costs a premium and fiddling around to save pennies and percent signs normally has a learning curve and a lot of personal footwork to do. 
All of which is rather peripheral to Bitcoin, whose central goal has little to do with "look, I can pay 3% less fiat for this product by jumping through a lot of extra hoops that have Bitcoin logos on them!" ;3
@_date: 2015-03-02 21:14:44
Let's look at this for just a moment.
$46.75 (what your tests show Circle charges to get the amount of Bitcoin Bitpay requests for the purchase) / $45.95 (what your website demands out of Bitpay in USD) = 1.0174, eg a 1.74% mark-up between Circle and Bitpay.
Alright, so what do you pay your credit card company when customers select that option? I think Square charges 2.9%.
Solution: What if you do not give Bitpay the full retail $45.95 price at all, and you instead mark that down by 1.74% or 2.9% or however much you want to sacrifice to the plumbing so that the end user doesn't have to?
@_date: 2015-03-14 01:41:36
Right, and did you make that money by speculating (which is just gambling on price movements, and earning money that other people lose when they malinvest) or by running a business that profited from providing customers value and could not have been performed without the unique properties of Ripple?
@_date: 2015-03-16 23:53:13
I'm sorry, but bidding in an auction to pay intl wire or higher fees to transact millions of dollars strictly across borders requires that the blocksize never grow beyond 56k dialup limits?
[VISA reports 13.9 billion total transactions 2013Q2]( If we wanted the Bitcoin network to handle precisely that much volume, at a generous 1kB per retail txn, we'd be looking at an average of 1761tx/second. That's an average of 16mbps network load, sometimes peaking as high as 40mbps I would wager (a lot for Fios but nothing to Google Fiber or EC2) and approximately 55GB of storage per annum.
I run an ISP, and I can hook a colo box up here for $100/mo (or spin up a virtual server share for even less) that could handle *that* class of node (or even 10-50 times that capacity) indefinitely .. especially under Satoshi's original prediction that global transactional demand will grow more slowly than network and drive availability will. By the time global credit card transaction volume doubles, the cost per unit of network access and hard drive storage drops 4-16 times.
So if I hook up my box and charge 200 people $1/mo ea (or 2,000 people $1/yr, etc.. you get the idea) to run their SPV clients against it, and similar happened around the world, then everybody could buy coffee and nobody would have to pay wire fees to move Bitcoin. And there would be far too many full node operators like myself (and like any halfway-out-of-the-garage bitcoin business, vendor, or exchange who would also invest upwards of $100 measily dollars per month to run a node) to sour the pool or succeed in any kind of sybil attacks.
@_date: 2015-03-23 05:20:04
No, what it has was what my parent comment asked for:


@_date: 2015-03-16 22:58:21
.. are you even using the label "the masses" in a semantically useful manner at this point, or are you just trying to troll?
Its first, and thus defining invocation in this thread was:


Since I'm *not* hesitant about using Bitcoin I by definition do not belong to the group described here and thereafter identified by the convenient label "the masses". 
If you are trying to refer to a different group, such as "the group of people who are not wealthy or who lack political influence" or "the group of people who will not be remembered by history", then sure I am in those groups. *But those groups are not being discussed here*.
@_date: 2015-03-20 00:53:33
*Sighs*. "Can't" and "illegal" do not mean anywhere near the same thing, though. Buying drugs in the silk road was illegal. Downloading copyrighted material over bittorrent is still illegal. How inaccessible has that made them? 
Hell, contraband substances *increase* in price when they are outlawed. I will concede that transaction volume may decrease with a prohibition, but in every other respect a tighter grip by the state would simply lead to more commerce slipping through their fingers into the strengthening black market. 
Also.. They aren't stupid enough to even try anything that obtuse.. Or they would have already. Probably right after shutting down liberty reserve. 
@_date: 2015-03-02 21:02:35
What "legitimate engineering tradeoff" do you foresee users attempting to fight the will of miners over if a supermajority of miners concede to Gavin's recommendation and adopt larger block sizes?
Block size means little to end-users, because end users do not directly profit off of the business of creating and distributing blocks and a tiny minority of full node users will have a hard time moving 20MB every ten minutes (~267kbps sustained on average, or two pandora radio streams, and only when the new block sizes get *filled*).
@_date: 2015-03-23 05:05:02


But the problem was that in his speech he did no such thing. He mentioned that both the current war on terror and WW2 cost multiple times the assets we actually had on hand to cover liabilities. He never said "in contrast", he just just rambled on from the one point to the next like it was an orgy of evidence that he had stats for. :/
@_date: 2015-03-23 05:15:29
While an interesting thought, it's the merchants who decide what currencies they would like to accept and tourist merchants generally don't give any fucks about what is convenient for their government. They care about their own bottom line, and there exist a ton of reasons that their bottom lines are fattened by A&gt; avoiding direct exchange drama and B&gt; selling overpriced items to tourists who don't know how to math in the local seashell. :J
If non-US tourist traps accept USD or Bitcoin, then the people showing up are savvy enough not to overpay, including not wanting to pay the exchange fees the merchant winds up stuck with or they miss the sale. Merchant makes the tourist exchange at a bank or using their credit card or exchange ATM then the tourist is *already* taking on jacked up exchange fees and then they are spending what seems like monopoly money to them. x3
@_date: 2015-03-06 18:15:55
What do you mean "average investor"?
1&gt; Investor 2 hasn't sold yet so she's not part of the denominator.
2&gt; The miner had to purchase mining gear and pay for electricity in order to trade their *service* of securing the network in order to *earn* a bitcoin, so they *should* be part of your denominator.
Regardless, there has not been an opportunity for anybody to sell at a 90% loss since 2012.
@_date: 2015-03-24 19:31:50
Well, maintaining a pegged altcoin — even if you do conditionally trust to the solvency of one or more counterparties to run them — would seem to me to be far more prohibitively expensive than any sane commission fees could ever cover.
If you allow arbitrary people to mine it, you are basically committing to paying out dollar for dollar for every currency unit that gets awarded as a mining subsidy. Whatever subsidy you choose to allow miners to be awarded per block on your alt chain, the lower you pay them the less they will be incentivized to mine honestly and the greater incentive bad actors will have to subvert your alt network.
Alternately they might instead issue colored bitcoins (which certainly solves the mining problem) or just run a standard, centralized ledger with an API similar enough to a cryptocurrency to participate in atomic swaps. Arbitrary pseudonymous end-user private keys and payment addresses combined with atomic swap against another crypto prevents the counterparty from trying to fudge even a centralized ledger, because a ledger outside of their control would act as customer receipt, and customer key would be the only legitimate tool to re-assign the balance.
So now I'm curious, though my spidey senses still tell me I am overlooking an obvious flaw in this strategy that I feel ashamed not being able to flat out name for you.
If this proposal is not a novel one, do you know of any other places where it is being discussed, that I might has a look at? :3 
@_date: 2015-03-23 05:29:08
If you need a central authority to decide who gets to mine and what the rules are (not to mention when to print new currency) then there exists no consensus remaining to decentralize.
@_date: 2015-03-16 22:47:06
These two statements:




are not at odds with one another.
Everybody here favors *voluntary* tumbling, where a recipient of funds *chooses* to wipe their trail clean.
Everybody here would even favor software level support for same, such as downloading a unique wallet that will make sure your every transaction is tumbled by default, and/or allowing you to whitelist or blacklist what gets tumbled.
What is being argued against is *protocol*-level support, especially since nobody can agree on *how* to even offer reliable tumbling with perfect secrecy (EG: without trusting a specific party to perform the tumble but then not to tattle on you).
IIUC Darkwallet thinks they have a solution but requires a support for a new type of block level transaction, and thus a hard fork. If so, I'd prefer to see them run this on a testnet and then people could safely run atomic cryptoswaps back and forth between Bitcoin and this test tumbler, both getting full functionality out of the system and stress testing it at the same time.
Then if something about Darkwallet's blockchain addition turns into a blockchain-breaking event, it would only break that altcoin and potentially inconvenience some people in the middle of tumbling instead of breaking the entire Bitcoin blockchain.
@_date: 2015-03-19 00:46:59
KO, thank you. I'll give it another shot but it will take some time to report back. :3
@_date: 2015-03-27 20:39:34
So... nothing that ever happens in any other subreddit with poor moderation then..? õ_O
I'd love to see you find Jesus just because of how terrible is. "Nope, there must be an invisible magical friend in the sky who badly doesn't want me to masturbate, or else these chucklefucks would be right about something."
@_date: 2015-03-01 20:51:44


While I'm too lazy to even watch the debate, I think what he is getting at is that the Bitcoin *technology* can be copied (EG: Altcoins) and thus that BTC's 21 million unit limit speaks little to it's scarcity if people can just create new and different currencies on a whim.
I don't agree with his conclusion but neither does it sound like a technically inept conclusion to draw, but more of a practical or economically inept one. On par with saying "Gold isn't so rare when you could be trading lead instead". ;3
@_date: 2015-03-30 23:17:45
Lol, front desk staff don't get paid commissions so they'll be happier by far to see you leave the same way you came than to figure out new things and stop playing farmville on their workstations behind the counter. ;3
@_date: 2015-03-19 00:03:29
Right, and how many snapshots of your VPS do they store in disaster-recovery backup areas? Every GB of static data on that drive represents time and network bandwidth to save a copy to backups every night, too.
@_date: 2015-03-02 22:20:02


Only if you are ordering physical goods to be shipped to your home.
1&gt; I have goods shipped to my business instead, because USPS/FedEX are bad at ringing the doorbell and cause problems at my home location. Regardless, the way I ship things mean that even those retailers do not have to know where I live unless I'm using a credit card that requires that the merchant see said details to prove I really am me regardless of where I ship things.
2&gt; Purchasing digital services or downloads? Street address and phone number should not enter into it.
3&gt; Purchasing at point of sale? Ditto.


Forget VISA, I'm just sick of Target, Home Depot, Chase bank, and every single place I buy toothpicks from having PII on me and refusing to secure their shit so that *I* get exposed to identity theft and fraud whenever *they* get hacked.
Bitpay doesn't have *any* customer PII, they have merchant PII. Coinbase has my PII because I convert fiat there, but that is only one point of failure in comparison to "every merchant ever", and keeping that shit locked down is part of their core business model moreso than it is for Target or [Spatula City](
@_date: 2015-03-02 23:31:26
I think it's always less than 2.9%.
Heed my initial advice: "you instead mark that down by 1.74% or 2.9% or **however much you want to sacrifice to the plumbing** so that the end user doesn't have to".
I've read elsewhere in this thread some vague hints that merchant is already trying to offer the user a 5% discount. In that case, he can just say "Bitcoin price is 5% less than fiat price, but if you don't already have some bitcoin it may cost you approximately 2% to buy it with fiat. You still come out ahead over credit card prices though, so why not give it a shot?"
@_date: 2015-03-14 05:58:47
We have changed the protocol code a number of times and hardforked over it peacefully enough. But I suspect your question is just poorly worded? :3
@_date: 2015-03-24 18:50:24
In what way is this news bullshit?
[Google News seems to show hundreds of articles on the subject](
@_date: 2015-03-17 00:04:57
Nah, you *can* get it, it's just ridiculously expensive. I know because it is here too.
I run an ISP, and we pay ~$5/mbit from each of our upstreams at a commit of half a gigabit. If I owned my own pipeline to The Big City™ 150 miles north of here, then I could buy it for pennies per MB .. but the cost of that pipeline to transport everything back here would put us back at $5/mbit or worse. :P
If you wanted 20mbps aggregate (let's say colo at one of your ISPs who had to pay similar to what we pay) — which incidentally should be plenty to handle 2000tx/sec or so which is on par with all of VISA's volume — it would set you back a good $100/mo just for the bandwidth.
But I don't believe that every last user has to run a full node just to purchase coffee. It makes more sense for users to SPV to full nodes they can at least halfway trust than it does to keep the blockchain down to dialup and floppy disk requirements per node so that only multimillion dollar intl transactions can be brokered. :P
@_date: 2015-03-14 01:36:22
Why would you even want to duplicate the blockchain if you're not hashing? Just duplicate double- or triple-entry accounting instead. Intuit's been doing that for decades now, it's not some big mystery.
@_date: 2015-03-16 21:11:00
Seeing as how he is not content to wait, no. Not so much.
The masses don't give any damns about the security of their own PII. Since my day job involves securing *other* people's PII so that they don't have to, I take the pre-emptive step of simply *not putting mine in anybody else's hands* any time there is an alternative method of doing business.
I don't do drugs, but I am proud to give a damn about my own privacy and identity security in spite of that. That labels me as "not the masses" in this context, and I would warrant that has a similar excuse. ;3
@_date: 2015-03-14 00:03:19
In which case you need no blockchain, and can use any HA distributed database system which already exists. PostgreSQL if price were a concern for you, or since you are a bank Oracle is already the industry standard.
Cryptosystems benefit nobody for whom the cryptography would only get in their way.
@_date: 2015-03-25 23:24:21
Please look [three posts up](


@_date: 2015-03-16 23:28:34
So, which do you prefer? That some people with above average (such as 50/20, or Google Fiber for that matter) network connections can run a full node but everybody can buy a coffee, or that everybody with a dialup modem can run a full node for a network that only banks can settle multi-million dollar debts with? õ_O
i prefer the former, thank you.
@_date: 2015-03-17 22:51:10
Well, I cannot find any discussion or documentation concurrent with adding a limit that did not previously exist, the only discussions I see over the past five years involve *removing* it. I always assumed that the code started with that limit as a simple sort of runaway truck ramp, more to catch unexpected problems in the code or phantom transactions than any kind of spam.
Do you have any discussions which highlight the initial reasons the limit was introduced, so that we can consider those in particular in light of removing it or raising it? I don't see any spam concern myself, since most miners already drop transactions with no fee and spam has little economic incentive when there is a fee.
@_date: 2015-03-05 02:17:43
Price charts do not show capital investments (such as VC funding in Bitcoin startups) no matter what scale you use. They don't even show trade volume, nor would that matter given that every "buy" matches a "sell".
@_date: 2015-03-01 20:56:10
Right, but unless somebody obnoxious like Buttcoiners could somehow convince all of the miners around the world that Gavin's idea is terrible and that &lt;1tps is somehow ideal for their bottom line, then I've got this odd feeling that his lead is going to be followed on this one. ;3
@_date: 2015-03-16 21:24:54
That doesn't help for this attack however, seeing as how it redirects the request even *getting* to the correct back-end.
@_date: 2015-03-02 22:43:08
The block size *limit* has absolutely no bearing on the size of actual blocks, or the size of the blockchain, aside from overloaded maximums leading to failed and delayed transactions.
When you turn off your node for awhile and you have to play catch-up *the only information* you have to download is "every transaction that has occurred while you were offline", and this is equally true if the blocksize has a 1MB limit or if it has no limit whatsoever.
The *single, only way* that a blocksize limit could reduce the amount of data you have to download is if people trying to post transactions got jacked by full blocks and could not do it, so they had to either kick the shit downhill by reposting their transaction with a high enough bounty to shut out another poor sap in their place, or transfer their value through some means other than using Bitcoin whatsoever.


Cutting off one's nose to spite one's face, or suggesting that that's what your enemy ought to do, sounds a lot like Buttcoining to me. Yes.
@_date: 2015-03-22 14:08:12
[Link to my answer to similar question above](
@_date: 2015-03-19 10:19:07
Wait, does this mean you'll make a service where people get to buy Bitcoin from you using Paypal or Facebux? Or were you even paying attention?
Because heaven knows I would *love* to give you reasons to cry on the forums after falling for buyer fraud any nitwit would have seen coming from a mile away.
@_date: 2015-03-18 23:49:43


Except that Facebook, like Paypal and almost everything else, is soft money and anybody can chargeback any transaction they'd like months after the fact just by saying "boo hoo, my password got stoled!".
@_date: 2015-03-14 06:04:58
Lol, of course it's open source.
So is PostgreSQL.
Guess which of the two makes a superior distributed ledger under *centralized* and *trusted* control?
Hint, it's the one that Intuit already has API bindings for.
[Harken back to this image]( Is anybody in this thread saying that a horse towing a car is *impossible*? No. We're just saying it's stupid and utterly misses the point of why a car is a superior method of human transportation to a horse.
And why even a standard horse carriage would be superior to a horse towing a car frame.
@_date: 2015-03-04 22:03:19


EG, he is not being paid by the card company to share in the fees they charge to the merchant... which simply inflates the price of the product to begin with. Yeah, I get that he's not getting that difference discounted by paying in Bitcoin, but that's partially because there are only some states where it's not legal for VISA to penalize or blackball the merchant for passing VISA fees exclusively off to VISA customers.
If that anticompetitive bullshit that VISA pulls were made illegal, then every merchant would happily charge you an x+1% surcharge to use your x% rewards card. Wouldn't *that* be fun?
In the meantime, yeah upwards of 30 cents of blood money turned down.


He lost the opportunity for VISA to protect him from DELL. Let that sink in for a moment. Which of these two companies would be most likely to give a damn about your problems and refund a bad transaction if you call them up?
VISA will never refund a cent to you, ever, no matter who was at fault, unless they can first fish that cent out of the merchant's pocket. If they can do that then they will basically *always* honor your refund request, but only because of the extra fees they get to gouge the merchant with for making them lift a finger in the first place.
VISA profits directly from fraud. No wonder they don't give any damns about their system being more secure than it was fifty years ago.
Dell will honor their satisfaction guarantee because they know you will buy more electronics in the future and want you to continue shopping with them.. unlike VISA they have actual competition in their industry and a very valuable brand that can be tarnished by poor reviews from nobodies online unless they work to keep everyone reasonably happy.
All that said, the transaction cannot be pointless if the customer got their product. The transaction is superior to CC transactions because it was performed in one click, perhaps with a password or 2FA, perhaps with a shipping name and address and likely to his work so that it's more impersonal in contrast to filling out billing name / address / phone number / shipping name / address / phone number / credit card number / ccv2 / expiration date and then being redirected to VISA's 3d security page with an additional special pin and captcha and 4 TOS boxes to check.
Plus if or *when* Dell's transaction database inevitably gets hacked next year, this customer's sensitive personal information is not going to be disclosed so that he does not expose himself to identity theft.
You only find pointless what you don't want to pay attention to. A 3 year old would find this all pointless, because it fails to involve candy or lasers or play station 4.
@_date: 2015-03-31 21:56:50


If I put the word "money" in his mouth, it's because that's quite loudly the context at hand. You put the word "jewelry" in his mouth. Where could that possibly come from aside from obtuse pedantry?


On the other hand you don't have to account for outliers very much when they line up between your cases.
Access to banking and access to communications are both the lowest in impoverished areas. Penetration failures go hand in hand, and you're citing that the most impoverished region the article offers data on (Africa) still sees 2/3 cellphone penetration. Were you under the impression that they had anything north of 10% banking penetration, or something? Maybe the law of averages favors banking in Africa in order to see it curtailed in Spain instead? õ_O
The entire trend being discussed here is that the international banking network cannot *and will not* penetrate as far or as cheaply as simple text and data access will.
Counterparty risk will not allow it. You can't open banks in an area without holding money there, and in areas where local governments have a hard time even protecting it's rural citizens, bank vaults are flashing bull's-eyes for either direct theft or co-opting and embezzlement. Cell towers on the other hand are just as vital to the warlords as to the common people, with virtually no ROI to interfere with.
So text and data will always go where traditional banks cannot, and Bitcoin will always be available at the end of that pipe and will never require easily targeted, locally built banking infrastructure for common people to tap into.


Pedantry confirmed, then. If your only interest is to clarify that "there exists an obtusely tortured interpretation of what you say that is either ridiculous or false, isn't that hilarious for me to point out?" instead of discussion in good faith then I'll be happy to just tag you as such and point out your favorite flavor of trolling every time I see your name come up so that nobody mistakenly tries to communicate with you.
Free of charge, too. Ain't I sweet?
@_date: 2015-03-19 10:15:38
Here, let's put this another way.
Do you *run* a VPS service? I do.
What happens when there is hardware failure, like drive corruption or a raid controller going out? Do you just tell your customers "Aww, sucks to be you, you should have paid the extra $X/mo to protect against *my* shit breaking", or do you do basic customer data back up as a matter of course? :P
@_date: 2015-03-31 20:51:45


Wait, so what "mainstream" milestone do you personally feel like Bitcoin would need to meet by what time period in order to avoid the transaction system from spontaneously collapsing? Because AFAICT, so long as enough people derive enough value from using this system that the exchange rate is kept high enough to incentivize continued mining and developmental QA of the protocol, then the dragon appears quite content to sustain itself and there always appears to be another block validated.


Aside from "sure why not, QR codes make conversation-starting necklaces", we are clearly talking about the monetary properties of gold.
Over the past millennium, commodity deeds and eventually fiat currency (basically a deed without the remunerative claim) have unquestionably supplanted precious metals as the primary forms of globally circulating currency.
Bitcoin could in principle sit in that chair, as well as stealing precious metals' reserve currency spotlight as well due to sharing all of it's monetary advantages and adding a new rafter of advantages into the mix like cheap, instant and uncensorable digital transport and the capacity to secure via information security as an optional backstop or alternative to physical security.
But go ahead and hammer your checking account balance on an anvil until you get ear rings, if that's what inspires you.


Well no, I think we'd like to focus on regions that contain people and leave poor north-west Greenland and Antarctica out of this.
That said, [over 95% of the world's population subscribes to cell phone service]( and thus can participate in Bitcoin, in contrast [barely half as many enjoy access to traditional bank accounts](


Bitcoin requires no expense to participate in aside from the already covered access to a communications network and vanishingly small tx fees. Bitcoin requires no identifying information about you save (if you choose the bare-metal route) you maintaining your own personally-created private keys to control your account.
Hand, meet glove.


I'm fairly certain what he meant was "Copyright infringement via Bittorrent file sharing is illegal", yet millions of people do seem to manage to do it every day. Now is *that* news to you?


Fine, then don't think about an elephant with two trunks. Bwaa, you lose.
@_date: 2015-03-05 21:53:12
Nothing about what you said is relevant to my statement, though.
Every "Buy", which is one party offering fiat in exchange for BTC, matches a "Sell": a person willing to take their fiat and give up BTC in return.
You cannot claim that is false due to miners never buying (beyond which, who are you, their mom, to forbid them from *ever* buying?) any more than you can claim it is false due to the Cubs never winning the World Series.
@_date: 2015-03-06 18:22:42
You're the one that views what you now even agree is "an accurate chart of Bitcoin's price history" as somehow misleading, in an apparently an "the facts have a liberal bias" kind of way.
So like I said, flip the chart upside down and erase the labels so that you can pretend the sky is falling, if that's what makes you feel less mislead.
@_date: 2015-03-23 21:01:33
But modern gold prices are a terrible proxy for "real goods", given that most precious metals are traded as fractional reserve deeds.. a practice called "Naked Shorting". Example: Germany's failure to either expatriate or even audit it's gold stored in the US in 2013.
Do you have any CPI basket, or graph of prices for any commodity not commonly shorted? I mean, I don't recall F/E the price of gasoline spiking 30% on any given day that year.
@_date: 2015-02-20 07:49:41
Lol thanks, so thats in the "learn more" link underneath the "buy premium" on the front page.
They really *are* burying this HHGTTG style, aren't they? xD
@_date: 2015-02-17 00:43:02
Since you seem to be pretty deep in to make a comment like this, do you hang out at adult bookstores and strip clubs to pop out of the woordwork and heckle people for being there, too?
I sure hope so, since trolls getting punched in the mouth is on my list of fetishes. x3
@_date: 2015-03-16 22:53:46
Are you kidding me? If either the protocol or a popular software layer above it did offer perfect tumbling, that would make Bitpay's regulatory burden a *ton* easier because they would be offered zero valid leads to be forced by the government to follow instead of "a bunch of them".
@_date: 2015-03-16 21:14:36
@_date: 2015-03-19 22:30:03
Right, just like the streets in North Korea are "very safe" for the average citizen. *Waaaay* less than 50% of people get shot in the head in broad daylight, after all.
TFA discusses the billions siphoned off of small business accounts every year via civil asset forfeiture prior to any criminal charges being pressed (and therefor prior to any parties being convicted of any crimes).
@_date: 2015-11-30 20:15:30
Because he's already invested too much to fighting it to ever admit that he could have been wrong and a terrible administrator. No other reason.
@_date: 2015-03-19 01:07:55
Well, Bitcoin is hardly a "fiat-like experience" yet where you can buy groceries, pay your utility bills, and get wages from any company you work at, is it?
Circle is one of dozens of companies which offer fiat to BTC conversion. While their back-end may not be open source, their use of BTC protocol is (EG: you can start a new fiat trading service and compete with them so long as you can sort out the fiat part). Beyond that I'm not aware of anyone who open source's their complete commercial financial security platforms.
@_date: 2015-03-04 19:59:40
So you're upset because Coinbase offered an off-blockchain transaction between one of it's residential customers and one of it's big box retailers?
Were it a different merchant that used Bitpay or BIPS instead of Coinbase as gateway, customer would click a url that opens his coinbase wallet and transaction would have been equally simple, but on-blockchain. 
I think you're primarily just upset because you want to get everything on credit (until you default and lose your house) and push all fraud risk onto the merchant (until they have to raise their prices to eat it and all of your PII gets stolen every time a merchant you shop at gets hacked).
@_date: 2015-03-23 23:41:32
If you are not measuring volatility based on percentage change over time per unit, then what are you measuring? Also, why would anything except for percentage change over time per unit matter to any debtor or investor, including businesses which have to hold operational balances in order to even use a given currency?
Let's say only 1 million pesos exist, and each can buy one loaf of bread, and 1 trillion rubles exist, but each can buy ten loaves of bread.
After a fixed time period, there are still 1 million pesos but each can only buy one half a loaf of bread. There are now 2 trillion rubles, but each can still buy 10 loaves.
The peso supply remained fixed, it's mcap shrank 2:1, and the purchasing power per unit also shrank 2:1. The ruble supply doubled, thus it's mcap doubled while it's per unit purchasing power remained the same.
You may ask *why* the fixed peso supply suffered while the expanding ruble supply flourished, but the answers would be 1: because I just made up those numbers for an illustration to show how these variables dilate in comparison to one another, and for no other reason but 2: this can easily happen in the real world if the peso economy simply sucks at least 4 times as much as the ruble economy does.
But the only variables out of that chart that represent volatility to currency and debt holders is that during that time period the peso saw 2:1 volatility (in the form of lost purchasing power per unit) while the ruble saw no volatility .. at least not compared to loaves of bread.
This was the exact comparison I made between BTC and USD using Pizza as a reference point, and I made them over the same fixed periods of time. While it is true that I cherry picked the extremes on the Bitcoin scale, we can try the same with price of pizza in BTC vs USD on the first of every month in any one specific year you'd like, and that would nullify any of my illustrative cherry picking but continue to tell the same basic story in more muted hues.
But what in the world are you stretching for to compare "the inception" of BTC vs "the inception" of USD? That is a comparison that literally *cannot* matter to an investor since they cannot trade a 1 month old USD back or forth for a 1 month old BTC.


Here you confuse me because we were initially talking about volatility (which you claim to trade in!), not hold performance.
Would you prefer to take out a loan in a currency that appreciates 250,000:1 (you borrow enough to buy 2 pizza but later have to pay back enough to buy half a million pizzas) or in a currency which *depreciates* 98% (you take out enough principle to buy 100 pizzas but only have to pay back enough to buy 2)?
What volatility is good for the holder is bad for the debtor and vice versa, while zero volatility is at least better than nothing for both of them. This is why volatility is considered bad regardless of the direction. And from *that* perspective, a 98% decline is still only 1:50 volatility and quite a lot less than 1:250,000.
@_date: 2015-03-30 23:16:44


Compared to the number of atoms in the universe? Sure.
Compared to the number of people who trade in Bitcoin.. especially given that this same discussion is happening on the bitcointalk forums? I don't think so.
@_date: 2015-03-14 05:55:22
What, like every FOSS developer *ever* hasn't had to say a variant of that on a public forum at least twice per week? :P
@_date: 2015-03-22 13:38:19
[Relevant XKCD]( relevants.
Now, please read your title again and replace "Bitcoin" with "WoW Gold" or "Litecoin" or with virtually any other tradable commodity or scarce digital asset, even if that scarcity is centrally controlled.
There is nothing unique about Bitcoin in this tautology.  In fact, the fact that currency heterogeneity during travel is already a problem is proof that this is an *unusually difficult* adoption route, or else the national currency of Uncle Sugar would have already cornered the market more easily than any scrappy bunch of math enthusiasts could hope to do.
My vote is that we concentrate our efforts on problems where utilizing Bitcoin is actually unique and advantageous. Namely, wholesaler adoption. :P
@_date: 2015-03-19 22:27:31
He thinks that the feds took Ross Ulbright's bitcoins, I would gather.
@_date: 2015-03-03 01:54:32
2.9% *is* the cheapest rates you will see offered for credit card transactions. It is what Square charges, which is how that number got included in this thread.
1.74% is what OP found the Bitcoin fiat -&gt; merchant plumbing would cost the customer.
Merchant can eat the 1.74% so that the customer pays the exact price, or eat a little more in case things change over time, or eat all 2.9% if they want their revenue-per-product to remain the same. It's their choice. But if they're wanting to profit from Bitcoin business, then I'd recommend the top option.
Hell, they can even not mark down at all and just say "bwahaha customer, any fees are your responsibility" and they will still get business from people who already have Bitcoin and thus no extra fees to pay.
But what they shouldn't do is bitch that any fees exist at all. They only exist due to fiat conversion honestly being an effort that somebody has to be paid for anyway, and they can be totally avoided (give or take 3 cent miners fee) so long as both parties are only handling BTC.
@_date: 2015-03-10 20:13:44


Why doesn't it? Client can send the funds in USD or Egyptian Pounds or whatever they currently use, business receives it as USD within an hour (time for confirmations), 2% max fees if you're using Coinbase compared to Paypals 8%+ once currency conversion is included in the mix. 
Possible obstacle: if company has not already gone through Coinbase's verification steps and wants to avoid 5 day ACH delay, they could accept up to 5% fees (*still* a better love story than Paypal) to convert using Local Bitcoins instead. OTOH once you've been through either Coinbase or Circle's verification steps, then that obstacle dissolves.
But keep in mind that same obstacle exists with Paypal: withdrawing to your bank takes ACH days, and unless whatever you so desperately need to respend that balance on can be paid for directly *using* paypal (unlikely for large balances.. nobody is paying wholesalers and payroll out of Paypal accounts), even Localbitcoins could not save you there.
@_date: 2015-02-16 11:27:57
They *have* the same, read their ToS.
@_date: 2015-02-17 23:21:34
"Print" is only a euphemism here, since at no point are we talking about physical notes. Individual banks do most certainly create new money out of thin air every time they tender a loan, which is what it sounds as though you are suggesting they are doing in this circumstance as well.
At any rate you are *not* suggesting that any zero-sum insurance is paying to recoup the losses, because then the insurance rates *would* have to increase, those rate increases *would* be borne by the bank customers and it would violate your rather hyperbolic-sounding claim that "consumers don't lose a penny when banks get hacked".
In fact, In a zero sum system *every single penny* would have to be reclaimed and those would be collected out of the pockets of consumers, over time if not right away and every consumer if not just the consumers who trusted the banks who were specifically fleeced.
@_date: 2015-03-03 20:51:31
For the same reason that your self.post question was not submitted as a six minute youtube video chocked full of interviews with human/user interface specialists, 3d animated augmented reality infographics, custom orchestral soundtrack and 15 seconds dedicated to a credits scroll thanking a team of 200 seasoned artists and video directors who made this simple inquiry possible.
I'm not even kidding, don't you think posing your question that way would have gotten you a lot more answers and a lot more attention from the people you are trying to communicate with?
Don't you even take your own question *seriously*?
The answer is equally obvious, and it comes down to no budget for it and no ROI.
When you are a business that is trying to attract customers who in turn will *pay them money* for a good or a service, then you spend time on UI to make those customers feel comfortable. Doing this increases the number of customers you will attract and the volumes of revenue they will feel comfortable sharing with you.
Doing this directly contributes to your bottom line.
When you are a couple of security nerds who get together to build a project you feel excited about which will have certain functional design goals, then every minute of your time is precious and gets dedicated to those functional design goals. There exists virtually no overlap between infosec training and UI/UX training, so nobody on the team has any experience with "squarespace templates", and quite probably can spare a lot more time than the $100 monetary cover charge to participate in that. Besides any $100 they *have* is first better spent on bits of hardware to test their software on or remunerating individuals who might contribute. Pen testers and hosting fees and such.
Another consideration is that design represents surface area of attack and that this is a piece of security software that is unusually allergic to attack. You want to use a pretty cross-platform framework for drawing windows? Well it turns out your Framework X dials home for updates constantly or to load dependent libraries or to assert DRM etc, which becomes a potential malware vector. That concern may weigh more heavily on websites and web wallets, but I've run into it hundreds of times and I don't even *code* anything related to Bitcoin yet. :P
But at the end of the day what it all boils down to is "twice the number of users for your web wallet does not double your revenue". Your capital is nothing more than developer excitement and time donated, so you're going to get software that realizes that excitement for those specific people instead of software that panders to the needs of unwashed users.
@_date: 2015-03-16 23:57:28
What kind of spam on the blockchain, shill troller? What kind of prevention? What does an ice giant look like and how do we know whether or not one is attacking?
Virtually no blocks have ever been baked at the present 1MB block limit yet. If we raise that limit, are you suggesting that suddenly &gt;1MB full of spam will leap from out of nowehere?
@_date: 2015-03-23 22:46:56
\ any commodity with lower globally traded value **has** to be more volatile due to the law of large numbers. Aren't penny stocks more volatile than blue chips? Aren't baseball cards more volatile than gallons of oil?
So, Bitcoin **has** to be more volatile than currencies with higher relative global evaluation. Today, every bitcoin ever mined is only worth $3.7 bil total, while there exists far more than 1,000 times that much liquid USD on ledger and on circulating bank notes.
\ Bitcoin's relative volatility can be easily demonstrated. In 2010 10,000BTC bought 2 large Domino's pizzas, which could also be purchased for $40usd. For a brief period in Dec 2013 those same pizzas could be had for 0.038BTC, but the USD price shoots up to $42usd. Today, you will have to pay out 0.1489BTC to get the same pizzas, but still only $42usd.
By itself this does not prove that USD is perfectly aligned with the consumer good "pizza", but it *does* demonstrate that pizza merchants are *sticky* to USD and not sticky to BTC. So long as that is so pervasively the case, we must conclude that the denomination that merchants enjoy sticking to is the least volatile option compared to the goods and services that merchant has to interact with. It would be bad business for them to do otherwise.
@_date: 2015-03-03 01:50:12


I want miners to do the verification, people who are remunerated for their work notarizing the blockchain and who have way more than enough financial incentive to upgrade from dialup modems to at least DSL, let alone fiber network links.
Are the miners a centralized core? Because as long as they are not, your SPV client can verify transactions off of them perfectly. If they are, then we have *problems unrelated to maximal blocksize*.


Then either upgrade past dialup, or if you can't even do that then Satoshi *still* has your back by inventing the Simplified Payment Verification protocol. Check chapter 8 of the whitepaper.
But in all seriousness, good god, man! upgrade your network link!


Yeah, it's got to be pretty centralized if I want to buy a coffee but I don't have a balance with whichever "bank" the barista does offline transactions with.


Why do you want the blockchain to be precisely as inefficient and counterproductive as present day wire transactions? Today's transactions that weigh 1kb or less will still weigh 1kb or less decades from today, and you expect me to pay an equivalent to ~$35usd just for a distributed payment network to verify that 1kb of data is kosher?! To push all eight thousand of those bits *across the interwebs* and to include them in a magical distributed ledger?
I can get my name engraved in god damned marble for donating less than that to a hospital, but you think that's the value of committing 1kb of data to a ledger.
And while you're at it, perhaps Wikipedia should start charging people for adding new articles, because those weigh *quite a bit more* than 1kb.


I understand that I pay $0.03usd per transaction (well, per kb but whatever) right now, and that's both probably about fair and a perfectly fine TX fee to buy coffee with. If I purchased Amazon EC2 space with that money, I could buy metric buttloads of instances with far more than dialup network access at 3 cents per kilobyte, or I could just buy some hard drives for my own machine. $450 / 1TB *SSD* drive, which works out to 0.000045 cents per kb. (yeah, basically 1/6 of a satoshi!!)
So why does the network you propose need to cost **over one thousand times more** than 3 cents per kb? Precisely what is scarce in which fashion to require that price point?
@_date: 2015-03-19 00:56:46


In what manner are any of the services you mention even the tiniest bit decentralized? Each one is a central company which solely administers (and thus can censor, alter, forge or fabricate) 100% of the content that you entrust to them.


I just mentioned the tech that is: you could be making your pronouncements on Bitmessage, which *is* 100% decentralized, and no single administrative entity can forge or censor your speech.
While it is true that nobody would be there to *listen* to you, that only serves to illustrate the last part of my point: the value of Bitmessage with no audience is on par with the value of Bitcoin before any people or businesses of note have 100% left behind fiat to use nothing but Bitcoin. ಠ_ಠ
@_date: 2015-03-05 00:06:51
Don't care, if it means other people reading through still get to see my response and potentially learn a thing they had not been previously aware of. :&gt;
@_date: 2015-02-02 20:11:12
Damn your right, absolutely none of those motivating factors would appeal to a woman, would they?
So I guess I can't use this technology to defeat credit card fraud, bank fees, or get in on the ground floor of 21st century finance until after Bitcoin starts endorsing shoes and fashion lines or gets it's own reality tv show.
Alternatively it's possible that anybody regardless of gender who is only moved by superficial pursuits really has nothing to offer our ecosystem.
But I have seen some smart and motivated women get involved too, shout out to I wanted to link to her SFW diatribe on Bitcoin but Youtube appears to have nixed it. :(
@_date: 2015-02-10 22:51:24
What the hell are you talking about? Bitcoin core devs did not "split" client/node nor miner/reward. SPV existed in Satoshi's original whitepaper and miners.. still get rewarded, last time that I checked.
@_date: 2015-02-17 00:52:20
Contributing to the "that guy is a dick" fund, vuce! xD
@_date: 2015-03-24 21:34:22
Well, I had a medical bankruptcy in 2009 and the card companies have been aggressively restructuring fees, so there doesn't seem to be a card I can get that doesn't come with a hefty annual fee, early payment penalties and 22-25% APR.
IIUC you're not going to get fancy rewards cards that are no cost to you so long as you pay them off within the month, unless you have *secured* loans at the same bank.. so that when/if you max out or default they are going to get your car or your house anyway.
@_date: 2015-03-14 01:50:00
I am both a software developer and a database administrator. Neither SVN nor GIT are databases though, they are version controlled filesystems.
The Blockchain is a specialized notary database however, and it is in every conceivable fashion optimized to operate over a globally participating network of miners *competing* to provide proof of work in exchange for direct financial compensation.
If participation is not global, then whoever *cannot* legitimately mine is incentivized to offer more proof of work than legitimate miners can be as soon as there exists any avenue to spoof participation. If there exists no potential avenue to spoof participation (eg, you can utterly trust your outer-facing authentication system) then you also have absolutely no need for proof of work.
@_date: 2015-03-19 22:31:33
No, but he chided readers for potentially marginalizing it as such.
@_date: 2015-03-22 14:24:15
Right, so if every bank branch simply hosted a replicated node of an HA Oracle database (or even Postgres.. but let's face it, The Banking System would spin up new seats of Oracle to help sell their kids' girl scout cookies..) then they would be even more resistant to DDOS than Bitcoin, plus all of the accounting software on earth would already integrate with it and they would have instant clearing instead of 10-60 minute block times and they could store any data they pleased instead of only "unspent outputs" and ... well, you get the picture.
@_date: 2015-02-25 00:08:43
Do not donotdonotdonotdonotdonotdonotdonotdonot "choose" a seed from off the top of your head.
Human beings are about as good at randomness, or choosing a truly unpredictable sequence of numbers or words, [as today's robots are at playing soccer.](
Either trust your computer (armed with an RNG you vet as thoroughly as you can, and completely clean of any *possible* malware, and not a lenovo!) to come up with the random numbers for you, or try Diceware or similar.
But assuming high quality randomness (or even frequency selection from out of the complete pool of possible alternatives), the likelihood of any two people choosing the same number value from 0 - 2^128.. well..
Mathematicians don't like calling astronomically improbable things "impossible" only because we are blessed to be able to measure how ludicrously unlikely said events would be, but they are often far far less probable than almost anything a lay person would feel comfortable calling "utterly impossible".
@_date: 2015-02-05 00:56:51


So.. Bitcoin is wasteful for no other reason than being dissimilar from [Liberty Reserve](
Tell me why Liberty Reserve was shut down by the government while Bitcoin continues to function, again?
It seems to me that "wasteful" fails to be when there exist no less exorbitant uses of resource that have been shown to serve the same end.
For example, I climbed on board in 2011/2012 when I wanted to donate to Wikileaks but I learned that all centrally administered payment processors in the world (you know, Visa.. Mastercard.. Paypal.. Square.. Skrill, etc) had been successfully pressured by the United States Government to  blackball them. I bought some Bitcoin, sent that to them instead, done and dusted.
Bitcoin has this interesting property whereby it would take unanimous participation from every Bitcoin participant on earth before any one specific participant could be effectively blocked from transacting money.
And where it's impossible for a govenrment to shut it down. You know, niggling details and such.
Show me that on a single computer running in a single data center, because frankly your claims sound *quite* sensational. xD
@_date: 2015-02-16 22:31:01
Who cares though? They are insured, just keep replacing the money or printing more. Isn't that the entire point of Fiat, and why we left the gold standard and it's currency-supply-control in the first place?
If nobody is affected by hacks then you do not require security and efforts towards that end are wasted. Either that or you are not telling us the whole story, in which case I'm waiting for the other shoe to drop.
@_date: 2015-02-26 23:37:10


This is where you are missing the point. Whatever agency controls all of the mining and sets all of the supply policy, which can — as I've stated — "claw back funds, block transactions or freeze accounts" *is* the paypal/bank intermediate. That is what intermediate *means*.
The other take home is that "cryptocurrency" has nothing to do with a centrally controlled, closed participation deployment like this. As soon as the ledger is centralized you lose absolutely every advantage of trying to store it on decentralized software.
Why "mine blocks" at all to notarize transactions when the bare fact that you allowed the transaction into your mempool is all the notary you will ever require? Why screw around with block chains and orphans and merkle roots and unspent outputs when you can instead just record debits and credits into a traditional distributed database like Oracle?
Deploying a blockchain in a centrally controlled environment makes precisely as little sense as expecting the New York Subway System to optimize the commute between your bedroom and your bathroom 2 feet away down the hall. Sure, you can do it, and I wouldn't put it past the bureaucracy of a bank to prefer leaving the house and waiting in line for a train, getting on and immediately back off again because "this is the nearest stop" and walking 5 blocks back to the house to finally get to the bathroom over walking the initial 2 feet there. But at the end of the day this solution is so completely degenerate that it is not worth saying that they are *actually using* the subway system at all. They are just screwing around an inordinate amount on what is otherwise a walk to the bathroom.
@_date: 2015-02-16 22:25:01
bitcoin.org leaps to mind, aside from the Bitcoin subreddit. But let's see what [Google does give us](
* Bitcoin.org
* Wikipedia article on Bitcoin
* Google News clippings on Bitcoin
* CoinDesk's article "what is bitcoin?"
* Bitcoin.com, which is apparently run by OKCoin but I don't have time for a really thorough audit of that just now. Do let me know if you can confirm that is a shady place, though.
* What is Bitcoin? - CNNMoney
* How To Buy Bitcoin - Coinbase
So ... the very first result that is an exchange, Coinbase (or potentially OKcoin), comes up way earlier than any of no-name exchange or service of any kind.
@_date: 2015-02-17 01:29:33
Seriously, the work of a second payment option pales in comparison to the work of being in business to begin with and opening up that first payment option.
Verisign, Paypal, Skrill, Square, Coinbase, Bitpay and Gocoin all offer the exact same "URL callback" method to advertise that a sale has been made, so point them all to the same damned URL in your custom settlement engine and be done with it. Turnkey shopping carts like Magento have Coinbase and Bitpay (I don't know about Gocoin) plugins available for free.
When I began building Ecommerce websites professionally in 1997, I dealt with the precise same hoopla along the lines of "why should I create a sales channel on this wide world of webs thing when I've already got magazine and telephone orders to keep track of?"
So why don't you go ahead and advise businesses in 2015 that having a web presence isn't worth the cost when their customers could telephone or mail in hand-scribbled purchase orders instead? If that luddite nonsense doesn't even pencil out, what makes you think it does with "zomg another plug and play revenue stream"?
If your BTC sales were zero then you'd be out less than the cost of a sandwhich sign to hold out that raft indefinitely until sales were greater than zero, and you can't reasonably have enough volume of billing disputes or refunds without first at least making sales (unless more than half of your customers of all stripes simply hate your product and wants their money back..) that would finance serving whatever standard percentage of customers require special care.
@_date: 2015-02-25 01:10:54
Well you are saying you should only punish people after a crash has already happened, are you not? Reckless driving does not always result in a crash, thus you are endorsing it.
@_date: 2015-02-25 23:41:59
As long as people refuse to secure their own PCs against malware, they will still have to prove their identities to institutions (even if that's just coinbase or circle or blockchain.info or greenaddress.it) and as long as they have to do that there will be identity theft.
Besides, "proving your own identity using eavesdropping-resistant encryption" has been trivial since RSA invented digital signatures (along with public/private key cryptography) 38 years ago. "Download this Altcoin wallet to your PC or Smartphone to cryptographically sign your transactions in a replay-resistant manner" is neither easier nor harder than "Download this GPG frontend to cryptographically blah blah" has been over the past 16 years.
@_date: 2015-03-22 14:06:13
Absent any outside knowledge of history or fiscal policy (primarily because I'm too tired to look anything up and I'm not going to claim anything I can't back), he personally says that the US went off the gold standard in '71 in order to print their way through the vietnam war.. but then later goes on to claim that the US also somehow printed their way through World War II.
It sort of undercuts his central point that "the devastating wars of the twentieth century were made possible by money printing" when a majority of the 20th century saw the greatest war-maker of that century still on the gold standard.
@_date: 2015-03-14 00:31:48
Bitcoin is a decentralized system that uses proof of work and paid mining incentive (the more proof of work you generate, the more monetary incentive you accrue) in order to generate a cryptographic notary chain that is challenging to spoof only because of the ridiculous, multi-petahash proof of work that is constantly generated and *literally* purchased by the block rewards and transaction fees.
People can perform a 51% attack against this mining network *only if they can outrun it*, and by doing so they earn enough legitimate fees out of the network that they are alternately incentivized: the fees they would continually earn would be directly undercut by their decision to attack.
Security is normally characterized by the *cost* of expected attack versus the *value* of the data you are attempting to secure. The global Bitcoin network sets the one of these directly against the other, by outright *paying* miners to be honest: to align their values with the good of the network. So by the time any single miner has grown so powerful that they *could* subvert the network the *value* of their revenue in theory outweighs any value they could realize by subverting the network. Or, at the very least stands in stark contrast to it.
As soon as you centralize blockchain notary operations, this virtuous cycle is popped. Now you are plastering non-blockchain-related kinds of security onto your ledger, and you have to trust them not to be hacked. If they are, then an attacker merely needs to outpace whoever presently does your proof of work mining to perform 51% attacks.
If you drop the proof of work requirement entirely in favor of signed democratic consensus, then you are better off using m-of-n signature notary on standard relational database updates. Which is more or less what SWIFT or ACH do, and can already easily be made faster except that the existing global banking network does not *profit* from making settlements clear any faster than they already do.
The existing banking network wants to limit access, censor transactions, track identities, and mine financial transaction information with the goal of reducing personal autonomy and increasing their own power and wealth. Fin.
@_date: 2015-03-23 21:30:22


Well, modern USD prices *are* a terrible proxy for real goods, and 30% volatility of BTC / USD over a given day *does not* prove any volatility of BTC / real goods.
There's not a thing at all wrong with maintaining the point, but unless a person can either find a graph of a real good to compare to both BTC and USD and find BTC to be the more stable of the two, or until you can convince all BTC merchants to price in sticky BTC denominations instead of sticky local fiat denominations then all of our available evidence still has to cite BTC as being (a lot) more volatile than USD.
And it would be madness to expect any different result due to the relative currency pool valuations (in these parts problematically refered to as a "market cap") being at a ratio of 1:1000 or greater. It is simply inevitable for any free floating value commodity of lower grand total value to be more volatile than other such commodities of higher grand total value.
BTC is volatile and at this stage in it's development it has no choice but to be. Big deal, we figure out how to extract the best value out of it *in spite* of it's volatility, and the more businesses who learn how to do this the greater the investment in it, the greater it's unit and currency pool values grow, and as a result the less volatile it actually gets. :3
@_date: 2015-02-25 01:56:35
To be precise that was what I perceived your position to be all along. But then, why do you balk at firing into a crowd of people as long as nobody gets hit? How is that any different than crashing any car you own in public or passing millimeters from kids at play doing 200mph so long as you are *fortunate* enough to miss them?
@_date: 2015-02-27 00:15:13
He's right that he should use 2FA on his email and such, but here's more.
* His accountant should perform an extra verification step, such as phoning him, about monetary actions above a certain amount
* As soon as you ascertain that a malicious actor is abusing your computing assets — just as if they were breaking into your physical premises or bodily assaulting you — you call the cops.
I really feel like getting waist deep into Bitcoin with this little understanding of infosec is precisely as irresponsible as playing football without knowing what a head injury is or how to avoid one, or buying a bunch of guns without realizing that staring into the barrel to determine if it jammed on last fire is probably inadvisable.
It's only ironic that his loss was tendered in via financial method completely unrelated to Bitcoin. :P
@_date: 2015-02-17 22:35:43


I don't know about $20/$40, the only fees I've seen listed for wire transfer are either $35 or $50. Regardless, Wire transfer does not implicitly take care of currency conversion either, which I believe is part of Paypal's bounty.
Using Bitcoin the transfer is completely free and the conversion is going to be 0-1% at each end, for a grand maximum total of 2% ≈ $100usd.
OP's entire point was that this is a *trusted* supplier so he would prefer to save on txn fees than to be protected in case of dispute resolution, but Paypal does not allow you to opt out from that lucrative "service".
@_date: 2015-02-28 00:10:19
(get this): billions of people run code. How many people are trained to read or modify code?
And don't even bother to reply to me unless it's via forum software that you're running on your own servers (that you built yourself from raw metal and smelted sand) instead of leaning on corporations like Reddit to pass messages for you over computers fabricated in Asia using circuit pathways you couldn't distinguish from a quilt; not that you'd ever even try.
@_date: 2015-02-03 21:54:48
There exists absolutely no feature that BitcoinD offers a centrally controlled banking network that Oracle does not already offer in spades with it's "peanuts software licence". That is the core of the discussion and you are throwing around nonsense numbers that fail to address this.
Oracle already *does* clearing. So long as the arbiter is centrally controlled, clearing is an embarrassingly simple problem to solve: central arbiter just picks the first valid transaction and rejects any that conflict with it. Case closed.
That's the same solution BitcoinD uses, but it's innovative capacity is to force a global network of untrusting actors to come to a consensus over such relatively arbitrary decisions.
When you strip that away you *have* nothing left but "find peers, share mempool transactions with peers", and sometimes privileged nodes will "collect all the active transactions into a 'block' document that everybody else agrees with because they are administratively required to".
That is not a banking revolution, that is what a college level C++ designer would have given you if you asked for exactly that in the 1960's, and even *he* would have backed slowly away from you if you insisted you were going to gut SWIFT and replace it with his code.
@_date: 2015-02-03 23:53:38


"The environment" being raw math apparently. This is just the analogue of "facts have a liberal bias".
At the end of the day, functionality *is* functionality while fashion and peer-validation *are* merely sugar coatings over that functionality. Even if we *did* dress up Bitcoin with whatever superficial artifice it took to attract a shallow demographic to interact with us, what would that even accomplish? Are they going to offer pull requests to fix bugs, or develop new side channel protocols to improve security? Well they're certainly not going to as long as bare function is their raw material of disinterest, and if it weren't then they would already be engaged.
@_date: 2015-02-10 22:19:10
OTOH, like said, if you connect to absolutely all nodes on the network then you are by definition connected to all honest nodes, and if you are connected to every honest node then a sybil attack is impossible even if dishonest nodes outnumber them.
So while you might think "my chances of getting an honest node increase as number of honest nodes increase", what you're really doing is making it more difficult for all of the honest nodes to connect thoroughly with one another into a trustworthy mesh.
@_date: 2015-02-05 02:03:28
Well, is there going to be a separate criminal trial for that? Is the additional case ongoing? I know I probably used the word "charged" wrong, I probably should have said "tried" but I mixed up my legal jargons. :/
@_date: 2015-02-16 11:17:02
Then why do banks bother securing anything? Hell, why do they even keep a balance for you instead of just letting *you* keep track of your own balance and they just believe you when you show up to withdraw? (Or not, if they feel like dicks today..)
@_date: 2015-03-27 20:31:21
[Replace "girls" in this relevant XKCD with "Any self-identified group of people to which I do not belong"](
@_date: 2015-02-05 01:07:48
Alright, was that one of the counts in this case or wasn't it?
@_date: 2015-02-16 11:36:11
It sounds to me like miners have an incentive to skew the time incorrectly as far as they can in order to keep the difficulty low at the next difficulty adjustment.
This range means you can set your time to 1 second later than the median of last 11 blocks, or 7000ish seconds later than the present reported median time, and either value will be allowed. I think if you skew it towards the future, then especially if you are the 2016th block you get to choose a minimal possible difficulty for the following fortnight.
@_date: 2015-02-13 05:41:31
I didn't cherry pick, I just honestly don't know what "docker and openstack" are unless we're talking about khakis and a half full can of pringles.


I'm pretty sure that playing the synonym game would neither have increased consumer confidence in bitcoin nor bolstered it's third party infrastructure to safeguard such trust thus far in our growth cycle. People don't jump on board because they do not trust *money* to this vessel yet, and depending on how you approach it ordinary people are right not to trust their money to a protocol as participation-hungry as this one remains.
And it's a much slower process as a result. Companies grow with demand and talent, each of which are slow to grow because of the risk the system poses to assets until Companies grow sufficiently to help write new software and provide new services to mitigate those risks. But each of these *are* growing, and they *do* feed one another.
@_date: 2015-03-23 05:18:41
I'm sorry, I included this point because I misread the thread layout and thought that [this]( was in the parent heirarchy.
But you're right, they'll just airgap the network making it even less meaningful to use Proof of Work as an authentication method.
@_date: 2015-02-26 01:22:47


This sub? "I mean I know I make more money than 3-6 of you plebs combined, but.. (bitching about expenses dwarfed by the gas burned to get to the store)" isn't going to play well *anywhere in the world*.
How do you think people who work service jobs (*including* bagging up Your Lordship's groceries) feel when they get bawled at by every other rich asshole over the nickel fee for the luxury of destroying wildlife habitats instead of just bringing a cloth bag with you like a responsible adult?
Holy hell, if only Maryland had can deposits then your head might spin so fast from anxiety about all of the nickels you'd never stoop to putting in the effort to redeem again that it might just twist clean off.
@_date: 2015-02-28 05:56:35


.. between two things that GP never talked about.
He contrasted "audit and modify your own code" directly against "closed source", without directly addressing any of the permutations in between.
If you trust your friend or if you hire a company to furnish you with software that works the way that you want, and that you lack the capacity to double check or alter yourself, then wouldn't you say a fair percentage if not a majority of that software available today is closed source? Rydan was arguing *directly against* that.
Of course you *can* trust a friend (What, Gentoo isn't your friend?) or you *can* hire somebody (What, you don't donate to your distribution maintainers? I donate to the Debian Project and to Canonical..) to furnish you with open source, auditable code just as easily as closed source. But unless you are doing *precisely* what Rydan here suggests and "audit everything by hand", then you will have to rely on people like OP — who Rydan is shouting down — to warn you when maintainers are directly violating the posted social contract (deviating from upstream to install pet patches specifically designed to blackball certain controversial participants on the network).
And besides *all of that*, this is less of an issue of one user running code on their server they may wind up not approving of, and more of an issue of an army of users with no opinion on the matter having software foisted upon them against the rules of the distributor that is specifically designed to have an ill effect on a third party.
Kind of like the "Emerald" Secondlife viewer that didnt cause much drama for those who ran it just prior to the project shutting down, but the viewer did direct those computers to DDOS the website of somebody that the project head had a beef against. Granted this is more subtle given that it's a one-man-decision network blackballing instead of an active flood, but the dynamics of who needs to be warned of what are similar.
@_date: 2015-02-25 22:35:22
So.... do the first hash round in JS at the client then? Only the first round is sensitive to input size.
@_date: 2015-02-10 22:08:52
Lol, at this rate Orville and Wilbur wright should be ashamed of themelves for inventing manned flight while full well knowing that "most people" can't be pilots. Not even close, not even 100 years later. I guess that just dooms their entire tech, now doesn't it?
Of course, on the other end of the spectrum, when the printing press came out "most people" couldn't read, and when the automobile was first introduced "most people" could not safely pilot one. Give the common man time to normalize studying what the experts do, and pretty soon you've got 80% or more of people meeting those accessibility boundaries half-way.
God damn, when the Internet began to gain popularity [did "most people" know how to use that]( Twenty years later with over half the world's population online and an astounding number of people still don't realize that facebook is even "online". Yet the Internet somehow serves value even to people who do not understand it. How did that happen?
Bitcoin solves the problem of you being forced to seek permission from one, single, globally situated and politically charged cabal to transact money. It does not *require* that you are your own bank, but it *allows* entities to serve that function without having to first sign their souls away to their competitive incumbent predecessors. It allows people who don't answer to the same authority to still consensually do business.
@_date: 2015-03-20 01:25:53
Remittance would still be big even if skipping WU's 10% teacher's per tax were rendered illegal. There would still be people interested in purchasing anonymous digital services online such as hosting and vpns.
Bitcoin's intrinsic value is it's capability to inexpensively, reliably, and quickly send money anywhere on earth free from censorship and without having to disclose sensitive personal information. 
US government disapproval would not directly challenge those features, it would just make it minutely more challenging to transact. I wager that most popularly, people would have to buy, sell, and offer services to get Bitcoin instead of trading fiat. 
Like I said, tighter grip leaves them with less surface area to meaningfully grasp. They have the greatest control today by carefully tar-pitting and deputizing fiat exchanges. Why throw that away and force users to bypass fiat entirely sooner than they otherwise might have to? 
@_date: 2015-02-05 00:22:51


Wow, I never realized that butters were such entitled, suburban brats. x3
@_date: 2015-02-02 21:13:22


The title of this self post ends with "It's our job to make it happen". Sounds like an allocation of responsibility to me.
@_date: 2015-02-07 02:33:23
Alright. For the one, I do not hold that there exist any significant genetic predispositions for or against stereotypical skills or behaviors between the genders. The simplest counter-example is that other cultures obliterate our Western gender stereotypes. For example, female participation in IT, cryptography, advanced math etc is tons higher in China and Japan than it is in the United States.
The differences are cultural but my argument is the differences are *not* limited to aggressions or exclusions, and more often come in the form of alternate inducements.
As a woman *in our culture*, you have a thousand times greater odds relying on others to obtain success for you (from hypergamy to state support to plain old chivalry of the crowds) than men do.
Pay close attention to that: Not necessarily more success riding on the shoulders of others than earning success yourself, just better capacity to ride on the shoulders of others *than men have*.
As a direct result, men will fight tooth and nail for every prospect to make a living with their bare hands, at least in part *because they have no choice* while women do have a choice, and the fewer women who choose to compete the greater male competition they wind up seeing.
In short: teach a man to fish and you'll feed him for life, give a woman a fish every day and she'll never be motivated to *learn* to fish or to fend for herself. But if you *don't* maintain the woman to the fishy lifestyle to which she has grown accustomed, then both the court of public opinion and the actual legal court system will intervene to make certain that you do because exposing men or boys to harsh reality builds character while doing the same to women or girls is horrible abuse or neglect.
Yes, it's the same root as all sexism: infantalizing grown women while saddling boys with hyper-agency from an early age. But it's also the bread and butter of Feminism: tug on the traditional-gender-role heart strings of "woman as victim" to do every scrap of the political heavy lifting for you. Hypocrisy at it's finest.
That's why this so called "subtle" discussion about how to achieve the questionable end of Equal Outcomes sans Equal Motivation (largely questionable because of how it undermines a woman's agency to presume that her choice to avoid hard work *must* be harmful to her!) normally fails: the only tools ever brought to bear are giving women still more fish instead of either teaching them to fish or honestly exposing them to a harsh environment where learning trumps starving, which is simply par for the course for boys and men.
That's also why it's never "I'm sorry, Google, that there are too many women who are so spoiled they don't bother even getting the requisite college degrees to hold positions with your company. Let's work together to make the next generation tougher and more fit to serve" instead it's "Google is nothing but a Boy's Club™ for highering a greater percentage of women than the percentage who qualify by even getting the required degree to do the job, but still less than 50%" and "Google's moves to throw millions at encouraging girls in public education is too little too late, just proving how sexist they are and how much they don't get it".
If there is a woman who knows the math and does the crypto and wants to help Bitcoin, I'll buy her a beer from here and smack down any chauvinists at least as hard as I do when girls who specialize in entertainment speak up on the sub. If there is a woman who wants to *learn* the math or *learn* the crypto, then I will straight up explain it much as I do if any guy asks, and point to further resources like the magnificent short-video series [Gambling with Secrets]( 
But virtually all women I have heard feedback from, personally and here and elsewhere, about Bitcoin in particular or bare metal computing in general, view math as "hard" and "icky" on par with how easy it is to hate brussel sprouts when endless corndogs and candy exist to sate one's hunger instead. They're not going to start doing the math just because men alter how they react around them, they are going to refuse to come *unless they don't have to do the math at all* and at that point *we do not require their participation*. On levels outside of the core, they don't like the volatility and the risk and they are in "wait and see" mode. Few will join and others who engage with that risk and turn profit on it unless somebody else eats their risk for them.
As with Hypergamy they demand the profits while staunchly avoiding any of the sacrifices or drawbacks. That's merely luggage for forgettable pack-mules to carry for them in exchange for "I am now among you, bask in my opulent diversity!"
@_date: 2015-02-09 23:38:27


Sure, that covers half the delta-V to the moon but I swear to god it's *easier* to build a Saturn V rocket and carry a paper airplane in that to the moon than to build anything that would involve the Space Shuttle even getting off the ground and then some part of that same assembly still reaching the moon. :P
@_date: 2015-02-14 03:58:36
No, it can't be. Everyone in is the same and they're all stupid and gullible. Or at least that's what this guy on told me.
Oh, wait..
@_date: 2015-02-10 23:41:40
No, your comment just wasn't clear. You made it sound like "every client is a full node, and every miner gets a reward" which is what I replied to.
It wasn't clear that you were mashing all *four* of those activities together as though evyl bitcoin devs prevented every client from mining, or something ludicrous like that.
But why are you asking if I've even read the whitepaper? Do you see any clause in the whitepaper that says "every client needs to mine"? Because I see page 5, section 8, "Simplified Payment Verification"'s very first sentence is:


So what in the world is happening today that you claim Satoshi never intended, and that soured him from the project?
@_date: 2015-02-19 00:21:28
Logarithmic scale is the *only* relevant thing when computing purchasing power in the real world, because you are comparing data to past data. So seeing two changes each X% *should* look identical on the chart.
Your growth does not even have to be exponential for this to hold true. Jump from $80 to $90, then $90 to $101.25, those two jumps should look identical on the chart because they each represent *exactly* 10% bumps in purchasing power, but on a linear chart the latter one looks more important.
@_date: 2015-02-14 01:28:43
This is true, because the physical world is a bigger (eg, more filled with "distance" and inaccessibility) place than the digital world, lax attitudes can flourish where the environment allows it.
Online it's a very small world and every criminal in every corner of it is within walking distance of your assets; there are no sleepy areas in digital geography.
But that also means that it's the *wrong* place to have a lax security attitude.
I'm not trying to say that *every* person in the world is physically security conscious, but those in areas that require it certainly are and I'm only saying that those people are an example that we **can** hold one another to a standard suitable for the personal security profile of an area.
And online the area is pretty obnoxious. It's on par with Downtown Detroit in the nineties. I think part of our mission should be fighting the big picture fight to make the "city" safer, but part should also be taking some pride in our own digital dwellings instead of trying to beat the local gangs into transforming everything into an outhouse or a firebarrel. :P
@_date: 2015-02-12 23:52:29
Is it too much to ask that the home that person sits in front of said computer to play those games and watch those cat videos not reek of urine or have masses of cockroaches spilling out the windows?
We hold our bodies and our homes to a certain standard of cleanliness and we call one another out when we live in a pig sty or haven't showered in a month. We lock our homes and our car doors when they are unattended, and maintain functioning locks while I'm at it.
These are the expectations we have normalized and they help to deter theft and reduce the suface area for infection *and for re-infection*.
Why cannot we expect the same on our electronic devices? We could treat them like a temple or like a punching bag, why do we settle for the latter and doom them forever to triviality?
@_date: 2015-02-25 01:20:08
Seals with clubs allowed you to deposit and withdraw Bitcoin to facilitate anonymous gambling. The Silk Road allowed you to deposit and withdraw Bitcoin to facilitate anonymous trading of out of band goods and services.
Neither of these enterprises is any more or less closely knit with Bitcoin than the other is, and when LEO goes after them, it is every bit as much an attack on using Bitcoin to defy unjust laws as it is about enforcing those same unjust laws.
@_date: 2015-02-14 04:04:14


This sounds like you only measure benefit to bitcoin in the amount of the asset that other people hold down for you to drive up the price so that you can sell your share off at some point in the future (instead of holding things down for them) and knife them in the back.
But have you ever stopped to consider how many BTC coinbase needs to hodl beyond their customer deposits just to lubricate their balances, and how that deposit must grow over time as their business volume grows?
Even transient use of BTC drives value, and either way I would *certainly* love to see the likes of WU competed against by a similar company that adds complete global BTC support to the conversion and remittance mix.
@_date: 2015-02-17 01:49:04
Because the paypal shills and buttcoin lulminers spend all of their time here chanting "lalala, paypal costs mean nothing because consumers never have to pay it it's all dumped onto the filthy merchants, along with all fraud risk. Hahaha, stupid producers of goods and services! I sure am glad I'm a lazy mooch who never has to put up with the nightmare of trying to contribute to society lol!"
So OP tried to offer this to show that even the lazy consumers are sometimes forced to foot the bill. But he fails because the lazy consumers never have to buy things from overseas, and even if they did they'd just con their beleaguered parents into paying both principal and interest by whinging loudly. :P
@_date: 2015-02-26 12:22:45
That's not ironic. Bitcoin allows us to circumvent a worldwide banking oligopoly that basically represents one, single, incumbent interest. You cannot use their technology (or any modern centralized technology) to compete against them, they will squash any competition and rest upon their cornered industry at the expense of every human being on Earth who uses money (and I don't know if you've noticed, but dozens and dozens of people use money! x3).
While Coinbase may be an institution, and they may have to comply with State currency law such as KYC and AML, and part of their business includes transferring value back and forth with the legacy banking system, they are not owned by it and their unavoidable Hold position on Bitcoin (they must retain a considerable balance in order to service Bitcoin clients at full reserve) guarantees their investment in our economy as well.
Put short: Bitcoin means you don't *have* to trust any institution, not even Coinbase.. but it empowers Coinbase because *they* don't have to trust, and/or merge with, the legacy oligopoly either.
Thus *even people who do choose to leave their trust in Coinbase* just like they would have a legacy bank are made better off, just as people who choose to install and trust a Linux distro just as they would have Windows (EG: they aren't compiling locally or manually auditing code) still benefit spectacularly that other people *can* audit code and experience lower barriers to adding new features.
@_date: 2015-02-25 01:21:52
I have not yet touched upon government licencing, I am presently only responding to your "nobody should be punished until after a negative consequence has occurred" motif. Can you reply to me on that topic first, please?
@_date: 2015-02-16 22:20:35
Why is who worried about what? :o
@_date: 2015-02-18 22:24:28


Spelling. :3
@_date: 2015-02-23 06:43:06
1: No, everybody *who already knows plenty about Bitcoin* has heard of Silk Road. Tons of people have never heard of either one. So does it really make sense to lead with "Yes, this frying pan has been used to bludgeon people to death in a high profile court case. But I still think its' a great way to fry up some eggs!"
2: Silk Road is no more "criminal" than Bitcoin at large, it was simply regulation resistant up to and not beyond the point where it's operator was arrested. Being resistant to regulation did allow criminals to do business there but it also allowed legal business to occur without KYC colonoscopies and invasive identity-verification surgery.
3: The difference betweek Silk Road and OpenBazaar is on par with the difference between Bitcoin and Liberty Reserve: "is it centralized or isn't it". 
@_date: 2015-02-19 23:43:32
Yeah, they seem to hide it for some reason.
[As recently as December people in their forums were grumbling about this]( so the admins replied that you click the yellow "Bitcoin Accepted Here" button on their front page instead of going to the ordinary shopping cart.
But their frontpage has changed since then, and I see no yellow button any more, so I've re-asked in that thread. :/
@_date: 2015-02-02 20:53:55
Yeah, I'm really jealous of the *settlements* that those people were able to work out.
Oh wait..
@_date: 2015-02-27 23:57:35
Because Coinbase is primarily known for banning users due to withdrawal *into* gambling sites in the first place, and GP is being cheeky. ;3
@_date: 2015-02-02 19:16:52


Set the rules to their favor? Without a gender check in the blockchain I don't see how this is to be accomplished.
Either the genders are equal or one gender requires a wheelchair ramp and then has to explain why. You can't have it both ways.
Bitcoin (and gaming) are 100% equal opportunity fields: you play if you want. You study them if you want. All of this "you need us in your little playpen but you need to first *pander* to our delicate sensitivities before we'd even deign to come in the door, so clean this pigsty up" has got to stop.
@_date: 2015-03-14 01:29:10


I am trusting them to take the easiest and to them most profitable road, yes. Stop paying them to *compete against one another*, against the combined computing power *of the entire planet* to produce proof of work, and they will stop producing enough to prevent any one rogue actor from 51% attacking instead. Be that a rogue bank, or a co-opted, black mailed bank, or a hacked bank.
That is not to say that a centralized system *cannot* be trusted, only that the blockchain component cannot do *it's* job of offering security unless the world is both allowed and paid to globally participate in mining it.
@_date: 2015-02-22 02:45:25
When you use multisig you are storing it in such a way that both coinbase *and* your own hardware would have to be co-opted in order for the coins to get stolen.
@_date: 2015-02-02 20:44:46
I'm aware of few Bitcoin Conferences myself, and the last one in Tampa appeared to be sponsered by that Paycoin scam so..
.. not really looking like the place to expect change to come from. :P
But that said, if we got to choose or organize our own conference then why not child care *and* paid dancers? :o
@_date: 2015-02-09 23:03:18
What single-instances am I mixing up?
I conclude nothing about "all women" or "all men", but I do suggest that there exist strong cultural norms *in the west* which offer women lifestyle inducements alternate to technical or analytical work that men are not offered. Boys and men are instead treated harshly to inculcate the life and death need for them to support not only themselves but ideally families including ideally idle wives.
I suggest that these alternate lifestyle inducements are bound to spoil the work ethic of a great percentage of any population of humans *of either gender* whom you offer them to.
Try this thought experiment. Go to an employment department and stand outside offering $300k 5 year annuities for free, no strings attached, to every person who passes by *that has red hair*.
Now, explain to me why there are suddenly virtually no redheads *inside* of the employment department looking for work. You work out that this particular town's working-age population is 30% redheads, why did we get 200 people signing up at the employment department today and only one was a redhead? What kind of evil Ginger discrimination is happening today, and how do we punish those privileged brunette and blonde people who are greedily munching up all of the jobs?
The person standing outside handing out discriminatory annuities is the elephant in the room. The people concerned about population representation inside the employment department will never admit that they are out there or stand to talk about them. Because in short: you cannot be allowed equalize the annuities by handing out new offers to blondes or brunettes, because that would be racist against the axiomatically oppressed gingers! You also can't make the people outside *stop* handing out the annuities that they presently are, or ask them to scale back because *that* would be racist against the axiomatically oppressed gingers, too.


Look, maybe you are confused because you are confusing me with other people you are having discussions with? In my thread you have yet to link to *any* scientific citations. You've just got a youtube link to a talk given by a researcher that you asked me to check out five minutes of, and all he did during those five minutes is to bring up and then trash a study I already told you that I *do not* agree with in the first place and doesn't factor into any of my arguments.


I just gave you my hypothesis as to why (for probably the fifth time), which is apparently "what makes zero sense to you". Why do you spend so much time claiming to look for a source of "lack of motivation" if you cannot consider "needs being met elsewhere" as the very first place to look?
@_date: 2015-02-25 22:18:43
TIL that there exist people who feel that 82 words on any topic (zomg, that's three whole tweets!) is "long winded".
I did nothing more than compare SealsWithClubs to Silk Road, now you are inferring that even the Silk Road takedown had nothing to do with Bitcoin. If this is a fair assessment, then please elaborate why not?
@_date: 2015-02-02 21:17:34
Then settle with them and stop complaining about it as a stipulation in the settlement. Until then you are comparing pending cases with cases that have settled, and you are doing so both dishonestly and on purpose.
You might as well compare OJ Simpson with JO Madeupname who just got done shooting somebody 14 seconds ago so they haven't even been detected or caught yet, let alone sentenced.
@_date: 2015-02-05 01:48:18
Then tell that to [the person I originally replied to]( who is implying the opposite.
@_date: 2015-02-25 23:52:02
So, denominate the mortgage in something other than your currency. Bars of gold, barrels of oil, hours of labor? And then you can still tender the mortgage and receive payments over time in whichever currency is convenient, including the deflationary one.
@_date: 2015-02-02 19:45:22
Bitcoin is literally as voluntary as an existing financial technology can be. No company, no government, no *trend* and no *shame* can prevent a dedicated individual of any gender, religion, age, geographic location (so long as you have internet access), or even *species* from participating in Bitcoin.
Therefor your numbers do not reflect "representation", representation is perfect *by definition*. Instead your numbers represent pure, unmitigated interest.
And I'd wager that your numbers line up pretty well with female percentage of the population interested in cryptography of any kind.
You can only lead a horse to water, and our technology is no less innovative if they never choose to drink.
@_date: 2015-02-02 23:57:29
What belief, you triple-posting loser? Quit making up strawmen and learn to read or something.
@_date: 2015-02-17 22:43:06


A 2.3% gross cost difference translates to what in your net proceeds? If your margin was 10%, then saving 2.3% costs drives your margin up to 12.3% which represents a **23% increase in profits**. Who on Earth is going to find *that* negligible?
While on the one hand I agree with you that the supplier isn't going to offer Bitcoin as an option if only one customer is asking and they have no competition, that is by definition price gouging. If you have no competition then you might as well just double your sales price, or add in a bunch of hidden fees and surcharges, because you have all of the negotiation power in this relationship.
In any event, OP's primary point was that Paypal does not always force the cost onto the merchant (in turn leading to "other customers" potentially paying for dispute resolution etc, since they're liable to charge the same for wire transfer, check, etc..).
@_date: 2015-02-16 11:26:31
The Bitcoin exchange hack (and/or inside job)hurt the morons who put their money into a no-name garage exchange. 
The Banking hack hurt everybody who holds a balance in USD due to the inflation inherent in printing replacement money so that depositors "remain whole" while criminals enriched by their spoils work on planning their next heist.
Plus it clarified that some of the most secure digital institutions on earth are ripe to be pwned, so I'm chewing popcorn waiting for the next stage or two to unfold. x3
@_date: 2015-02-17 01:02:19
A Merchant should be free to accept any god damned asset that they'd like that some other entity is willing to buy back off of them again, and that is at least legal to trade. That's what "Money" is.
*You're* the one who is giving Bitcoin a bad name with your arrogant attitude. Bitcoin will prosper no matter how many alt coins get accepted by merchants, because every coin is limited to it's market value and the poser coins will always have poser value compared to us.
But our open source nature *guarantees* that they will be there. Trying to punish *other people* for tinkering with them goes against our open source spirit and just makes you look like a mindless pumper, in turn reflecting badly on the rest of us.
@_date: 2015-02-13 05:32:44


What .. I am referring to is the sense that risk can *never* be completely eliminated. This is not unique to Bitcoin applications, it is equally true of "on chip crypto", banks, stocks, vaults full of bullion, you name it.
The only question is *how much* risk, and how does that compare with the opportunities that a given storage option allow you.
The opportunity to store wealth with no upper limit on a secure computing device that you unilaterally own and control, and to potentially transfer anywhere on earth instantly and beyond the reach of censorship and without exposing your funds or your identity to theft during the transaction is all fairly massive in theory (and hopefully over a short period of time also in practice) but it will still require a fairly high degree of security to amount to an acceptably low possibility of risk. For example, less risk than being struck by lightning would be a great starting point.
I simply feel that our culture *ought to* begin to normalize the discipline (and software and legal infrastructure, etc etc) required to make our home PC's approximately that secure.
Largely because Bitcoin *is not the only* application that is going to begin to flourish in an environment that healthy.
In the meantime, feel free to store Bitcoin on a Trezor or on a paper or brain wallet. I'm not harshing your mellow, I'm just fighting a complimentary battle if you don't mind.
@_date: 2015-02-03 21:58:03
That's my point. Not yet charged, or not yet convicted for something that transpired a short time ago is a far cry from getting a settlement on something that's been going on for decades.
@_date: 2015-02-27 05:58:13
If you're looking for a quick overview of how to shore up your security and response practices, a quick google search and some weeding of weak results netted me this article which — while admittedly a bit sensationalist and garish at points — does actually have pretty thorough-looking advice for the context at hand:
* [Here's how to protect your cash from a bank hacking crime wave | This is Money](
For a more in-depth look at infosec, how to do a thorough job securing all ends for your home or small business, how to get the right *sense* of security instead of just quick lists of tips that might be obsolete in 2 years or which might overlook something unique about your own context, I'd recommend either of the following two books by Schneier:
* [Secrets and Lies: Digital Security in a Networked World](
* [Beyond Fear: Thinking Sensibly About Security in an Uncertain World](
@_date: 2015-02-14 03:57:25
Ouch, asking a troll to be creative or productive?
I thought you knew their only skill was in trying to humiliate anybody *else* who tries to contribute. They will never offer a target for their fellow monkeys to piss all over.
@_date: 2015-03-02 21:59:41
To sum up, what you're saying is that the Bitpay Magento plugin does not have a "mark down by X%" feature built right into it?
I don't even know if it does or not, but it should. In fact, why didn't a thought like this occur to you prior to jumping on board the "merchant manually editing everything everywhere" solution? õ_O
@_date: 2015-02-18 01:44:59
The pressure against Bitcoin being fractionalized is that raw Bitcoin is basically equally easy to handle as any kind of Bitcoin IOU, and the raw Bitcoin has significantly more value to arbitrary people because you do not have to trust a third party the same way you do for an IOU.
Gold, on the other hand, is frightfully expensive to store securely or to transport. This makes the convenience and inexpense of Gold IOU's virtually take on the same value as the initial gold.
"I have a gold brick!"
"Yeah, well good luck sneaking that past customs or fighting off muggers. I, on the other hand have a password to an online account that holds a gold brick for me :P"
"Shit! Will you trade that for my physical brick? Yours seems more valuable!"
This is not likely to happen with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-25 01:04:59
It sounds like you'd be in favor of shooting recklessly into a crowd so long as nobody gets hit, right?
The thing is, when you point a gun carelessly in the direction of some people and squeeze the trigger, we can only describe the outcome of that action probabilistically. 100 people in virtually identical situations can do that, with the exact same mens rea, and only some of them will hit people while others hit nobody at all.
The same is true of driving. 100 drivers of the same skill can turn the keys on 100 different cars and drive in virtually identical weather over virtually identical roads in virtually identical traffic patterns, yet some of them may crash while others do not.
Luck carries a lot more influence about the outcome of individual driving incidents than mere skill or mindfulness do. So why do you want to punish millions of good drivers for bad luck while blessing millions of terrible drivers for magooing their way through life, when you and I both know their luck will run out and kill people in the future if their behavior remains unchecked?
@_date: 2015-02-17 22:50:20
No, you can always find merchant clearing houses cheaper than Paypal. The price angle might work for people who need a solution installed *yesterday* and don't have the time to really shop out the alternatives, since Paypal is maybe cheaper than 80% of the obvious options, but it's by no means the best deal around. ;3
One definite advantage is ease of integration, though. For a *pretty* inexpensive rate, you do get rich automation support where for other clearing house systems you'll have to purchase compatible third party shopping card software, or roll your own using their archaic APIs.
But I *also* haven't really looked this over since the rise of Square and Apple Pay.
@_date: 2015-02-18 04:25:34
Which as of 0.10.0 we are not any more, are we? :J
@_date: 2015-02-17 00:39:29
It's true. The best option is zero payment gateways so that you don't have to do *any* work to react to all of that detestable revenue people keep trying to thoughtlessly force upon you.
@_date: 2015-02-22 09:36:26
I didn't like that they transition directly to the Betridge-unfriendly "Bitcoin is not just for criminals". That's a little bit too suspiciously specific, like if a stranger walks up and tells you "My cousin is totally not robbing your house right now". It creates an unneeded suspicion, even if the suspicion *is* false.
@_date: 2015-02-06 00:48:22


The Bitcoin protocol does not encrypt jack shit. All it does is sign things. Every node gets absolutely 100% read-only access to all transactions in the ledger. As I said, either banks have pretty good reasons not to give 100% of participants 100% transparency into every transaction on the ledger, or if they *were* okay with that then there exists no cost to do the same in Oracle.


I have. I get to use any god damned operating system that I want running on any god damned hardware that I want; though they strongly recommend Windows in order to leverage volume shadowing. That said, I've run replicated Oracle databases that handle a lot more traffic than the Bitcoin network presently does over a variety of hardware, most importantly both Vsphere and XenServer guest instances which in turn can literally be run on any kind of server hardware.
Oh yeah, and I'm *not* a bank so we're talking about five digits of licensing budget giving my clients full mesh replication, with no more network or logic planning on my part than throwing a bunch of bitcoind servers together would have took. Each office got their own read-only node offering perspective into the HA core, so that any malfeasance at one office only takes down their local instance. It was *boringly* easy.


Bitcoind was built by one dude and later refactored by three dudes with primary goals your use case throws in the trash bin. Oracle was developed by thousands of highly paid people to do *precisely* what you are asking for (high availability, *replicated* access to generalized data, financial data being one of the most popular templates) and has been tested on that count by *hundreds of thousands* of clients at far higher traffic than BitcoinD has yet to be tested.




No matter how many times I say "run your queries on the local Oracle node" why do you keep reverting to thinking that queries get run centrally? Oracle *replication* and write operations for the use case you are naming (basically pretending to be BitcoinD) are going to be *exactly* as constant as BitcoinD, because that is the nature of the data. Transaction posted, transaction replicated, rinse and repeat. The HA core handles literally no other work.
I think what you need to get your head around is that BitcoinD offers zero innovation in the area of trusted data replication. The only thing it offers is *trustless* replication. *Trustless*. Once you trust all nodes involved, PostgresSQL can do the same thing blindfolded and also costs zero to deploy. The only reason I keep harping Oracle on this front is my experience vetting it for similar purposes combined with Support Contracts.
That and Postgres Schema syntax always finds new ways to piss me off. ;P
@_date: 2015-02-05 00:03:57
Haha! Knowing things is for *nerds*! xD
@_date: 2015-02-06 00:18:21
Oh cute, lookit. He thinks that I have a position and that he's refuting it!
Butters just get so worked up over the darndest things, sometimes. x3
@_date: 2015-02-10 22:35:22
But a large number of non-mining nodes do nothing to enhance network security.
There should be enough nodes that they are easily accessible from everywhere, and that if some nodes go down plenty more remain up. But aside from that "more honest nodes" does little to protect you from a sybil attack since all you need to do is connect to *one* honest node to resist it.
Or more to the point.. what you *really* need is as thick of a mesh as possible between *existing* honest nodes to make Sybil difficult to mount (so that you cannot netsplit honest nodes..) however keep in mind that *more honest nodes makes thorough meshing more difficult by ON^2*.
@_date: 2015-02-25 00:45:53


I'm in favor of legalizing decisions that do not bear the risk of direct harm to people unrelated to the decision.
If you're going to criminalize Gambling just because people can become unhealthily addicted, will you next criminalize Food because people overeat?
It's precisely the same mechanism of addiction: this behavior brings me joy and allows me to temporarily forget my ambient suffering. But the trick to addiction is that the food, the bets, the chemicals, these are only MacGuffins and the true culprit is the victim's ambient misery.
Their life sucks, and/or their coping skills suck, and *that* has to be fixed or else whatever you make illegal they will merely replace with a different fix.
@_date: 2015-02-02 20:22:34


There exists no culture here. Does TCP have a culture or a climate? If so, would that turn out to be users of Facebook?
Do solar energy, GPS receivers or *arithmetic* have a culture or a climate?
You turn on a bitcoind node, you offer it at least mediocre access to the internet, and you are now participating in Bitcoin. Start a business, offer a service that leverages bitcoin via a webpage, even via Tor if you are concerned about censorship. *Absolutely nobody* can stop you and *absolutely nobody* has to give you permission or decide to let you in.
The people you hear talking on or bitcointalk.tld are a load of people who are interested in Bitcoin. The lot of us mean absolutely jack shit. bitcoin.org is owned by the Bitcoin Foundation, who pays a lot of the developers who choose to be active but otherwise *they* mean jack shit.
None of these groups of people must be interfaced with in order to use Bitcoin, none of them can stop you or hinder your profits, and a majority would be perfectly happy with any contributions by anybody regardless of gender, and those who aren't are trolls that won't let us ban, and gender is one tiny tool in their "make easy targets upset for fun" toolkits.
The only thing preventing women from being involved is their own bloody preferences, and that's beyond my power to change. They care or they don't, and as long as they don't it's outside of my bailiwick to do anything about those who honestly don't care.
@_date: 2015-02-05 00:07:25
"in time". Well, Life is a long time so, that would in fact be nice. Yes. :P
@_date: 2015-02-04 00:07:47
Um.. you're *kidding*, right?
You are tying the "$100mil" line item from your earlier post with "zomg somebody has to build a table to hold the data in, and one or more of the columns have to represent money"?
Listen carefully to this: what would happen if you simply lifted the data structure that BitcoinD uses to describe a transaction — maybe even ignoring the esoteric parts you'll never use in this context like script signing or m-of-n — and built a data table that matched columns with that? Would that cost some $100 mil nonsense that re-coding bitcoind to suit your needs would not?
Off the top of my head, the primary columns would be "from address list", "to address list", "amount transferred" and a timestamp. (You can pay me that $100mil through changetip, thank you..)
It would take all of an afternoon to *emulate* bitcoin this way, and gain whatever fanciful benefit you think that approach would have.
But keep in mind that there are literally an infinite number of free examples of database accounting schemas you can use that are a thousand times more appropriate than trying to borrow all of Bitcoin's grammar of "unspent outputs". Borrow the grammar used by high frequency trading platforms if anything, you know that will scale to as many tx/second as you'd like where BitcoinD has never been loaded that way in a global scenario yet.
But back to Oracle's (or any database's) benefits (along with more traditional schema grammar): want a transaction report? If you're a bank then I certainly hope you'd want that sometime, right? Show me how to do that with BitcoinD. It's not impossible, but few people have written that code before. Oracle OTOH was built for it. Want to reconcile your transactions with outside systems for regulation or tax purposes? Good luck earmarking those Bitcoin spends without a notes field, again Oracle and the proper schema was built for it from the start.
Bitcoin is as proper of a reference code base for *centrally* administered accounting systems as Delta Airline's in-flight snack service is for running a restaurant.
@_date: 2015-02-09 23:41:55
BRB while I go count the people who went bankrupt in the 2009 credit crisis and compare against how many people went bankrupt due to overinvestment into Pirate or Gox.
@_date: 2015-02-20 10:42:29
It wasn't $25 at the July 2014 exchange rate when this was filmed tho
@_date: 2015-02-11 00:37:02
The one you're describing was called Bitcoin Casino. They appear down these days though I don't see any news stories about their passing, which makea me sads. I'd love to know more about what happen. Did they go bankrupt? Exploit in game? Malfeasance?
@_date: 2015-02-18 22:21:22
The solution to that is to run 2, 3, or more geographically distributed fiber trenches to make it supremely difficult for accidents (and perhaps even coordinated sabotage!) to take them all down before you can repair and re-secure the broken ones. :B
@_date: 2015-02-18 04:45:05
Yeah, sorry I thought they had decided on some sort of supermajority algo already. :3
Still, step in the right direction.
@_date: 2015-02-11 00:33:49
Start by updating your java to at least 1.8. 
You might need to pay somebody to port the code over from the Minecraft PI project though, and I don't envy you trying to figure out how to express raytracing algorithms using only SHA-2 operations. xD
@_date: 2015-02-10 22:36:53
You have that backwards, transaction forwarding is what sucks down the most bandwidth, and more so once they've perfected "header only" block transfers. :J
@_date: 2015-02-17 00:34:24
Tryhard trolls under bridges are always hilarious because they appear to think that any people at all; including basement moochers, porn consumers or people with odd looking facial hair are somehow beneath them. 
So precious! xD
@_date: 2015-03-09 21:57:51
I don't understand.. you are claiming that all small and local businesses are muggers?
Or better yet, that major banks and telco's *are not*??
@_date: 2015-03-01 20:47:56


To be fair, the people *I* label as trolls do not offer any genuine ideas of their own, they just throw red herrings and try to stir up other people in order to laugh at them for caring or for taking anything at all seriously. :/
@_date: 2015-02-05 00:06:50


Sorry, just some spelling and grammar and stuff I hadda clean up. ;3
@_date: 2015-02-02 22:27:19


I'm sorry, that sounds like a job for *speculators*. Go prognosticate elsewhere and come back and talk facts either once cases have been settled, or at *least* when they've gotten as old as this one.
@_date: 2015-02-26 00:05:20
Because maintaining a worldwide network with hundreds of thousands of nodes supporting a service that operates twenty four hours a day, seven days a week, three hundred sixty five days a year for six years now including a self-financing notary security network that hashes 350 *million billion* ( 3.5x10^17 ) document headers *per second* would be patently impossible without the finest grade of enterprise software design.
For example, even the ludicrously well funded VISA network cannot offer this level of uptime: [2012]( [2013](
@_date: 2015-03-19 22:26:11
Right. So, prove that I own any and haven't already spent all of it (or even gambled it away!) that you were able to trace back to me since then.
Government can't even successfully ban physical items like drugs, what makes you think they can ban digital high score tokens recorded on a global, pseudonymous network? :P
@_date: 2015-02-12 22:44:54
Linux was started by Torvalds in 1991. If our growth were on pace with theirs, Bitcoin would still only be about as popular or well known as Linux was in 1996. 
But unlike Linux, Bitcoin asks to store monetary value for you. In '96 Linux was neat for serving up web pages and for Elsewhere Two talkers and MUD servers, but nobody was betting their friends their life savings that they could get through the next X years without a kernel panic, either.
Bitcoin adoption is going to be slower because it puts more at stake than any of the technologies you've listed.
Additionally, unlike Solaris-&gt;Linux or ipchains-&gt;iptables or even RCCS-&gt;CVS-&gt;Subversion-&gt;Git, Bitcoin is *absolutely nothing like* any of the technologies it purports to place.
It is irreversible with no central complaint desk like Cash, but you spend it online like Visa or Paypal. It's a whole different currency denomination that nobody is certain what will happen to the pricing for. It folds financial security down into the infosec mission primitive of keeping a 256-bit digital string a secret while still using it for computations from a hardened, potentially asynchronous locale. Since there exists no precedent for a platypus this shape, it's going to take an extra measure of time just to perfect best practices and realize ways that this unusually shaped tool can solve problems we haven't even considered yet. 
And on that front, it's slightly ahead of it's time given that it leans heavily upon the security of it's environment and most end-users, let alone corporations (target, home depot, sony, chase, etc) simply aren't yet prepared to offer strong security for it's habitat.
@_date: 2015-02-04 21:29:30


Not unless they collectively choose to be, no. But this is your rodeo of claiming that the project is broken because of a participation gap, and naming women as the gap.
My only point is whoever demands that the project be shallow before they get involved are a shallow demographic. If you're starring "women" in that role then *you* are calling women shallow.
If the core promise of the available core functionality is not enough to entice them to step in then neither will it be the focus of their contributions. If one actor offers a partial solution to the Byzantine General's problem and the people who swarm around that to expand it into a financial solutions platform are from demographic A while demographic B doesn't touch it with a ten foot pole, then *demographic B lacks interest or motivation to use a solution to the Byzantine General's problem to alter the world of Finance*.
God, let me put this another way. If one person digs a well that fills a large basin to the size of a lake (not just a well because physical access constraints do not exist in digital distribution), and a hundred people from demo A show up to drink that water, we get to use a word to describe this subset of demo A: "thirsty". If there also exists demo B of which no more than 1 or 2 walk the astounding 50 steps to get to the huge lake (again, physical geographic separation has no meaning to digital distribution so all living people live within comfortable walking distance from this new lake) and drink some water, then that label "thirsty" is ill fitting for demo B, and at no point is demo A or any of the hundred gathered at one small point on the large, accessible shore responsible for a different demo *lacking the requisite motivation* to be involved. 
After all Motivation stems from suffering and nobody is going to force suffering upon a charmed demographic, are they? Bitcoin wouldn't interest *anyone* if finance wasn't broken or bloated to begin with.


Right, and the lake-goers brought cups and some food to eat with the water they are drinking, and they're camped out at one or two locations along the shoreline. Somebody brought flavor packets for his drink, somebody else is in the middle of trying to rig up a shower.
Demo B can either join these fledgling communities and have their voices heard or cooperate with some of the projects going on, or if they can't stand how much of a sausage fest it is then they could just try following the example from afar and go to a different point on the lake and bring their *own* flavor packets and cooperate with some other folk from Demo B to build their *own* showering facilities. 
Or they can sit at home and throw rotten vegetables in the direction of the lake, hoping to hit some of the hippie-lake goers in passing, just because of how stupid the whole thing seems to them and *they're not even thirsty*.
I think it's fair that if something about demo A makes them thirstier, they should be the first people to solve a problem *only they seem to have to begin with*. How do you engage somebody to solve a problem they do not viscerally feel like they have? And why would you need to? 
@_date: 2015-02-13 05:22:34
I love how you feel like a house isn't either safe or insured enough location to keep something as simple as money in, but you still store your family in one.
Well, at least it's morbidly interesting to know where a butt picking troll's priorities lie. ;3
@_date: 2015-03-04 18:55:34
A Linear chart would show you how two points both near the bottom of the graph, that you can't tell apart, from early 2013 are where John invested $10k @ $10 and later sold for $50k @ $50 (500% increase). From late 2013 where Deborah bought in $10k at $1,000 and then sold $8k at $800 you see all of these wild swings, even though that is only a 20% drop.
On a log chart, 500% gains look exactly 25 times as broad as 20% losses, no matter how much the base value is. And for people worried about volatility or investment performance, that is the most important thing to measure.
@_date: 2015-02-07 04:05:33
What I have to assume is that you literally do not understand any of the terminology being used here, and that you may in fact lack the basic networking understanding to even know what we are discussing.


I never said that Oracle "needs" virtualization, but today I virtualize absolutely every server task that I touch (including my personal bitcoind node) just because a&gt; then I don't have to worry about hardware compatibility and b&gt; then I get superior backup and migration features over installing any software at all against bare metal. The only reason I brought it up is because you bitched about hardware compatibility, so I said *not only* is that not an issue when you install Oracle against bare metal.. but who even bothers to *do* that any more?


Mesh replication is the single goal you are trying to employ BitcoinD to do for you. Mesh replication is when you set up a large number of nodes and they replicate data to one another (eg, the mempool and the blockchain) so that they maintain an identical or near identical state as time passes. BitcoinD "Needs" mesh replication like a restaurant needs food: without it what would customers even purchase?
Exactly like BitcoinD, Both Oracle and Postgres support mesh replication out of the box. It is a central/failover model instead of a free-for-all decentral model, but that difference means nothing to a global enterprise. At least nothing *positive*.
* You install a lot of nodes, exactly like you do with BitcoinD.
* You point each node to peers, which BitcoinD does in the background, but since your banking system would have to use secure VPN tunneling to defend this traffic from public eavesdropping (which Oracle and Postgres *also* give you for free but BitcoinD does not because the Bitcoin network doesn't require it) then with BitcoinD you still have to manually (or automatically but out-of-band) pick your neighbors.
* You select one node as "master", and select a bunch of it's direct neighbors as failover backup masters: ideally with as much geographic dispersal as you can manage. All write requests get settled at the active master. This is nearly identical to choosing some BitcoinD nodes to do your mining. All write requests get settled by them, though there is not one specifically in control so you wind up with contests and orphans and forks much more frequently, *all of which would be highly, highly undesirable to the bank* since it encourages unnecessary netsplits and history re-writes.
No matter which software you install, the result is what we call "mesh replication" and stands in contrast to star replication or ring replication, which is the kind of nonsense you get out of MySQL.


Um... any bitcoind node that does not mine is a read-only node. *You* were the one who prescribed each client using a BitcoinD read-only node. So, I reflected how the same is a wise approach for database software, especially when you are too terrified to make requests of a neighbor and "get in trouble" for it somehow. *You* were also the one who accurately prognosticated that the banking system is not afraid of per-seat licensing, so why is this an imposition in the slightest? Just like with BitcoinD, throw more nodes at it and in this case it *really does* solve your concerns.


HA stands for High Availability. It is the *end result* of creating a mesh network as described above where there is more than one master node ready to take your write requests, so that if one fails another can still process the request with no downtime. Bitcoin miners *are an HA core*, albeit when you are blessed with central trust they are a ton less efficient one than any simple fail-over system that resists netsplits until somebody actually runs into hardware or connectivity trouble, in contrast to hitting netsplits every time you mine an inevitably common colliding block... made even more inevitably common the faster you ratchet block solution (I'm looking at you, Litecoin!)


*A Bank* would not pay me a penny less to set up BitcoinD for them, especially running highly customized source code to do all the extra shit you're making up for it, and fitting it inside of out-of-band VPN tunnels with out-of-band administrative access and out-of-band administrative GUIs so that managers can actually monitor or control this ad-hoc network of desktop apps to behave like a centrally controlled network, than they would pay me to install the same Oracle setup that every bank in the world already basically uses that comes with HIPA-compliant encrypted communication channels and cornflower-blue friendly cloud control user interfaces.
Of course the reason why is because I would be paid to install *and maintain* this shit, so every penny saved cutting corners is a penny out of my ass when something goes wrong. If some zany taxi service owner paid me to build him a fleet of taxis out of a snazzy hydrogen motor "that only needed the fiddly rest of the car built around it" not to mention a refueling paradigm.. (or even a fuel-containment paradigm!) then you'd *better believe* the whole project will cost magnitudes more than a straight-forward fleet of off-the-shelf vehicles that everybody already uses to solve this same problem. Even if the off-the-shelf fleet were all Ferraris!
@_date: 2015-02-02 20:43:10
Well obviously it's because male chauvinists never let them into the club. /s
You can state the fact "There aren't very many women around", and nobody will disagree. You can state the supposition "I think our community would be more interesting with more women / we might be able to solve more problems then / we'd have greater depth of perspective" etc, and some might disagree but most would ignore them and just silently nod instead.
But once the posts "*It's your fault* there are no women here" or "*It's your responsibility* to seduce them in" start, then yes you will get a ton of push-back. For example, I was under the impression that women have agency and that if they don't *choose* to learn about a risky, mathy, money technology then it is out of my hands to challenge their tastes.
@_date: 2015-02-11 23:22:21
Do you run into fakes on Pirate Bay very frequently? Sort by seeders. Peek at the comments. This isn't rocket surgery.
Do you run into fakes on a thoroughly peer-reviewed online marketplace like the Silk Road, regardless of what countries the substances are sourced from?
You sound like the kooks in the 80's warning trick-or-treaters about razor apples.
@_date: 2015-02-19 00:30:07
Everybody was petrified about this during the 50BTC-25BTC transition, but the actual handoff was reminiscent of Y2K.
@_date: 2015-02-02 20:28:00
Bitcoin doesn't *need* a marketing department because we don't profit off of giving people lung cancer.
Our solution is either better or it isn't. Shining lights on it from different directions does nothing to change that.
In 1995 when the Internet became commercial, it was also primarily used by men as were a majority of the sub-technologies like Usenet and web hosting. I don't recall the success of the internet hinging on any sort of "paint everything pink" campaign, so why would Bitcoin need that?
Women came once they realized it's where everything was happening. Same with Paypal, same with every technology of consequence. It's not my fault if they choose to be risk-averse and validation-driven.
@_date: 2015-02-25 23:53:38
I'unno. Why *can't* it be used to also fund core?
Makes a hell of a lot better sense than "The Bitcoin Foundation" ever did.
@_date: 2015-02-28 02:28:32
Individuals *can* learn, but you cannot teach every last human being who is otherwise a successful adult and contributing member of society how to author their own computer programs or to competently quality audit the code of other people, can you?
So, that leaves you with solutions similar to your last two: **relying on the skill and fidelity of other people**, which is the precise thing that gets downvoted for ridiculing other people doing.
@_date: 2015-02-03 22:28:54


Wow, I never realized that was either creating taxation rules that were unfair against women, or drawing lines on a map that corral women onto one side and then charging them unfair rates to get involved with Bitcoin, or using law enforcement authority to detain and frisk search anyone at all let alone 95% of women.
If what you really mean are that third party services built atop the blockchain such as coinbase, circle, etc might theoretically add sexism into the easiest onramps to use, then I'd be game to talk about that sort of thing, sure. But no, you've got to make it sound as though we are building giant alienation conspiracies.
You're welcome to try to communicate with Feminist organizations about the tech, but my read of the situation is that most of their positions are already firm on the matter. When I was mod here we had to repel at least a half a dozen brigades by SRS who loves adding "Bitcoin" to their strawman misogynist paraphernalia along with trenchcoats, fedoras, neckbeards, and game controllers.
It could be that adoption of tech like this is difficult for any segments of the culture who value fashion and peer-validation above function, but even if I could I would never sacrifice the latter to pander to the former.
@_date: 2015-02-25 23:31:32


No, you just replied to (EG, agreed with) a GP that said the opposite:


As soon as *they* centralize the ledger, they save money by switching from crypto-anything to the same database accounting model already used by banking networks: eg, nothing changes.
Besides which, as soon as the ledger *gets* centralized, then no matter how they account for things in their black box it is still a black box *controlled by one administrative entity*: they can rewrite the history if they choose, claw back funds, block transactions or freeze accounts just like they do today. When they are the only miner controlling a nil difficulty, they can even do that on a traditional blockchain (although they would be certifiably insane not to ditch the blockchain and go with a simple database once they are administratively centralized).
@_date: 2015-02-11 00:31:28


How am I forgetting what criminals do? I am telling you that relying on a single, centralized global third party to transmit money of any denomination electronically is a barrier to *legal* business.
* I first noticed Bitcoin when I wanted to *legally* donate money to the *legal* business entity Wikileaks, but the United States Government who felt embarrassed by their *journalism* anti-competitively coerced every global payment processing and settlement mechanism to embargo them.
Every one except Bitcoin of course, which cannot be coerced into such censorship.
* I live in Oregon so it's legal for me to waltz into a Marijuana distributor and buy weed. But not with a credit card since banks still blackball any trafficking of Marijuana or even "paraphernalia" like hookahs or vaporizors, and it's hard for them if I hand them cash they also cannot deposit in a bank so.. yeah, Bitcoin yo.
* There is nothing illegal about purchasing custom pornography videos from is there? But I would certainly call 40% risk premiums an "obstacle".
* [I this an obstacle](
* How about every time you swipe your credit card or send it online you expose yourself to identity theft if the merchant gets their database hacked 2 years later? (Like Target, Sony, Home Depot, Chase/JPMorgan and half a dozen other large names were in 2014 alone..)
* I could send money to you this very instant using Changetip, even though I do not know who you are or what your email address is. Does that make Changetip illegal just because it's beyond Paypal or VISA's capability to do the same?
Sure, electronic banking "works" for you if you live in the first world, are boring enough never to spend money on anything controversial or travel or buy things from other countries or send or receive remittance, have good enough credit that the banks let you use free checking, and if no misfortunes ever befall you such as chargebacks or bank errors or identity theft or leaks or fraud.
Must feel a lot like being white in the fifties for everything to always coincidentally go your way so smoothly. ;3
@_date: 2015-02-02 20:38:54
While curious, I still think that's a hard sell. How many of them get the dignity of unmonitored access to the internet? We're having a hard time getting even the men in societies beyond the first world to interface with this tech, and a lot of that has to do with volatility which is a separate issue.
Don't women have many lower-tech solutions like obtaining and hiding bank notes or precious metals/coins/jewelry which it would be hard for this solution to beat to cater to this particular need? Culturally, anything the woman tries to spend would simply be viewed as stealing from the husband, wouldn't it? So who would be left to accept the Bitcoin from her in exchange for local goods or services?
Don't get me wrong, this is a problem I'd love to see Bitcoin help to solve I'm just not grokking the mechanics of how it could even potentially work.
@_date: 2015-02-25 03:04:54


[Up here](
We cannot debate this issue in tweets. You are reacting to individual words and blinding yourself to the rest of the comment, and then blinding yourself to the comment thread to boot so that you can continually pretend you can't even remember what's being discussed.
You cannot seriously propose social moral imperatives and use pretending to have the attention span of an anchovy as your only defense. So either shape up your explanations and answer my questions lucidly or I'll give up trying to establish communication with you at all and just tag you as "nutter" along with the buttcoin trolls.
@_date: 2015-02-05 00:08:45
Yeah, that kind of bugged me too. I mean there have got to be dozens of communes like that who are pretty embarrassed by the comparison. :(
@_date: 2015-02-18 03:03:10
I'm sorry, what?
Which one are you claiming is a Bitcoin IOU, which one are you claiming is a raw Bitcoin, and in which step is one party claiming that the IOU is of a higher general value than the raw variant? õ_O
Casascius coins are basically offline wallets for actual, raw Bitcoin balances. They are not "IOU's".
@_date: 2015-02-11 23:38:54
Yeah, that something is our collective failure to work out a post-scarcity economy though.
So the powers that be, from big pharma to De Beers to American Telco just deal in *artificial* scarcity to pad their own pockets.
@_date: 2015-02-19 00:23:38
@_date: 2015-02-25 10:48:46
But that was not his argument, he never said a thing about intent: only results.
What he said twice was: no victim, no crime. 
@_date: 2015-02-25 00:38:20
Things that nobody ever said:
* That when "they fight you", they would always target your weakest point.
* That they even know where your weakest point is
* That you even have a weakest point to start with
This is merely an arc of interaction when inexorable philosophy blossoms to replace the incumbent. First Ignorance, then ridicule, followed by conflict, and concluding in sea change. The conflict not only *can* be poorly planned, but due to the nature of conflict the reason the incumbent system will fail is because *it cannot plan things well to start with*. If it could then it would endorse it's successor instead of railing against it.
@_date: 2015-02-17 22:29:48
He's, I'm sorry he's what now?
Please point to any specific location where OP is threatening a chargeback for any reason at all.


Since he has already stated that this supplier has his implicit trust, then choosing to reduce his costs by not paying for any form of escrow (be that Paypal mandatory escrow or a third party, voluntary Bitcoin escrow service) would mean that he has to trust the supplier would work things out or he'd be out the payment. 
@_date: 2015-02-26 12:12:58
Lol. You credit the success of the Bitcoin network to "people installing node software" and "people spending a lot of money to get ASICs"
But who wrote that node software, who fixes it when bugs are found, and [who designed]( those purpose-built application specific integrated circuits
? (*GASP!* Was it Aliens? D:)
Could you have just "installed a node" or "bought an ASIC" in 2008? 
All you are doing is talking about the ease with which an end-user can participate in the network, adding their own lego into a system which can accommodate — as far as we can tell — *an infinite number of arbitrarily placed lego bricks* and continue to grow stronger as a result instead of becoming unwieldy or requiring the slightest amount of central planning to arrange.
But here's a maxim for you: The easier a software is to install and use, and the easier a network is to participate in and grow for the end user, in general the *harder* the initial protocol and component designers must have worked to support that ease of deployment.
For example, I can install Ubuntu in 3 clicks. Does that indicate that the Linux Kernel staff and Canonical together are lazy layabouts who can't click a mouse more than three times? No, it indicates that *they automated every click I did not have to make* via their skill at planning.
@_date: 2015-02-17 01:44:37
Currency exchange is 1% or less in both USD and Yuan at some pretty well known and reputable exchanges. 1%+1% = 2% maximum &lt; 4.3%, so there's that. 
@_date: 2015-02-17 01:43:11
For the customer .. (wait for it ..) it protects them from having to disclose sensitive CC data to unknown, possibly sketchy merchants! (Just disclose them to sketchy paypal instead...)
And, you know, when you already have a Paypal balance then it's easier to respend that than it is to wait 3-4 business days for an ACH to complete.
For the merchant, you get to cash in on customers that demand to pay with Paypal.
So it's like an hella-expensive, older form of Bitcoin pegged to fiat. ;3
@_date: 2015-02-18 01:55:30
But then after you divide by the exchange rate you.. OH SHI----
@_date: 2015-02-23 06:51:09
Well I haven't looked at how Coinbase does their multisig, but if it's like greenaddress.it then you keep 2 keys, one for instantaneous use the other you put in a safe place in case the third party goes tits up. On par with a paper wallet except that you do not have to bring it out in any case except an emergency.
@_date: 2015-02-17 22:28:48
ZOMGoodness have I offended the fragile sensibilities of failed-speculator copraphiles yet again today? How embarrassing! *le faints*
@_date: 2015-02-05 00:11:58
I don't have a source on me which cites which counts were handled in this trial. Do you? I'm curious to see one, even beyond this debate.
EDIT: [this comment]( also suggests that "murder for hire" was never actually charged to him, just thrown around as a red herring to prejudice the media.
@_date: 2013-01-29 06:50:10
Making a lot of copies of it might not be bad then, but it might be solving the wrong problem. What if the card gets lost or damaged, or it's contacts corrode? I've experienced platter disks getting bad sectors, but I've only ever experienced cards completely going tits up.
Have you considered a [paper wallet]( for unbeatable integrity, instead? :J
@_date: 2013-04-08 09:26:53
.. in what way have they been obviously glitching? Can you back this up at all? I use them alla time and haven't noticed anything yet, if something is going on though I'd sure like to know. :P
@_date: 2013-01-24 07:41:39
F$%^ that, I think we'll see a scaramanga spread-monster appear on gox, who just sells to every buy order that gets posted over 0.01usd and buys them back from every sell order that strays below $1000.
For no reason other than making the gox ticker flutter up and down by 6 significant digits several hundred times per second and make onlookers think it's broken. xD
@_date: 2013-01-17 23:11:34


Sdice has no control over whether your transactions to them get included into a block. As to whether anyone else is seeing delays, you could ask them but were it me I would first check at blockchain.info and see what's happening to all other spends to that sdice address. If it's not returning payments, I'd guess you could see that in the transaction history, really.
What bet address did you use?
@_date: 2013-02-13 08:37:10


No, seriously though. If all it takes is the insight to understand that that represents a lower energy level, then contemporary volanteerism has been a hypothesis for upwards of 40 years now. What would stop any small organization from just heading to Somalia and slowly at first, but exponentially thereafter taking it over from the inside?
I posit that these suggestions presuppose a baseline of relative peace and prosperity from which to start, and I don't believe they would ever grow exothermic because they would never succeed at maintaining said foundation of peace under their own power without the contiual input and protection of the surrounding state that they villify.
Were this not the case it would be both natural and dominantly profitable for it's practicioners to exit the wealthy statist cultures entirely and seek populated chaos like Somalia or unpopulated regions like northern Canada, Alaska, Greenland to establish their politics on abandoned ground instead of bemoaning the deprogramming of citizens in an established (but presently prosperous) society.
Now, also understand that I am not elevating statism in it's current forms as "perfect" or even ultimately sustainable. I agree that state monopoly on violence inevitably corrupts into a feudal/mercantile arrangement, I only contend that volunteerism in it's current iteration lacks any killer feature to really give it an effective longevity of prosperity that contemporary statism lacks.
@_date: 2015-02-17 01:39:44
OP's point is that the fee is unnecessary because *OP* trusts the supplier and requires no payment to hedge bets against them. He would prefer to simply pay BTC and be done with it, no (noteworthy) fees involved. :3
@_date: 2013-02-14 05:14:34
Yeah, two of your inputs have yet to confirm. I think that's what's holding you up. D:
Good luck, sir!
@_date: 2013-05-20 02:31:22
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:
* No compilations of free Bitcoin sites.
On top of this, the link appears to be broken. So. You know, there's that too. :P
@_date: 2013-02-19 18:38:42
Well if I recall, the dollar was backed by gold *or* silver, and silver was never made illegal to own in the US. :B
@_date: 2013-08-18 01:10:54
You think the US Federal Government can't accomplish that? 
@_date: 2013-03-19 00:58:48
By my reading, "obtaining virtual currency to buy goods and services" is unaffected, but it says nothing I saw about "selling goods and services in kind for virtual currency". :&lt;
@_date: 2013-06-05 13:37:31
Well, first of all banks are capable of dealing in dollar IOUs and trading them in the same market as dollars strictly because banknotes cannot be transmitted electronically while IOUs can.
Since Bitcoins can be transmitted electronically in their naked and coutnerfeit-proof form, nobody will trade IOU's at the same table as naked bitcoins. They will prefer the monetary form that does not require relying on a bank's trustworthiness.
@_date: 2013-01-17 05:36:05
So, just to be clear.. the secret key for these donation addresses are generated server side?
@_date: 2013-04-26 12:45:31
No referral links in submissions. is about bitcoin-related news, not a place for people to spam affiliate links.
@_date: 2013-03-14 22:01:48
The difference is even more pronounced if you compare bitcoin against "green rectangles printed wili-nili by that satanist Bernanke!!!1!!1one", with quotes.  :B
@_date: 2013-08-15 20:58:36
Think about it this way. On gox, you are no longer trading "USD" for bitcoins, you are trading "GoxUSD" for bitcoins. GoxUSD is worth less than regular usd because most people can do nothing with it except for buy bitcoins. You can easily buy "GoxUSD" using USD by making a deposit (those methods still work pretty well), and there is some inertia of newbs who don't realize that other exchanges even exist. But buying USD back with GoxUSD is expensive. You can also easily trade Bitcoin for GoxUSD.
So, some people still put bitcoin on gox, sell that at a high rate to GoxUSD and then try to catch dips to buy back bitcoin at larger volumes than they started. To those people, the relatively high exchange rate isn't entirely meaningful because they're speculating in rising and falling rates on that market and ignoring the rates on other markets.
@_date: 2013-01-08 01:50:23
I see predation (by way of humans tricking a StorJ instance into leaking it's private keys) as an interesting phenomena which would also occur.
More likely than beneficial services spreading this way would be virus writers adapting this methodology to meet their own needs, as well.
I wonder how StorJ would deal with all of the Captcha's these service providers throw up, then? Would it lowball by mechanical turking that, too? :9
@_date: 2013-05-02 04:54:16
I would say "this", and also 
Does this torex place just let people make deals or does it hold the usd and btc balances for you and then execute trades like a proper, liquid exchange? Does it handle withdrawals as USD in the mail, too?
@_date: 2013-03-11 02:46:04
I'd be interested to see the stats both on "largest gap(s) between blocks, period" and "between blocks when you chuck out the empties as noise". :3
@_date: 2013-07-11 01:46:46
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* No compilations of free Bitcoin sites.
@_date: 2013-06-16 23:02:49
[PBKDF2]( is a standard for iterating a hash function to obscure a password or an encryption key. It is a form of [Key Stretching]( designed specifically to slow down brute force attempts by a linear factor.
For example, when you type in a password to gain legitimate access to a resource, it takes X rounds of the hash to decode which might eat a fraction of a second instead of being instant. This means little to a human authenticating infrequently using an accurate password. However this significantly hampers efforts to brute force a password, since each permutation check now takes fractions of a second instead of billionths of a second.
Any time you store hashed passwords or encrypted files that attackers may gain access to in order to brute force offline, key stretching is an important defense to help reduce their effectiveness (increase the cost of any potential attack)
@_date: 2013-01-08 01:17:53


You can't ensure all crimes are traceable without first ensuring all actions are traceable, because you cannot know which actions will be crimes or not until they begin to impinge upon another's rights.
That said, I'm not a huge fan of traceability as the backbone to criminal justice. Maybe you don't feel safe unless everyone's activity is cataloged in a centralized database somewhere that organizations lacking accountability administer, but I don't feel safe when that is the case.
@_date: 2013-04-26 01:47:09
I'm sorry, I have to remove this posting due to the following sidebar rule:


If you have an opinion about whether a certain general financial event is relevant to Bitcoin, I encourage you to talk about that in a blog post, cite your source(s) in that blog post and then offer that blog article here.
We want this space to be defined by what Bitcoin is and what it does. Links that don't talk about bitcoin will get upvoted for a thousand dissonant reasons, defeating our purpose.
Thank you for your understanding. :3
@_date: 2013-05-13 21:07:00
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:


Perhaps try @_date: 2013-04-08 04:37:19
Hey, I agree that US Savings Bonds expose you to less risk than Bitcoin does. Is that your razor? Anything that's not a US savings bond is a casino? Money under the mattress or gold in a safe deposit box, are those casinos too? Because none of the above are as incapable of losing value as a savings bond.
Thank you for recognizing that even bonds are not "guaranteed returns", though. They do rely on the solvency of the US government, as unlikely as that is to fail in the near term.
So what about the stocks that you mention? If I invest in Apple today, is that a gamble? What if I invested in them in 2000, before the Ipod came out? You never know if they were about to go through the roof or go underwater, so that sounds like a gamble.
Alright, so what if you knew the Ipod was about to come out? What if you understood it's specs, understood the underlying market need and you knew that the designers on the project had a solid history in ergonomic consumer electronics innovation? Would you still be forced to diversify into a hundred other losing stocks just to mitigate risk and avoid the salgat casino label to invest in Apple? I mean, groking the product is not the same as either knowing the future or eliminating 100% of risk after all.
Warren Buffett famously said “Diversification is Protection Against Ignorance”. If all you have to report on Bitcoin is that you don't understand how it works or why it's gained in value, then the problem lies with your ignorance, not with Bitcoin being "unknowable".
@_date: 2015-02-22 09:21:51
Right, except that a wallet full of papers or plastic cards *is* easier to secure than a wheelbarrow full of precious metals, and theft *has* gone down a lot since lowest common denominator end-users have stopped directly, physically trying to control or secure assets that are valuable to thieves.
I appreciate Bitcoin for allowing people who *do* understand infosec the *option* of going it alone instead of relying upon institutions, just as a car that end users are *capable* of maintaining themselves is superior to one that forces you to go to a mechanic. That said, a majority of people do not desire that responsibility any more than they desire to replace their transmissions by hand, so mechanics will still be broadly patronized.
@_date: 2015-02-01 00:55:58
Wut? I'unno, it's a subreddit. For people to make up technobabble in. And actually, most of them are reeeeeally, really bad at it, but it's still the appropriate sub. :&gt;
@_date: 2015-02-24 23:42:05
So you give them enough to salivate over — the end result and some pretty convincing evidence that you can see that end result to fruition — without going so far as to disclose your recipe or it's secret ingredients. ;3
@_date: 2013-04-09 00:09:31
I'm bad with math at negative numbers, so I can't even tell if I own bitcoins or not. Can you help, sir?
I bought some bitcoins for $2000usd in Feb, okay. so then I sold off Bitcoins for $2050usd in march. But I still have 50BTC left over somehow.
Does that mean I just bought bitcoin at -$1usd apiece somehow, or are they even mine at this point? (Buying negative should be the same as selling.. right?) If they sell for $184usd now ... how can I even calculate the interest? Is that negative, too?!?
Damnit, man! I have taxes to fill out at the end of the year and they won't let me put a minus sign in column B! Do you carry the infinity, or borrow from the zeroth place?
**TL;DR** bought bitcoin, couldn't even sell it off again properly, lost track of how many lear jets this buys now. T\^T
@_date: 2013-02-20 16:48:38
rcik2g is right. Many of the goldminers got bankrupt, many got rich, how many of the shovel sellers went bankrupt? :B
@_date: 2013-03-09 11:56:52
I don't see any mention of the humble bundle store in this video. (?)
@_date: 2013-09-07 00:17:45
I recommend [Bitcoinity.org Market graphs]( for non-speculative use, but I do not know what tests you've run to come to what conclusions you're talking about.
For speculative use, use the graph your exchange offers. Nothing else *can* be as up to date.
@_date: 2013-03-06 13:59:12
Well, let's consider this for a moment. How does one "invent" gold? If somebody could invent something that would grow incredibly useful or popular, would it be unfair for them to benefit from said invention?
Apple invents the iPod, iPhone, iPad. Is it somehow evil that they should profit from everyone purchasing those items directly from them? I mean Apple's not selling pet rocks here, these are real assets that perform sufficient service to their new owners to pay for themselves. Sometimes many times over.
Does the person you're discussing this with think Bitcoin is nothing but a rare item, like gold is rare, and that holding it or trading it can offer no value save trying to sell it at a higher unit price? If so they've a lot to learn about gold, Bitcoin not even withstanding. ;P
Gold is a significantly mature, and therefore static store of wealth. Holding that instead of US dollars shields you from inflation. It's more value dense than wool (you'd need a pickup truck to store as much value in wool as one ounce of gold), it's more fungible (only comes in basically one "quality") and durable (can't get ruined) than most commodities and it has an aesthetic attractiveness, a mythic history and significant mindshare. Rhodium might be worth more per ounce but good luck convincing somebody of that who isn't already a metals expert; everyone knows that gold is highly valuable.
Speculators play the gold market trying to profit from every rise and every dip, but gold is valuable even discounting all ephemeral value fluctuation because of the reasons stated above.
Bitcoin is the first digital commodity. Period. Prior to Bitcoin it has been impossible to own a unique, digital good of any kind whose ownership can be transferred instantly across the globe and cannot be copied, without having to rely on a corruptible central issuing authority continually assuring it's value from one nanosecond to the next for all eternity. For free, Satoshi baked into this first digital commodity something impressive: both counterfeiting and censorship resistance powerful enough to potentially stymie attackers as powerful as the United States Federal Government.
This should mean something to you when you consider that a huge chunk of North Korea's revenue comes from [successfully counterfeiting US bank notes]( Once you reach 6 confirmations, Bitcoin is more expensive to counterfeit (expressed as a ratio of the expense to publicly authenticate) than any  non-electronic asset, commodity or document which has ever existed: [including Gold](
It is also the first commodity in the history of the world which can be secretly and anonymously traded between two parties with no  knowledge of one another's identities aside from a reliable channel of communication, and with no identifying knowledge of any third parties whatsoever, between any two points on the globe.
That isn't important simply because you want to blindly transact on a frequent basis, it's important because *any kind* of transaction you want to build now need only meet those astoundingly slim fundamental requirements in order to become viable. You don't have to rely on third parties *if you don't want to* to facilitate a transaction, but you're still allowed to and now you can choose them on their merits instead of their oligopoly. You don't have to know the identity of the person you're transacting with for the currency's sake, so you can choose to for your own sake. Get their address and phone number if you wish for example, and leave their SSN out of it if you choose: the currency does not force you to become vulnerable to identity theft. This is the freedom which makes new *kinds* of transactions possible, such as the [Reddit tip bot](Anybody can try to make something popular, and then profit on people purchasing this rare, popular kitch from them.. but there does have to be some kind of hook to make it popular first, and then we can only fault them for being greedy if that hook is not really worth the potential profit they might see. 
Bitcoin's hook is making no fewer than 6 impossible things ordinary before breakfast, and if that can't merit you getting rich then what can?
@_date: 2013-11-14 22:15:49
One fun thing I love about bitcoin. The concept "run the calculations by hand" may be astronomically difficult but it is not mathematically impossible. As a corollary, what it means you really can code your own miner / wallet / whatever from scratch and play ball.
The wilds of the internet will pwn you if your security is less than flawless but there exists no trade organizations which can veto your participation. &lt;3
@_date: 2013-03-18 15:49:00
No, bitcoin *is* cash, it's just not cash that is accepted everywhere yet. As a result, you have to convert it to different cash for a lot of people to accept it.
US Dollars don't stop being cash just because you take them to rural france where nobody accepts it.
And unlike with Paypal, even if you do have to invoke a third party to convert Bitcoin to another currency you are *not* stuck with one specific third party to do so who can then screw you over. There are dozens of exchanges to choose from, dozens more if you look for a local  money changer.
It's not important to get pedestrians to rely on Bitcoin for their every transaction today, just to educate them well enough they know what the thing is, so that they'll be better positioned to take advantage of whatever killer apps hit the marketplace tomorrow. Maybe get them to invest some beer money and watch it grow as the unit price increases. Settle personal debts in BTC, and see how much simpler that is to accomplish than even Paypal.
Finally, if you are helping your friend then you are a fine buy/sell BTC option for them. :P
@_date: 2013-02-19 01:02:10
Given Bitcoin's proximity to $24usd/btc that distinction is pretty marginal right nao. x3
@_date: 2013-03-14 21:35:04
Nah, those critiques always come in the form of "what if the US government bans it". Basically meaning that if people have to break a nail to interact with it in the US in particular, then the system will fall apart.
@_date: 2013-01-24 01:35:32
Blast! I'm glad overtmind mentioned Bitcopia then, I'll add them to my list of noteworthy exchanges. :3
@_date: 2013-03-21 19:27:31
Definition fail, then? :3
Grammar is more about the structure of a sentence and less about confusing homophones.
How about "My [malaprops]( are bad, and I should feel .. silly?" ;3
@_date: 2013-02-25 10:44:28
I'd add a similar formula, such as:
* Min size limited to: ( previous_block_size / 1.1 )
as well as a hard minimum and maximum limit for sanity. 
Neither do we want "grow" size attacks nor do we want "shrink" ones, after all. ;3
EDIT: I just thought though, I wonder what incentive miner X has to grow a block for the next miner, who is statistically very likely to be a competitor?
@_date: 2013-06-14 20:43:09
More miners do not mean more bitcoins on the network (in any significant sense).
Every 2160 blocks, the network automatically adjusts the difficulty so that the blocks continue to come at an average of one every 10 minutes. Every block represents exactly 25 newly minted bitcoins, so so long as this average is maintained that is exactly 3600 bitcoins per day: no matter how many or how few miners there are or how powerful or how weak the global hashing rate is.
Now there is a very, very minor (pun) skew to this measurement: the *acceleration* of hash rate means that for up to 2160 blocks since the last adjustment, blocks may come just a touch faster than one every 10 minutes, before the next adjustment comes to fix things.
Thus, more miners does mean a *very very slight* increase in the minting process, but only because of that acceleration effect and only to the tune of maybe a 10% bump in inflation rate during short periods just before the difficulty change.
@_date: 2013-01-20 09:23:19
Rig+solar would certainly be a lot of fun to try. :B
@_date: 2013-04-27 10:45:07
Yep, if you check the mod list we have our own bot that we train to try to recognize the spam as it evolves. Today we've gotten on average one new spam comment of this sort every 4 minutes, pretty evenly spaced too. They generate new reddit accounts for each post with garbage names. They spam not just our sub, but every other bitcoin and cryptography related sub at minimum: bitmarket, tor, onions, bitcoinmining, etc etc and then they crosslink so that the payload urls are in the badly weeded subs (today that's onions and tor :/ ) and the high volume spam we get just links back to those articles (masking the true payload destination from our filtering attempts..)
Incidentally, as of this writing you've had 2 examples of this spam in reply to your post, and rbitcoin-bot did nab them both. Eventually. :J
@_date: 2013-03-11 11:05:22
I dunno. Would GPU miners lead to sell pressure or buy pressure?
@_date: 2013-02-25 23:10:00
I'd also recommend looking into any companies that already streamline the "shipping storage media" process, especially if you note any serious volume of interest. :J
@_date: 2013-04-30 20:48:44
What happens when you try ping coinbase.com in a dos window?
or: nslookup coinbase.com 
you might have snarfed up DNS or something.
@_date: 2013-03-03 03:28:35
Quite possibly. Worth checking back on it then, then. :D
All you're doing is making sure unused allocations of hardware and electricity don't go to waste. Bitcoin Bookkeeping is a fine way to squeeze utility out of resources such as that, even in obscure parts of the world so long as you've got moderate internet bandwidth available to ya. :3
One thing I've been curious about but never close enough to the ground on, is the idea of running a mining rig on the spare juice in a solar array. By which, I mean if you have a building off-grid and a solar panel and a bank of batteries, then there will be some times of the day when the batteries are fully charged and the building is still drawing less power from the panel than the panel is outputting. That is inevitable when the batteries are *ever* allowed to reach a full charge.
In that circumstance, having a mining rig configured to draw only that extra power would be like an overfill battery that converts otherwise wasted solar energy into heat and Bitcoins. It would switch on when your batteries are full. Since you would have no electricity expense you would gain profit even if it were only CPU mining; but of course GPU/FPGA/ASIC would do nothing but serve to multiply that profit exponentially. :P
@_date: 2013-02-28 00:31:11
Well, Wikileaks *does* accept Bitcoin, so that's always nice. :B
For one off donations to _insert_random_charity_here, my best advise would be to use an open exchange market with escrow like Bitmit, bitcoinary or silk road to find somebody willing to front the donation, you put your coins in escrow, they perform the donation and forward you proof of receipt (and that's the other hard part .. how can you really, *really* be certain third party isn't just pocketing your donation? Perhaps offering you a fabricated receipt?) and once you're satisfied by receipt you release coins.
On a broader spectrum to handle a steady volume of donation demand to well known targets, I imagine that could be an interesting business model for anyone who can resolve the obvious challenges. :3  I know that Bitmit did precisely that when Wikipedia made news by explicitly refusing Bitcoin donations.
@_date: 2013-04-17 05:32:43
Alright, but doesn't Bitfloor have an API so you can level scripts at? 1&gt; fast enough never to accidentally collide your quote, also fast enough to chase the advancing price so that the first direction reversal buys into your quote.
@_date: 2013-11-15 19:41:29
That's a big step away from:


Arguing to do it in a way that minimizes damage ≠ not arguing to do it.
@_date: 2013-02-09 00:44:07
That is some good data right there, adding to my notes.
Thanks! :3
@_date: 2013-02-13 04:43:47
yeah. Tumble at blockchain.info before spending at the pizza coin place. Then two different third parties have to be subpeona'd just to link your address with where your coins actually came from, and *then* only if your previous bitcoin history was particularly illuminating. :P
@_date: 2013-02-13 08:00:44
But this feeds back into my original point: that the application of crime robs wealth from it's victims in turn robbing thier capacity to pay to have it stopped. I don't believe that ill-gotten gains are scarce, because as PT Barnum famously put it: "There is a sucker born every minute", so you never have to take pains to fleece the same sucker twice.
By applying justice in a manner which is at least prescribed to be even across classes and across broad geographic regions, statist societies help to protect temporarily impoverished citizens and communities from being circumstantially financially exploited by the short-term interests of their well funded neighbors to the demonstrable detriment of them all combined. 
In addition to this consideration, what planning is required to form a voluntarist society out of chaos? What kind of jump start would such an experiment need in order to become exothermic? If it's really a lower energy state or a more efficient allocation of resources for every individual to act to their own best interest, then why would not this system of self-government naturally assert itself as a stable nash equilibrium in lawless regions like somalia? Why do violence and suffering reign in areas devoid of the tyrrany of the majority?
@_date: 2013-04-21 02:50:12
Do not use URL shortening services: always submit the real link.
@_date: 2013-03-07 13:07:26
Bubbles that survive market manipulation ..
aren't. :P
@_date: 2013-02-21 22:29:01
Not a bad start, but limited selection (esp for foods) and 0.321 BTC ($9.60usd) 4-11 day s/h for a single test item was too big a hill for me for the time being. I guess I'll have to wait for the volume and selection to go up and the prices to go down to have another look.
But keep it up sir, and may the coin be with ye. :3
@_date: 2013-02-19 16:18:09
So those daily difficulty steps .... do you have those keyed at "every 2 weeks" or at "every 2016 blocks"?
Those charts look like "every two weeks" to me, but the more blocks per day get processed the shorter the enclosing interval ought to become. :O
@_date: 2013-03-11 02:50:22
I doubt female uptake would be *required* for Bitcoin's market success, but it would certainly be welcome. *shrugs*
@_date: 2013-06-11 19:49:30
This is certainly what some Bitcoiners actually believe. Personally, I am on the fence about the assertion and continue to explore the relative philosophical implications. 
I am, however, fairly disappointed in your choice to generalize all people who support a certain financial or technological ecosystem. That sounds rather crude and myopic to me.
@_date: 2013-05-07 21:52:59
Hello, please observe our community rules from the sidebar:


Thank you. :3
@_date: 2013-07-22 23:50:04
Roger that. Bitcoin is a bit of a holistic concept so it can be hard to grok without getting used to seeing things from a few different angles at the same time. :3
A&gt; Same reason it falls on the merchant to accept credit cards or paypal instead of forcing all the customers to visit them and offer cash. All of the below-points aside (chargeback fraud, high fees, customer has to have a bank, etc when customer cashes out then tries traditional methods) it's a balance between how badly the customer wants your product and how many hoops they'll jump through to convert their hard earned bitcoin into something the merchant will accept, and then if your competitor accepts bitcoin they'll draw those customers. OTOH, it's totally up to the merchant if there's enough business waiting for them at the other end of any given payment processor.
But seriously: as a customer, if I cash out via coinbase I wait 5-6 days for the ACH to hit my bank, I pay the 1% there and merchant pays another 3-5% and risks chargeback. All of those expenses are built into the cost they charge me, one way or another since they have to be covered somehow. Merchant in turn batches their credit card captures weekly to reduce [batch fees]( (unless they are a very, very big merchant who can afford daily batches) so I wait a week just to order the product and then merchant waits a week to actually have my money in exchange for the product.
Alternately: I have bitcoin (if I don't, I can buy on Coinbase and it is instant now..), instantly pay that to merchant via Bitpay, lower fees and risk, Bitpay initiates ACH to merchant next morning and merchant sees balance in bank 2-3 days later. My hand to merchant's bank account, 3 days instead of 2 weeks. My hand to product shipped, instant.
B&gt; Here's a link from a quick google on [chargeback fraud]( Basically the card issuer bills everyone fees to combat merchant fraud, including the merchant, but then unambiguously leaves the merchant holding the bag in every instance of buyer fraud. 
How do you perpetrate buyer fraud? Steal other people's credit card info. Use your own card, then report it stolen. Say you didn't get the product in some manner that's hard for a merchant not to dispute with documentation.
Buyer fraud is rife in Credit Card space because the technology is 40 years old, and it never improves because Credit Card companies enjoy an oligopoly and the merchants carry all the weight. Every time you make a CC transaction, you are giving the potentially sketchy merchant or employee literally every piece of data they require to impersonate you. With Bitcoin, that would require your private key(s) and you never ever ever disclose those. So payment replay of any form is completely impossible.
D&gt; That's a fair question. But I'll counter with "are there numbers on what it costs to accept Bitcoin payments"? Bitpay is free to sign up for. Modules exist to integrate it into major ecommerce platforms like magento and you can just embed an html snippet in simpler cases. It's exactly as easy to launch as Paypal support is. So it's probably easier to try it and measure how much money comes through the spigot, generating your own numbers than it is to try to extrapolate from what other people have seen.
EDIT: clarified language in a few points
@_date: 2013-06-06 22:53:32
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
This sub is meant to be a discussion area for things pertaining to bitcoin, not a soapbox or jumping off point for contrasting initiatives.
@_date: 2013-06-29 00:06:35
Info: 
Please ask clarifying questions if there's anything there that doesn't click for you. Good luck.
@_date: 2013-04-07 20:59:36
[Trusted Computing](
@_date: 2013-05-08 21:23:48
Yis, I was amplifying your complaint. ;3
@_date: 2013-01-27 07:32:17
Article means "the fees credit card processors charge them, merchants will be able to charge directly to the customers who chose to use them, so that customers who use cash or check can get marginally lower prices in comparison". :3
@_date: 2013-08-02 22:23:07
Most merchants are accustomed to obtaining a turnkey, idiotproof physical POS terminal from their merchant service provider. Even if that represents a one time fixed cost, (and even if it's accompanied by a monthly maintenance cost which I would be surprised if this would need to be) that will appeal to most merchants more than hacking something together by hand will.
Furthermore, if hacking something together is as easy as you describe it doesn't make sense why people haven't already entered that middle space. The Bitcoin ATM drums up endless amounts of interest, why would not "the Bitcoin POS terminal"? Why isn't Coinbase and Bitpay already marketing that?
(To clarify, all of these "why"'s are probative in nature: I assume there has to be an obstacle or the mountain would have already been climbed. :J )
@_date: 2013-01-07 05:31:13
I don't know what an "uptweet" is, but link is an article that appears pretty decent, describing a guitar merchant called [StompRomp]( and their challenges selling unique, high value items with credit cards. They pay the processor fees, and they get no protection from consumer fraud for their troubles. They try to compensate by running their own damned investigations per client.
So now they also accept Bitcoin and it's all pretty swell. :3
I was curious if they offered any kind of modest discount for bitcoin then, Bitpay being cheaper than Visa and not spending an hour of their time authorizing the order and all. Article didn't say anything so I tried a quick test order. But apparently the prices match vis a vis the Mt Gox spot price on the nose; so no discount for Bitcoin.
Still fairly cool; though I think a bitcoin discount would be the cherry on top. :D
@_date: 2013-01-08 07:18:52
Investing in hardware less than ASIC right now is on par with investing in a VCR to watch the summer 2013 blockbusters coming out. It just will not get you there.
On the other hand, ASICs are not out yet. 2 or 3 companies are promising to ship them soon to people who have been pre-ordering for up to 6 months, but none have yet delivered. We're not even entirely sure how serious they are or whether any or all of them will turn out to be scamming people, BUT ASIC itself is such a highly anticipated technology right now that we can't even find out before someone on some corner of the planet suddenly announces that they are shipping theirs, so the fates of GPU and FPGA are still sealed. :P
Basically, it is the worst possible time to try to convert money into mining gear, right now. ;3
@_date: 2013-01-09 06:42:44
Bitmit and SilkRoad also use Escrow.
The core Bitcoin protocol supports a sexy new Escrow system called 2-of-3 transactions that none of the clients have a gui to support yet, but once fully ripened will allow buyers to send their funds to a special address that 3 parties control (buyer, seller, and escrow agent) but any 2 out of the 3 parties can collaborate to spend out of. So when Buyer and Seller get along, funds flow normally but when there is a dispute the Escrow agent can step in to cast the tie-breaking vote, but no one party can simply abscond with the funds.. not even the Escrow agent.
Consumer protections provided by Paypal et al are certainly convenient, but most Bitcoiners chafe at them for the following reasons:
* You have to trust the Bank/Payment processor, that they will not simply freeze or appropriate your funds (Kim Dotcom) or blackball you (Wikileaks, prq) or interfere with your transactions because of an incompatible set of values.
* It costs these agencies money to recoup losses to themselves and to other customers due to fraud, and those costs translate to steep [fees]( which everyone must bear.
* As soft money, any balance you hold with them is subject to chargeback, even months after a transaction has already settled. With Paypal and Credit Cards, Merchants often find that they pay in fees to protect customers from fraud, but get no protection themselves, being immediately shafted whenever a buyer commits chargeback fraud.
Responsible use of Bitcoin along with mature escrow systems resolve all of these concerns, by moving the risk profile of protecting and securing your wealth directly to the user, or alternately allowing users to control how much responsibility they wish to exchange for lessened fees, protecting merchants from [indefinite chargeback windows]( and allowing any pair of individuals to volunteer to transact money regardless of the wishes of institutional intermediaries. :3
@_date: 2013-05-28 08:18:16


Not without a trust relationship, no.


By and large. Another option, assuming folks prep for the trade before coming to your stall, is Localbitcoins' sms release feature.
That SMS release feature is an example of a trust relationship. Both of you are trusting LBC to hold the coins on your behalf and to transfer those over an SMS command.
Another trust relationship is if customer simply knows you are well reputed, or vice versa. If you are the well reputed one then they can pay a deposit from their computer before arriving, and know that you will faithfully render their change by the time they get home. If they are the well reputed one, you can give them their money or goods and trust that they'll pay you when they get to a computer. Or, that could allow them to print paper wallets in small denominations and give those to you as cash, and you trust them not to be giving you false documents.
The zero trust payment model, on the other hand relies on a global network of number crunchers both to submit the payment to and to notarize the authenticity of said payment.
@_date: 2013-01-16 01:14:06


Well, I don't feel it's that so much as "you have to swallow it all to have 100% confidence in it all with zero reliance on the perspectives of others". If people needed a PHD just to use a currency, it wouldn't be very valuable. Instead people ought to be allowed to black box the aspects of a currency which don't matter to them.
For example: if you set your lay-friend up with a [BCI wallet]( and you teach them successfully to be careful with their password and to never view their wallet from a PC that's got malware, and you teach them what an address and QR code look like and how to use those and they earn Bitcoin as a wage for something they do, then they are perfectly prepared to use bitcoin in their everyday life.
But.. this relies on the security of BCI wallets, on you being a good resource in case they get stuck down the road, on steady bitcoin income for them so they don't have to limbo through exchanges, etc. If they ever feel a lack of faith on any of these points, you'll either have a lot to teach or a lot to warranty.
It's a lot like an automobile. It doesn't take a rocket surgeon to own, drive, or shallowly maintain one of these tanks but as soon as things begin to malfunction then you've got to trust that somebody can look under the bonnet and work out all that elegant, complex, nuanced machinery to get 'er running again. :J
@_date: 2013-04-08 21:39:50
If your hand is bigger then your face, it means you have cancer. :J
@_date: 2015-02-17 01:11:44


Alright, then why do banks bother with security at all? Why not allow the thieves in with trucks to take as much money as they like, if that never affects anybody?
You'll just print more when consumers want to withdraw, anyway. So why the expense on security over an asset that purportedly requires none?
@_date: 2013-08-14 01:10:01
Thank you for locating, I'm removing for plagiarism. :3
@_date: 2013-10-25 05:17:37
Right, and gold has almost no digital uses as a physical currency. You cannot transmit it instantly across the globe, or [conveniently authenticate]( that it is not counterfeit, it's expensive to transport and to store and impractical to divide very small..
.. different commodity moneys just have differing advantages is all. :3
@_date: 2013-01-09 05:45:23
Yahoo: Click gear icon, Mail Options, Turn on SSL. Voila. :D
@_date: 2013-03-18 15:17:33
That's nothing. Erik Voorhees once roundhouse kicked a nonce into the block header so hard it generated two different blocks at once. When they fought to the death, an entire alternate history of the blockchain blinked out of existence in an instant, but Erik still earned both block subsidies. 8I
@_date: 2013-01-23 05:15:21
Whereja get the figure "140oz gold"? That's a lot of gold son, just shy of a quarter of a million USD at today's rate.
@_date: 2013-02-02 00:07:23
I'm not saying that nobody should cancel an order due to fraud risk management concerns, but at least one of the three people reporting about this in the sub have offered to recoup the fiat from the original order that coinbase declined through an alternate method which carries zero risk; a wire transfer. They are interested in getting the coins they initially tied up their funds with coinbase for a week to lock in, and are willing to take a $15+ usd hit just to claim those gains. They both say that coinbase refuses to reply to this request *at all*, and there is [at least one post]( right here in this thread where they've replied directly to a user claiming to be a coinbase employee with a repeat of this offer, and no reply to that either.
Merchants having a policy to protect themselves from customer fraud is important, of course. *Equally important* is that merchants have a policy that clearly protects customers from merchant fraud, or from the matching conflict of interest.
@_date: 2013-01-09 05:43:20


Today, I post how accepting Bitcoin can help sites getting the run around from Paypal. Nothing but reply comments about how Bitcoin is yucky, or difficult, or risky, or insignificant.
Tomorrow I'll be the only one among them capable of downloading DVDrips.
In the meantime Kiddos, just remember that [TVTorrents]( accepts Bitcoin for their memberships already.
Have fun, kids! xD
@_date: 2013-02-07 22:35:25
Yip, I used to bandy that image about quite a lot myself. Very awe inspiring! :D  Unfortunately, it's infinitesimally misleading given that we're working against RIPEMD-160 hashes instead of the 256 bit private keys. It would still require perfect thermal efficiency as described times more power than the sum total humanity has presently available per annum multiplied by billions of years, but begging off 2^160 simply requires different poetic licence compared to begging off 2^256. ;3
@_date: 2013-01-04 21:49:51
Best 'spaination so far IMO, here you go. :3
+tip 0.05btc
@_date: 2013-07-10 09:35:15
Err.. does it say this anywhere on their website?
I'm not seeing the word "bitcoin" coming up anywhere....
@_date: 2013-03-11 02:42:58
I'unno. You convert your bitcoins to dollars to pay the taxes in, just in time to get them paid (not to early or you'd miss out on more relative gains). Having to pay taxes in fiat doesn't mean you need to maintain a fiat balance. :3
@_date: 2013-02-10 07:33:56
[because meme](
@_date: 2013-05-05 23:29:33


No, it sounds like the plan is to earn enough money to buy their way into preventing the government from shutting down their operation; without direct regard to who else the government may still be hindering from business.
It's like if there's a fence around an artifact important to the resistance, do you poke a hole in the fence big enough for you to get through and then fence-be-damned to accomplish your mission, or do you undergo a huge offensive to destroy all parts of the fence so that no people are barred access, thus sacrificing your access to the regime-changing artifact? :P
@_date: 2013-02-15 01:09:28
I had the same problem, and on a lark tried to sell the coins even though the coin deposit was pending, sale went through fine. *shrugs*?
@_date: 2013-06-22 22:10:47
I'm sorry, Bitvegas is already [heavily advertised enough]( in the sub. 
When announcing a new service or vendor or opportunity to earn bitcoins, it's always a good idea to use the reddit search on that service name to make sure people haven't already submitted it.
Thank you for your understanding. :3
@_date: 2013-01-18 05:11:12
Yep, just like dealing in cash or any other foreign currency.
Now can a person get away with evading taxes related to their Bitcoin use? I imagine so. But that is a consideration I would recommend approaching the same way one would approach any form of tax evasion: If you do not know enough about the currency and your transactions in it to guarantee that the IRS doesn't get served up your name in somebody else's returns, then don't risk it.
For example: if you exchange bitcoin to ACH or Paypal or international bank wire or submit AML documents to MtGox or Exchange Q, and move at least X amount of money that way, the IRS will know because those other parties will tell them. So if you don't claim it you will get caught. :P
@_date: 2013-04-13 09:59:10


While it might be hard to drag the Silk Road into court in irons for not abiding by this edict, [Roger Ver]( and [Evan Schultz]( are known entities. Maybe they just didn't get the memo?


When [Wordpress began accepting bitcoin]( for their hosted services, I feel like they captured Bitcoin's intrinsic use value quite nicely:






Add to this a payment platform that does not [fundamentally endanger your public credentials]( with every transaction. A digitally transmittable store of value that you can choose to defend via information security instead of either physical security or reliance on third parties with conflicts of interest. An open payment platform that does not require [developers](or [merchants]( to sign onto a draconian banking cartel in order to develop innovative or niche solutions to sending or accepting payments. It has the properties of cash and PM at a fraction of the costs to transport or to secure.
Decentralized, autonomous, digital currency. This weeks fashion trend is not having to yield your wealth to third parties as a precondition to voluntarily transact over the internet. :P
@_date: 2013-03-12 20:34:36




Then bring them in here, please. [citation needed]
@_date: 2013-03-03 23:25:37
It's tough, because not everybody wants to take responsibility over their own finances. Freedom is scary, it means that there exist negative consequences to mistakes that nobody else is tasked with shielding you from.
It's like driving a car instead of having your parents take you places. You get to decide when/where you want to go instead of waiting for them, but you could also crash based solely on your personal driving competency.
You've simply got to decide if the risk is worth the freedom. So long as you can't make use of that freedom, there's nothing wrong with putting off the risk for another day. But eventually both their understanding and the market's infrastructure will mature until they're more compatible. :3
@_date: 2013-05-28 02:08:12
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:
* News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news.
@_date: 2013-03-11 00:06:04
/me shrugs. I watch the MtGox price as a proxy for what I can get out of a bitcoin from a stranger if my holdings go through a firesale. I price them higher in my own dealings (which is why I don't do a lot of shopping unless they can cut deals against the MtGox price) because I'm long on Bitcoin.
But I don't have an account directly with Gox, they're just too much trouble to deal with and I'm not sure that's going to get any better with Coinlab or not.
What we really need is for the bigger players (Coinbase, Tangible, Bitinstant, Bitcoinstore, Bitpay, etc) to work out their own trade agreements to skip Gox in all instances where it matters. Then they would have the fluidity to realize higher exchange rates than gox and offer those to their respective customers. Just an idea off the top of my head. :3
@_date: 2013-04-04 19:51:00
It says.....!!!
1,006. (?)
@_date: 2013-02-04 08:44:43
"damaged goods" in this case refering to pre-owned GPU's which have operated at 100% utilization and maximum thermal stress 24/7 potentially for a year or more straight.
2011-2012 GPU mining is the new furmark. xD
@_date: 2013-03-27 02:20:29
@_date: 2013-03-16 17:11:57
I think ancappers beg the question when they say "monopolies can't happen without state intervention", and then go on to define state as a form of a monopoly. They're basically just admitting that monopoly is an incurable infection that relative market freedom cannot directly halt.
@_date: 2013-02-28 21:49:19
Alright, I take my grasp of the fundamentals and risk that we're not about to see any external confidence shockers and predict that 1 BTC will be evaluated as no less than $45usd 45 days from today (Apr 14). I'd happily wager a maximum of $45usd total against whoever would take that bet (no more just cuz I'm poor, and bet denominated in usd to favor the bear), but we can't exactly use betsofbitcoin to do that since you're bitbroke and I don't think they allow you to denominate bets in bearish fiat either. :P
@_date: 2013-05-08 00:10:17
I wasn't sure which way you were coming down on the core topic, so I just addressed the issue at hand: yes there are national currencies much smaller than USD, but no there aren't ones much bigger and it's easier for people to instinctively envision 10,000 of something small than to envision 1/10,000'th of something large.
@_date: 2013-08-02 20:41:32
I'm listening. Now what software do you have to run on there to get [Kiosk mode]( EG, the user is trying to scan in the QR code to their own phone and accidentally bumps the touchscreen, I don't need the POS to open a browser history or freeze up trying to launch Skype. :P
@_date: 2013-02-20 20:20:02
dead tree is still the medium of choice for reading while on the crapper. 8I
@_date: 2013-02-17 03:18:12


Remittance is a [$301 billion usd industry]( so at minimum that often.


Up until this post your argument has been that "speed is not important for a currency", yet now you are complaining about 10 minute confirmation times. In face to face transactions, every Bitcoin point of sale terminal I've ever seen accepts zero confirmation for small balances, just as you would in cash. It's not impossible to double-spend in a face to face scenario, but it's very hard (read, expensive) especially in contrast to using a stolen credit card (which is already tolerated as an acceptable risk by merchants).


I can see you've never acted as a merchant for a credit card transaction. [Here is a crash course on that mess]( On top of this understand that you are charged additional fees per batch, which is why smaller merchants delay batch capture until once per day or per week.
The ISP I work for delays once per week to help keep credit card fees affordable, and we carry sufficient USD balance to keep the cash flowing in the meantime. Bitcoin payment solutions flushing USD once per day (via ACH with a 2-3 day delay) is lightning fast in comparison to this, and accepting nude Bitcoin on a 10 minute delay cycle is positively unheard of.
As for your "give somebody money which they can instantly give to somebody else" case study, I've literally never seen cash change hands between three people in less than 10 minute increments without them all being in the same room such that the middleman winds up being skipped entirely. Combine this with the fact that, in the United States Credit Card transactions make up [three quarters]( of all sales volume, a figure which is growing annualy, and you'll see that the physical cash model is dispreferred to begin with.
And finally, be it cash or Bitcoin, how frequently do you need to respend the *last* few dollars you have in ten minutes, in contrast to receiving ten dollars in one pocket and spending an older ten dollar bill out of your other pocket? I suppose with the way change is rendered in paper money that's less convenient, but in any digital-balance currency you're most likely receiving funds into an account which already has a balance, and a 10-60 minute freeze on that new inbound payment to ensure validity should virtually never block new transactions which will spend out of your existing balance.
Basically, I don't understand who can bemoan 10 minute confirmation times yet happily advocate a currency controlled by banks who are only open for business 30-35 hours a week.
@_date: 2013-10-31 15:53:51
This page is a good place for you to start, and does have a direct answer to your question: 
But to elaborate, miners (it's really better to call them "book-keepers") get all newly minted coins with every block. Blocks are generated about every 10 minutes, and today each block gets you 25BTC of newly mined coin. The new coin rewards will not completely go away until 2140.
But despite the fact that new coin rewards make up by far the biggest revenue stream for miners (book-keepers) that is not the *primary* revenue stream, it is only a subsidy. The primary intended revenue stream is the transaction fees.
With every transaction, the person who sends money includes a voluntary transaction fee. If it's not big enough, book-keepers may not choose to include that transaction (ruling it out by policy). Early in Bitcoin's history there's not a large volume of transactions, and the new coin rewards are meant to boot-strap book-keeper participation. As years wear on and that subsidy gets halved every 3.5-4 years (exactly 210k blocks) the reliance on the transaction fees will slowly grow until newly minted coins become an afterthought.
Then by 2140 when the newly minted reward drops past 1 satoshi to round off to zero (and assuming Bitcoin and it's initially planned rules remain relevant for 7 generations straight) then it will only be symbolically missed. :3
@_date: 2013-05-03 01:44:23
Keep in mind that if you try to sync to a thumb drive, it will be significantly slower than syncing to a regular drive or an SSD. The full bitcoin blockchain does a lot of disk access, it is checking and verifying the validity of every transaction which has ever been made since genesis. Every coin that's been spent, it has to search through it's records to make certain it came from a valid transaction in the past. Thumb drives simply can't support those kinds of file access demands. :J
On a decent platter drive this can take a few hours. On an SSD with a fast CPU, just under 1 hour. On a thumb drive, you could be waiting a week and the uberparanoid reference client doesn't let you spend any money back out until the sync is 100% complete.
And and and, the "progress bar" is woefully misleading. The designers of that UI element did not make it accurately represent how long the process should take, instead it's meaningless aside from being a very large "it's not done yet" indicator. ;P
@_date: 2013-02-22 01:52:01
I still only know about how the credit model of Ripple works, but some articles..
.. claim that it supports debit transactions in a model that is 100% decentralized, instant, requires no proof of work and carries no counterparty risk. This in contrast to the credit system I first read about which is literally *made out of* (well managed) counterparty risk. What gives?
@_date: 2013-07-18 23:03:28


Holy cow. Also, there's no way in hades a Hacker forum could show a misleading number of people online in the past five minutes. I mean, PHP is utterly uncrackable. :D
@_date: 2013-02-19 15:45:03
I'm happy with that, so always do it with an anonymous other. :D
Maybe even have "blend parties" where you meet up in IRC to sign minor transactions with dozens of other strangers to donate to Wikileaks or similar.
As far as what client would faciliate this, i'unno man. We just need more client support for weird shit. x3  As long as the protocol allows this to be done in a way that doesn't ruin anybody's security or anonymnity, and there comes a demand to do it then somebody will write a client or client add-on to handle it. :J
@_date: 2013-08-06 00:03:13
This is one reason why the list of positive experiences reported by strangers (who all could be shills) common on ebay, bitmit and localbitcoins can be a bit dicey to try to put any real faith in.
A Web of Trust system like on [ is the way to go. Then you can tell people are trustworthy because the people who have had good experiences with them are people you have also directly had good experiences with. A bit of a "friend of a friend" sort of arrangement is a lot harder to game than "friend of a butt ton of strangers" would be. :P
@_date: 2013-05-26 06:46:13
Well while I would say that is *an* exit strategy, it is not always the best one. It means you make trade losses twice in a row before paying potential withdrawal fees at the new exchange, instead of just paying withdrawal fees at the old exchange via withdrawal method you may not have realized was available.
@_date: 2013-05-23 07:17:10


Then talk about it at greater length, like this, in the comments to the original submission. We don't accept multiple submissions advertising the same site.
@_date: 2013-03-08 01:56:35
Just tried, no worky in Chrome. Chrome wants to save link as when I alt-click.
@_date: 2013-03-03 03:38:43
To be fair, mining doesn't have to be a for-profit endeavor. Some miners are hobbiests and literally don't mind a mild electricity expense to have a sense of active participation. Some just want to go through the motions of  exploring the plumbing, even though they never intend to leave their tiny machine online all day long.
I suppose the best take away is that folks should be disabused of the illusion that "mining for profit" is a beginners game. :3
@_date: 2013-07-06 00:14:56
No you're right, confused $100mil with $1bil on that left axis. Miscounted the number of zeros since original blockchain chart doesn't offer commas or anything in the left axis labels. ;3
Edited original comment to correct. ty. :3
@_date: 2013-04-16 22:19:49
* Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy.
@_date: 2013-03-01 08:41:01
Wull, I subscribed to [these guys]( if that's whatcha mean. 8I
@_date: 2013-08-27 22:45:13
I'unno, contrabanning things has been pretty successful so far after all.
@_date: 2013-03-21 20:50:38
Well, it is a software/protocol website and not a consumer payment website.
The problem with looking like paypal or dwolla is that those focus on rotating images of smiling people and a login form where you can manage your account.
@_date: 2013-06-02 19:41:17
Damn. Those look fast.
@_date: 2013-04-19 21:16:01
Yep, that's the 2-of-3 escrow I mentioned. :3
@_date: 2013-08-02 20:38:16
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* No compilations of free Bitcoin sites.
@_date: 2013-08-27 23:56:34
Shell, Chevron, Texaco, and Kroger too. :D
@_date: 2013-03-23 04:55:55
Primarily because "more people" were never taxed or debased into paying said bailout.
@_date: 2013-07-12 07:07:23


Understand, I was not invalidating the general interest of your article. I'm not saying "overly paranoid", nor am I suggesting that paranoia precludes that they are actually out to get us.
What I am saying is that articles like this may will play into the common fears in this audience — whether or not that fear is justified — without clarifying a link to Bitcoin. Then, many people will come up with their own disjoint ideas for how bitcoin might be related, upvote for disjoint reasons, and lend exposure to the article for the wrong reasons.
We don't want our sub to become a copy of or or Virtually every article there *may* glancingly inspire relation to bitcoin in the minds of readers. Either "Bitcoin would prevent that from happening" or "Maybe I can use Bitcoin to donate to the good guys in this story" or "This is a cautionary tale and we should  keep the Bitcoin economy from starting down this path", etc. But out rules require that the link to Bitcoin be spelled out, so that everyone who upvotes upvotes for that link instead of for a zillion unrelated potential links in each person's mind.
@_date: 2013-04-10 21:07:55
As much as I'd like to, I'm the only local trader for 150mi in any direction. :S
@_date: 2013-06-27 09:40:48
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-01-06 22:33:17
I don't understand this comment. How would BTC "real value" (which I would interpret to mean purchasing power) doubling keep it in line with an unchanging gold value (which I would also interpret to mean purchasing power)?
Pyj didn't really seem to be asking about the BTC's performance specifically against USD or other fiat, nor does Gold seem to be doubling against the USD quadannually. :S
@_date: 2013-01-17 05:57:07
I'm not sure how we can advise you here. What precisely do you consider unstable?
We are as unstable as we are because the market is small, so any trades large enough are able to fluctuate it, and no central entity throws away money in the quest to fight the market and ground the value.
What precisely are your stability concerns?
@_date: 2013-02-20 00:28:53
Well, Bitcoin is not designed for microtransactions. µtx is best left to centralized institutions and then larger debts settled in larger, Bitcoin transactions. :3
@_date: 2013-03-10 23:59:42
[It's like "drunk in public" except with fallacies and a global publishing medium]( :P
@_date: 2013-05-14 04:53:52
Please refer to our community rules in the sidebar:


@_date: 2013-04-05 22:25:28
Oh, I'm sure he is. But we all need to get diversified, start putting our hashpower into different pools. :S
@_date: 2013-09-08 11:06:40
[Mayn, this ain't my Dad. This is a cellphone.](
@_date: 2013-09-11 20:16:59
Mind the sidebar guidelines:
* News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news.
While I agree that what these non-bitcoin-related payment systems are doing is intriguing, what we need is a self post or blog post waxing about what this means *for bitcoin*. How Bitcoin might do something similar, or how it's overplayed and Bitcoin does/could do something better, etc.
Thank you. :)
@_date: 2013-02-04 09:43:42
Unfortunately, this assumes that multiple major players act against one another in concert. It's like claiming you can never stab another person and that they would be guaranteed to parry you: false. Even though they have more to lose getting stabbed than you do to gain stabbing them, they also have a very tiny window of both space and time to stop you from doing it.
No governments, that we are aware of, are putting dogs into the mining fight today. No governments are liable to try to profit from Bitcoin so long as they are married to their supply-controlable fiat, and we're much more liable to see governmental animous towards bitcoin before any governmental investment in it.
That being the case, the first government to try a 51% attack will never see resistance from another government. The window of opportunity is too small: attacker will arrange their mining gear, and then switch it all on at once. Even if China, say *might* love Bitcoin 10 years from now, they would never have time to arrange a parry if nobody knew the US was about to DoS us. If the attack were successful (and I doubt they would try if they didn't have their own army of formidable eggheads signing off on it first) the results would be catastrophic pretty rapidly. Again, much like a stab wound.
Luckily, [we do have defenses available]( that do not require fuedal intervention. ;)
@_date: 2013-04-19 02:19:31
You posted the wrong link, I think what you meant to post was this:
@_date: 2013-08-23 10:54:55
All these wat, gas gift cards? I've never seen them for sale on Gyft.
@_date: 2013-09-07 02:09:19
Current Bitcoin market cap: [~$1.5 billion USD](
Current US GDP: [~$15 trillion USD](
Thus, Bitcoin represents about 0.01% (aka, one one hundredth of a percent) of United States Gross Domestic Product.
Also, is wrong. If we were at 1% our market cap, and thus unit price would only increase 100 fold, to roughly $11,700usd/BTC.
@_date: 2013-08-14 21:25:08
You will be interested to know that not only is your conception of how bitcoin addresses ought to be treated a "Good Idea", it is also the standard best practice both used and espoused by the reference client written by Nakamoto himself and is recommended directly in the whitepaper. A majority of desktop clients operate this way, with Blockchain.info and Reddit's Bitcointip bot being two of the few holdouts that do not. ;3
@_date: 2013-01-05 19:12:11


Well, my argument is that what is best suited for Bitcoin is closed loops of use. Those can only happen by meeting the demands present bitcoiners (a fair representation of all future bitcoiners) happen to have.
One of the major advantages to Bitcoin is the inexpense of being able to handle your money without having to pay a cabal of third parties to manage your money for you and to fight fraud and to line their own pockets. That's the business model behind bitcoinstore.com. Quite simply "Since I accept bitcoin, I can offer lower prices than anyone else can with credit cards".
Of course Bitcoin is well suited to anonymous and near-anonymous transactions, to circumvent the state and thumb one's nose at the law and whatnot, but until we develop some closed loops that more people can participate in Bitcoin will always be fantastically expensive to use. These people who want to use Silk Road or Ebook express will have to buy bitcoins for fiat. These authors who accept bitcoins from them will have to sell those bitcoins back off again to pay for the only basic necessities in their life; rent and food and electricity. Today (prior to a sufficient mesh of OTC traders living next door to everyone else) that means using centralized exchanges, paying an average of 4-6% friction and waiting an average of 3-7 days for the currency to convert and ACH or Wire from place to place.
So while I am all for as many new Bitcoin services as you can find that seem to fill it's niche better, we also need new ways for everyone who has bitcoin on hand to "cash them out" directly into human needs instead of back into the pockets of the bankers.
There are plenty of people asking what the community can do for Bitcoin, which is great, but I think the question "what can Bitcoin do for the squishy humans in it's community" needs a little attention as well. That's our symbiosis. :3
@_date: 2013-04-02 16:19:33
[Reddit Enhancement Suite]( is like [CRYSTAL METH IN A CAN](
@_date: 2013-08-26 21:00:47
It's sad really, but you can position bitcoin as a "neutral" technology, you can say "nobody owns it, nobody controls it" and "it can be used for good as well as ill, and properly shepherded the good will easily outweigh the ill"...
However, it is the *implicit doctrine* of current policy-makers that an ecosystem cannot *be* "good" *unless* they exercise authoritarian control over it.
Look at Andrea saying "It's really a lot like the internet.." Policy makers are not very happy with the internet right now either, because they have insufficient control over what content end-users have access to and they feel like they require the NSA to eavesdrop on absolutely all digital communication or they will not be safe from terrorism.
Bitcoin is the same. Until it gets hollowed out into a puppet that fits their hand like a glove; until it's incapable of expressing any behavior they did not explicitly intend it to with the twitch of a finger, they've no reason to be satisfied.
Keep in mind such a system is no less rife for corruption and abuse by third parties than a free system (in fact it's startlingly more rife for abuse), so their meddling does zilch to actually reduce crime. But that's simply not their objective. Their objective is to control the ecosystem sufficiently that they can either cover their asses and prevent crime from looking like it's occurring in a manner they are responsible for (sweep it under the rug), or that they at least can profit every time it does occur.
@_date: 2013-08-30 20:50:22
Mathematically, yes there exists no 1-to-1 mapping between 32-byte SHA256 outputs and the infinitely long inputs you could feed into it.
However, in all practical applications, trying to discover such a collission via brute force [is not practical](
@_date: 2013-03-01 03:01:50
"the catch" is that your ungodly calculations assume today's exchange rate (which is mercifully climbing) and today's hash rate (which is unmercifully climbing).
There is only 3600BTC per day of block rewards plus however many transaction fees get offered for all miners everywhere in the world to compete over. One ASIC machine amidst a million GPUs will take a huge slice of such a pie. Currently, we understand that about a dozen ASICs total are running, 3 from Avalan and the rest from ASICMiner, and that scattering is eating up to 1/6 of the global mining rewards competing against hundreds of FPGAs and tens of thousands of GPUs.
Now once the rest of Avalon's 300 batch one units ships, 600 batch 2 units or if BFL ships their gear the hash rate will increase perhaps 40-100 times and the revenue any one device can realize on it's own will drop commensurately.
So the first to market get amazing rewards, yo. :3
@_date: 2013-01-19 04:18:13
I'm curious now, are you and LB like mortal foes now, or something? x3
@_date: 2013-03-09 10:55:36
The most important ingredient to combat the "don't want to spend precious BTC" guilt is to lock in BTC-denominated revenue streams.
Exchanging BTC for USD is hard. Once you've got both pools fed by natural income streams, then which pool you spend from will be motivated not only by the USD pool evaporating of it's own accord, but also of the evaporation you get whenever you exchange from one pool to the other. 
@_date: 2013-03-02 08:26:23
Who said that they weren't as good as some other person (me? men?) at solitary pursuits? The comparative disadvantage I was referring to is in comparison to their own social skills. Basically, if you are naturally more talented at collaborating with others, why would you spend your time honing and perfecting individualist skills?
On top of that, I was merely forwarding a hypothesis. I apologize if it's struck a nerve as that was not my intent, but it would be more productive for you to address the hypothesis on it's own merits than casting personal aspersions on he who presented it.
@_date: 2013-03-14 14:35:45
Tried playing a little bit.
I got 2 10's showing and had one hidden (3 of a kind 10s), but lost the round because the other guy called with a single pair of 2's. His winning hand had only a 2/3 showing, meaning something were loused up in that hand. ;3
You've got some testing to do, and unenviously some 1.5 updating to do. But it's fun and I pop my head in when I can.
Good luck, sir! ;3
@_date: 2013-06-14 20:00:35
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news.
@_date: 2013-02-22 02:40:50


That's the other shoe to drop; but you are correct that those outside our little club can't get any mileage out of them without first exchanging them, at present. Even we are hard pressed, I mean you're normally not going to need a shot of cash in the arm unless it's a bill/rent/debt/gas/food issue, and those aren't sold locally for BTC (almost) anywhere yet. :S
Your other lines say "banks in US offer cheap, same day interbank transfers, but we just need to catch up": true. "Bitcoin-&gt;cash is equally slow, and local exchange is spread pretty thin": also true. So: the question is do you think mature Bitcoin local exchange ecosystems or US Banks serving their customers is going to materialize first? ;D
@_date: 2013-05-13 06:40:42
How would these shops using Bitcoin violate federal or international law? The law only regulates banks doing business with them.
@_date: 2013-02-13 05:17:02
lol at the pictures up on the wall of previous kit-sitters x3
@_date: 2013-01-07 05:12:58
I'm not even sure what this place is. 
I went there, gave a unique address, put in a captcha. The first video they had me watch wouldn't even load properly so I closed it.
Still got an mbtc at the address though. Not sure why.
What, hunh? ;D
@_date: 2013-09-04 18:32:31
It's quite probable their betting addresses are controlled by the same machine that hosts their site.
@_date: 2013-06-30 01:32:57
Okay, fair 'nuf. But what's a "spreadbit" and what's a "issuu.com"? :o
@_date: 2013-04-30 01:31:59
I might recommend a "self" post, or publish your opinion on a blog citing sources such as that article, and then submit the link to your blog entry. :J
@_date: 2013-03-27 00:40:30
In all of my travels, Bitcoin-QT does at least show the transaction record. It has a little clock icon showing how many confirmations, or ? for zero conf transactions. The overall balance may not be updated, but I just sort of assumed OP had looked at their transaction history.
Heck, bitcoin-QT also pops up a toast for every zero conf transaction. :J
@_date: 2013-08-01 00:23:17
Alright, and how would they get the USD back out of gox, then? The entire reason Gox rate is higher is because there is no/few useful USD outlets. It is on par with blowing into a balloon, now it has higher pressure than the surrounding atmosphere, precisely because the gas cannot escape.
Are you suggesting Coinbase is profiting off the higher exchange rate and then losing the profit again to pay for wire fees and lost withdrawals, maybe?
@_date: 2013-09-25 08:04:24
That "rock, paper, scissors" game sounds entertaining. :B
@_date: 2013-02-15 13:00:08
I'd like to see a log chart of the exchange rate over time. Do you has? :D
@_date: 2013-03-11 19:29:46
ty sir, bookmarked all the goodness. :3
@_date: 2013-02-21 22:44:39
inb4 "standard variance, blah blah blah" xD
@_date: 2013-03-05 00:48:57
I was happy to see it blow past the market cap for the Secondlife Linden Dollar a month back, at roughly the same valuation as your CCU. :B
@_date: 2013-01-16 09:44:18
Oh wow, you should really have someone take a look at them then, because they are kind of supposed to poo once or twice in the first few months as well. xD
@_date: 2013-04-07 22:35:58
The problem with the common argument against bitcoin which chalks it's success up to "luck" is that the argument is not falsifiable. You can level the same argument against any human endeavor whatever.
"Science was a gamble regardless. Religion could have succeeded instead. Epistemology in general could have collapsed, and if anyone said they knew with certainty whether the scientific method would produce profitable results prior to empirically measuring them, they were full of it".
The fact is that every investment, of money or effort, has risk and that risk can never be reduced to zero. So why don't you let us know what razor you use to separate ordinary decisions from roulette?
I put my money on computers when I was four and focused my energy on them so heavily that I actually dealt myself a detriment in social competence. So I didn't strike exactly the right balance, but I did put money on the right horse in broad terms. This decade my money is on decentralized systems, and my research showed Bitcoin to be the undisputed winner of delivering decentralized authority to the financial sphere which badly needs it. I've invested tons of time and effort here and so far the *realized* returns (let alone unrealized) have been more substantial than any single investment I've ever made before.
It's disingenuous to call the right tool for the right job "luck".
@_date: 2013-08-09 01:38:42
I'm sorry, I mistook your two posts as one person correcting another person, which would have suggested the escrow thing actually applied in this situation. ;3
@_date: 2013-02-20 15:47:30
Let me ask the following question then.
How would they ban Bitcoin? As in, what specific selector or law or justification would they use? Please do not gloss over that consideration, because I think it is an important one.
Bitcoin is a politically charged cryptocurrency. Over time it is gaining traction and adoption, and just like the assailance of Napster in the early 2000's it will take time for it's enemies to collect themselves and to mount a viable counterattack. Supporting Bitcoin is tantamount to political speech (and it's demonstration) about who we want to be in control over our wealth, and how we want to exchange with one another. Thus banning Bitcoin is an attack on domestic political speech — a condition which will grow more relevant with every new merchant and industry which adopts bitcoin and every new media reflection of Bitcoin in a positive light.
My question is, how can our government directly oppose political speech? How can it justify directly attacking the wealth of whatever portion of the country has bought in at the point they choose to strike (a number that grows daily)? You are suggesting that they will choose to ruin what today is a fraction of a billion worth in investments, and tomorrow may be several billion, held by today tens of thousands, tomorrow hundreds of thousands of US citizens "with the stroke of a pen". 
I see the market cap as a vested interest, by definition. Burn millions of dollars of people's savings and expect them to seek millions of dollars of retribution against you.
TBPH, the most painless way the government could try to kill Bitcoin (eg, disarming the warchest) would be to buy them out. Warn that Bitcoin will be outlawed 1 month hence, but extend an offer to buy all Bitcoin from current holders in USD directly at exchange rate X. That is how they got all the gold, and that's the most effective way to empty Bitcoin's coffers as well.
The salve to the government would be short-lived however, as nerds would simply brainstorm how to build their next cryptocurrency to survive the "exchange problem". 
If my doomsday scenario is the dominant strategy, it also mitigates the investment shock of your doomsday scenario until then. :9
But at the end of the day I think too many people are frightened by confrontation. [Everyone's doomsday scenarios]( are always about "What if somebody murders me" or "what if somebody tortures me" or "what if the full force of the US legal system rains down upon my pet project like a bored child shining a magnifying glass at an ant hill" not because those are the most practical avenues for whoever may value what you have, but because those are the most psychologically frightening prospects for you personally. (and, because let's be honest, struggling against horror is fun. :P) I think reality lacks the drama of confrontation that our fictions do, and that we've found a powerful force which probably will not "end" incumbent corruption but will at least grudgingly force it to shift to the side quite a ways.
@_date: 2013-02-22 01:34:38
Okay, so limits are on par with Bitme too.
How I normally handle Bitme (and all markets) is that I deposit, then place a limit order at the price I want (could be $30.71 right now, for example) and wait for somebody to eat it, or check back after a few hours and nudge the order around a bit if the market moves away from me. I don't market buy/sell unless I'm in a terrible rush, or it's been long enough moving the limit order that my patience runs out.
Your limits and market depth do sound better than Bitme though, so I'll give you lot a look the next time I'm moving a larger sum. Thank you. :3 
@_date: 2013-09-04 18:13:51
Localbitcoins is basically as anonymous as you choose to be. You do not have to disclose any personally identifying info to LBC, nor to the party you trade with if they don't choose to require that.
LBC offers an escrow system that it is a good idea to take advantage of, so it's on your head to anonymize (eg, tumble) any coins you dump in there in case an oppressive government subpeona's LBC for their wallet data, to use anonymized internet to access LBC, and all that fun stuff. :3
@_date: 2013-03-22 01:34:57
Whoever pays them the money is the customers. We're getting primarily the same product, a measure of control over a certain swath of ad space.
It doesn't matter what they expect regular users to do, and it doesn't matter what businesses usually do. The only real difference is that they let third parties handle the ad sales while they accept gold subscriptions directly. If they accepted the payments for ads themselves, then they would have no rational excuse to support a free-to-deploy payment type to one type of customer and then obstinately deny the same payment type option to another type of customer.
@_date: 2013-10-31 16:24:31
That, or you can show a bitcoin address QR code to the ATM (or type it in like a lewzer if no other method presents) and it will just send the coins to that.
Printing off a temp wallet works well enough when you don't want to hassle with scanning at the atm, or holding up the line, or you forgot your smartphone or you're just a newbie who didn't prepare an address before walking up or whatevs. :J
@_date: 2013-03-11 18:27:38
Yes, I don't doubt this one bit. My question is "how do more people mining litecoin lead to more people competing to buy litecoin with fiat"?
@_date: 2013-03-17 05:55:54
Cheers, good sir! *clinks* a can of dew
@_date: 2013-01-08 07:22:49
Anti-money-laundering laws. Competition with services they already provide at steep fees. Potential bad PR if this Bitcoin thing turns out to be a scam or a fad after all. Bad legal positioning in case the US Gubmint comes in to crack down on Bitcoin. etc.
@_date: 2013-08-24 13:57:42
[Your sibling post]( linked in some data.
@_date: 2013-05-07 11:46:08
I know that [FastCash4Bitcoins]( is the best avenue I know to cash out to paypal. Whether you can then spend that without your paypal being linked to a bank, I know less about however. :S
@_date: 2013-01-03 01:12:38
I can't speak to the implementations out there like Armory and Brainwallet, as I haven't directly used those. But I do understand the protocol and the math well enough to ELI5 this. :3
In order to receive Bitcoin money, you first have to create a private key (which you keep private), and from that a matching address. You can create these offline, even by doing the math on paper if you wish (it's pretty hard math but not impossible for the very patient ;3) 
The blockchain doesn't know you've done this. Not yet. But you can't get any money if you never share that public address with people asking for dough. So you emerge from your no electricity concrete bunker with only the public address, and you post that online asking for moneys.
The blockchain still doesn't know yet, all you've done is informally told people about your address. But now they can pay you and *that's* how the blockchain gets wind of your address.
Now the blockchain records that all kind of people are raining BTC down on your address. Nobody really knows you have the matching private key, or anything. They just assume that you do. Their financial obligation to you is resolved when they send money per your instructions, it's your problem if you never had a matching private key behind it. :3
Now you "have" all this BTC. You have it because it's kept safe for you on the impossible to forge or change public blockchain ledger and you own the key to it. This is just like people dumping goods into a storage locker that you have a hidden key to.
Now how to use the key, without putting the key online? Oooh, here's my favorite part. :D
== Offline Transaction Signing
What your private key can do (and virtually all it can do) is "sign messages". You can sign any message you want. That means, if you want to prove to someone you have the key without moving any bitcoin at all, you could have them send you a random bit of text and you could do the math in your bunker to sign that text, and spit out just the signature. Anyone who sees your public address can confirm only the owner of the matching private key could have made that signature, but you don't have to bring your private key out of the bunker to do it.
That's the mechanism you use to spend coins, too. You either use some software like Armory in your bunker, or do it all on paper while checking the protocol reference books often, and create a simple message which orders that some Bitcoins that you own should get spent to some new address out in the world. Maybe your VPN provider.
By itself the message is meaningless, anyone can easily construct it. But then you sign that message using your private key, also in the bunker. Only someone with access to your private key can do that, and that's the magic that allows only you to spend your bitcoins.
So you create the message, sign it, and then bring just the message out of your bunker. You broadcast this out on the network (normally through some more software, like the public-facing component of Armory) and Miners can tell this is a legitimate request to spend bitcoins, signed by the owner of the private key that matches the public key they've all been sent to.
So that's the basic magic! But there is one more important piece to most offline and brain wallets:
== Deterministic Wallets
Usually people don't want to go to all this trouble just to have a single address they control. They want unlimited addresses. They want to set up cold storage, so that the website they sell Widgets off of can make up a new address for each new customer, but the matching private keys only exist in a bunker that slatternly webserver *never had* and *never will have* access to.
Could that even be possible? Enter Deterministic Wallets. :3
So now, in your bunker, instead of just making one private key, you use a mathemagical formula that transforms one "seed" — usually a passphrase or random string — into an endless parade of private keys. In an offline wallet, the seed could be random and really long and full of entropy should you choose. In a brainwallet, the seed is normally a long string of meaningless-sounding words, carrying about 256 bits of entropy. Since you can memorize the long phrase, you can recreate this "offline wallet" in any sufficiently secure location in order to wield control over all of your stored coin at a moment's notice.
You also get a "public seed" out of all this math, and the public seed is safe to bring out of the bunker. Nobody can get your private seed from the public seed, nor your private keys from it. All they can get is the matching public addresses.
You put this public seed in the public-facing bitcoin software on your webserver, and it can generate public addresses on the fly from the seed. Each customer gets their own address, to keep transactions separate and to maximize anonymity. And when you're ready to start spending those coins from out of your cold storage, you go back to the bunker (no rush!) and every matching private key can be churned out from the matching private seed. :3
EDIT: fixed a few typos n' suchnot :3
@_date: 2013-07-18 00:30:08
So, get your coins instantly and then tumble them. Now they're anonymous again.
Besides, Coinbase links to your bank account in order to offer it's fundamental operation. How does that not already 100% identify you? The new, extra layer of questions are multiple choice. They do not give Coinbase any novel information about you, they just confirm that you are the rightful owner of the bank account and not somebody who has hacked it and is trying to use Coinbase to embezzle funds from it.
They already clearly know these things about you. The questions exist for no purpose other than to confirm that you know these things too; to weed out weak imposters.
@_date: 2013-06-03 10:30:23
Email content was basically what is on that webpage, and had a link that said "View this email in your browser" pointing to that page.
Here are the email headers:
    Delivered-To: &lt;my correct email address&gt;
    Received: by 10.194.135.6 with SMTP id po6csp60708wjb;
            Mon, 3 Jun 2013 03:14:37 -0700 (PDT)
    X-Received: by 10.236.115.164 with SMTP id e24mr10027865yhh.182.1370254476897;
            Mon, 03 Jun 2013 03:14:36 -0700 (PDT)
    Return-Path: &lt;bounce-mc.us6_15235559.312809-&lt;my correct email username&gt;=&lt;my correct email domain&gt;
    Received: from mail175.us4.mcsv.net (mail175.us4.mcsv.net. [205.201.128.175])
            by mx.google.com with ESMTP id z48si9459594yhm.120.2013.06.03.03.14.36
            for &lt;&lt;my correct email address&gt;&gt;;
            Mon, 03 Jun 2013 03:14:36 -0700 (PDT)
    Received-SPF: pass (google.com: domain of bounce-mc.us6_15235559.312809-&lt;my correct email username&gt;=&lt;my correct email domain&gt; designates 205.201.128.175 as permitted sender) client-ip=205.201.128.175;
    Authentication-Results: mx.google.com;
           spf=pass (google.com: domain of bounce-mc.us6_15235559.312809-&lt;my correct email username&gt;=&lt;my correct email domain&gt; designates 205.201.128.175 as permitted sender) smtp.mail=bounce-mc.us6_15235559.312809-&lt;my correct email username&gt;=&lt;my correct email domain&gt;
           dkim=pass header.i=info=3Dbitbox.mx
    DKIM-Signature: v=1; a=rsa-sha1; c=relaxed/relaxed; s=k1; d=mail175.us4.mcsv.net;
     h=Subject:From:Reply-To:To:Date:Message-ID:List-Unsubscribe:Sender:Content-Type:MIME-Version; i=info=3Dbitbox.mx
     bh=v+JjFYZR+zby1UbKdBfoYxOChaI=;
     b=OKFRsXXNAa5yyVjNW8c92GnO+ZN7oT67rEGUj+teBQSa6vbrX1AzxsYVJpgPyP41pqMphcVZqZJv
       Hk3Wvt+ev8F9PVxzvvGCeCpt9bdbL4nvI7JOFSV1m4RQ8nT56QAn3HkEcYTiSmARz0bQteiYsADs
       xijxE81t3MbSp1+2Eqw=
    DomainKey-Signature: a=rsa-sha1; c=nofws; q=dns; s=k1; d=mail175.us4.mcsv.net;
     b=YwbF9V9eUZDNZ/2jRlXYiojr3YO6JxB8g7X/tBBZDlQXMVnBtd67PZyCEwfrte8hxxhLZcu46iXi
       D1WxpzawMWVOVyYRhDwk64pDUGG5n/OxQMslMMxgE6uhwKdkBLTseRUoTA1WTmReT4/iFcADlO28
       qMTe6ylMy9OJ9fDRGDY=;
    Received: from (127.0.0.1) by mail175.us4.mcsv.net id hlhm8o14huo1 for &lt;&lt;my correct email address&gt;&gt;; Mon, 3 Jun 2013 10:14:21 +0000 (envelope-from &lt;bounce-mc.us6_15235559.312809-&lt;my correct email username&gt;=&lt;my correct email domain&gt;
    Subject: =?utf-8?Q?BitMe=20is=20Joining=20Forces=20with=20BitBox?=
    From: =?utf-8?Q?Sean=20Lavine?= &lt;info
    Reply-To: =?utf-8?Q?Sean=20Lavine?= &lt;info
    To: &lt;&lt;my correct email address&gt;&gt;
    Date: Mon, 3 Jun 2013 10:14:21 +0000
    Message-ID: &lt;5be210ac3945b7a7063fff69d1173fc77fd.20130603101413
    X-Mailer: MailChimp Mailer - **CID3ad86c073b1173fc77fd**
    X-Campaign: mailchimp5be210ac3945b7a7063fff69d.3ad86c073b
    X-campaignid: mailchimp5be210ac3945b7a7063fff69d.3ad86c073b
    X-Report-Abuse: Please report abuse for this campaign here:  blah&gt;&amp;id=3ad86c073b&amp;e=1173fc77fd
    x-accounttype: ff
    List-Unsubscribe: &lt;mailto:unsubscribe-&lt;blah blah&gt;-3ad86c073b-1173fc77fd &lt; blah&gt;=49bca167c4&amp;e=1173fc77fd&amp;c=3ad86c073b&gt;
    Sender: "Sean Lavine" &lt;info=bitbox.mx
    x-mcda: FALSE
    Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="_----------=_MCPart_2036540903"
    MIME-Version: 1.0
@_date: 2013-03-01 00:49:20
A lot of the PM forums (like many forums) are full of people posting things like "whaanh, I can't keep hackers out of my facebook profile what makes you think I could keep them out of my wallet?" and it's logic I have a hard time arguing with. :3
@_date: 2013-02-01 11:06:34
It's not better if "despite" isn't required for these people to participate.
It appears to me that this religion happens to recomend monetary principals which very closely align with Bitcoin's founding principals, in contrast to the Fiat that the rest of the world takes for granted. If Sharia can endorse Bitcoin to the the Billion (big B) or so people who follow it, then it makes no sense to thumb ones' nose at that endorsement just because Sharia is oppressive in dimensions completely unrelated to Bitcoin.
Look at it this way: If you were a roofer in a community with a high concentration of fundamentalist Muslims, and your roofing technique was different from all of your competitors such that you learn it is somehow more "Muslim-compatible" than your competitors, would you seek to market your product "in spite of" this obvious selling point, or would you collect on the easy influx of business before somebody else does and puts you out of yours? :P
@_date: 2013-01-06 22:18:58
Why would 51% of miners care about *other* people's blocks containing free transactions? "You didn't pay my competitor so I'm going to risk all of my revenues to try to vote your transaction out of existance"? Really? :P
If you get 51% of miners feeling that strongly, then I would guess that simply not accepting the free transactions or transactions below a certain level would be plenty. Because then those transactions would take a lot longer to clear and those customers would start pulling their hair out. Seriously, don't pay any mind to those customers waiting for somebody to charitably include their transaction late at night when the blocks start to empty. Miners have the power to dictate what goes in their block, and just like a bus driver with the power to dictate who gets on their bus, why would you need more power than that?
@_date: 2013-03-20 19:06:59
I was under the impression the bitcointip account was handled on a local server by and a copy of the private key is simply uploaded to a blockchain.info wallet on request when the owner issues a "create wallet" command.
@_date: 2013-06-30 11:30:04
Whenever I buy or sell silver the local coin shop requires my signature and a xerox of my drivers' licence. Where do you live?
@_date: 2013-04-22 21:30:23
It is against the [Reddit Terms of Service]( to use this website to share third party's personal information without their consent:


Reddit admins take this rule very seriously, as do the mods of Also note that while your intention may have been sarcastic, others may not interpret it as such and may do as you suggest. Neither is it allowed to break the ToS nor to encourage others to do so.
Thank you for you understanding.
@_date: 2013-06-06 20:39:06
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
I might recommend or for soliciting a trade? Also, try [LocalBitcoins]( and [Bitcoin-OTC](
@_date: 2013-02-05 02:43:46
I'unno, I've never heard anybody verbally deny SR. SR is SR, and most of us support them in spirit regardless of our personal stance on controlled substances in particular just as one might support Bittorrent even if one defends the letter of Copyright law. SR can be used to trade legal things and Bittorrent can be used to share legal content.
@_date: 2013-01-29 06:14:54
Other investments which would be thoroughly toasted by anything in your suggestion pool which would be powerful enough to negatively affect the capacity of the bitcoin network to continue operating, or your wallets in particular given responsible offsite and/or offline (paper/brain) backup protocols.
Your stocks, your bonds, your bank account, your paypal balance, your credit cards, 401k, gift cards, and any real estate you're not well armed enough to personally defend.
Gold and silver ought to take a dip in value too, given that while it's a fine medium of exchange it's not at all wide in local circulation, especially in pressed bullion forms which are easier to personally authenticate. It's food, guns, and ammo all the way brah. :O
@_date: 2013-02-25 06:18:25
It's a lot faster than the initial blockchain download via v0.7, I'm not certain it's any faster than a fresh v0.8 download however. :S
@_date: 2013-11-13 18:48:06
OTOH bounties to unmask people's identities offered by nameless individuals themselves basically just legitimizes stalking and harassment (imagine using something like that against one of the strip4coins girls? :P).
Besides, coin is liable to change hands a few times prior to your getting it. Anyone who really cares about anonymity is tumbling their coins, and once the coins aren't at that address any more the only tracking method left is taint. Taint leaves whoever wasn't vigilant holding the bag (vigilance increasing bitcoin transaction cost and having to ask permission killing it's utility), or else allows retro-active taint so that even vigilance cannot save you from third parties debasing the value of the coin you hold.
@_date: 2013-01-16 09:19:00
On the one hand I haven't really bought or sold much there in a few months (still talk them up though, I've always had good experiences) but when I did need support or just had questions or feature requests, I normally saw a response in a couple of hours.
I believe the site is still just operated by one dude, so I wouldn't get too worried about the timeframe. If he's backlogged or RL is getting in the way, I wouldn't be surprised by a day or two turnaround. Hang in there, bro. :3
@_date: 2013-06-30 12:02:00
1&gt; The US government obeying law? What, are you new or something? xD
2&gt; I never mentioned "money", I said "wealth". Tradeable commodities with market value represent wealth and Bitcoin certainly fits the definition of a commodity (albeit an intangible one). :3
@_date: 2013-02-11 07:49:13
So if In Ripple you can issue "debit money", and XRP is the debit money from these central figures, then can every user do this too?
To me it sounds like this "debit money" is just IOU's issued by the .. issuer. So that's great, and people will value your IOU's prima facia. But I just wanted to make sure that that was even possible, because people sure make it sound like you need XRP just to begin participating in the system. :O
@_date: 2013-02-09 03:24:27
Checking the entangled bit does destroy the entanglement, but that's not related to the incapacity of enanglement to convey causality. :3
@_date: 2013-06-19 22:46:38
Not bads. For awhile, all comments on this submission were simply not rendering, reddit appears to have unborked since then. :B
@_date: 2013-03-20 03:56:06
I think it's better for all of us if Bitcoin matures to a hundred billion or trillion dollar market cap soon, rather than waiting for a billion USD notes to be used as toilet paper first.
@_date: 2013-06-20 22:32:53


(you accidentally a zero, I put it back for you)
That's what I've accounted for so far, yes. Given the potential of that variable "expenses" to be upwards of $30k usd, that means that Gold's net value to the purchaser can be zero (which was the magic number you were superstitiously concerned about) and can even be less than zero (purchaser completely underwater as a result of sudden asset devaluation).
Furthermore, I understand you are playing Morgan's advocate but I've never engaged you via any means other than that. The position you are advocating is flawed if it relies on a guarantee of resistance to loss in value which does not exist. Bitcoin can lose value, and nobody in the "circlejerk" here is claiming otherwise. It's value can go to zero, the system may even conceivably break. But despite these real risks worth consideration it also remains resistant to other kinds of corrosion which the value of government fiat and precious metals are not resistant to: security cost, transport cost, counterparty risk, counterfeiting, supply inflation, confiscation, and transactional blockades to name a handful.
Furthermore, I'd love to hear more about your prejudice (or the prejudice which you attribute to Morgan) that a physical commodity has some investment advantage over a digital one. It appears to me that an overwhelming majority of humans in every developed society in the world today invest more heavily in digital bank balances, stocks and bonds, and even precious metal *certificates* in preference to physical possession of PM. Do either of you suppose that these actors would be making more money today by investing primarily in physical goods that they personally maintain? I reckon the importance of that $expenses variable from the top of this comment is powerful enough to tip every scale in the investment universe.
@_date: 2013-08-02 09:30:54
[insane tumblr-feminists == troll](
@_date: 2013-04-13 04:15:22
I'm not saying that demand isn't important, all I am saying is that demand is not a function of fresh production as you have portrayed it.
@_date: 2013-11-11 20:58:44
While true, I would call that a minor problem in the face of the rest of the awesome. :3
@_date: 2013-03-01 08:54:36


I get the feeling laszlo had to have eventually retracted this offer, yis?
Because .. yeah, I could totally order that man a couple of pizzas. &amp;
EDIT: nvm, just a couple of months afterwards:


@_date: 2013-08-25 14:56:41
OTOH, if merchants begin to accept bitcoin by dint of it's liquidity as an international currency option, then even if they all use payment processors like Bitpay you can *spend* 10kE worth of bitcoin once you arrive without even running afoul of any of Fincen's regulations.
This means not only *could* a person choose to illegally avoid reporting obligations, but they could even *legally* sidestep them. :P
@_date: 2013-03-01 20:49:55
Nah, looks like he just did it the once but offered to do it more and nobody followed up until somebody posted back a few months later saying "you still buying pizzas for $600usd, brah?" xD
@_date: 2013-03-27 06:25:42
Pre- eternal september?


@_date: 2013-03-09 12:46:17
1. this presupposes that anybody releases ASICs more efficient than 3-10 watts per gigahash. So far such have been promised for half a year, but zero have materialized.
2. This presupposes that all kinds of ASICs proliferate so far that mining revenues can drop anywhere near electricity costs for their owners. Unlike GPUs which have resale value if they outlive their mining potential, ASICs cannot be resold once they earn less than the power they draw. This acts as a disincentive for buyers to buy into a market with slim margins that GPU miners never faced. That's one of the same reasons that FPGA never fully ended the GPU reign.
@_date: 2013-03-29 21:53:01
Yeah, OP said the guy handed him a piece of paper with the address on it. If OP kept the piece of paper, and it had the terms of sale on it (1x headset [described] for $80usd worth of Bitcoins) and signed by headset guy, then OP's payment is his endorsement of the terms and you're legally sound.
Instead, it sounds like scammer walked off with the headphones and the invoice.
@_date: 2013-03-21 20:45:11
And advertising doesn't cost them nothing? Keep in mind, reddit gold blocks the ads to those subscribers. It's basically the same resource (online publishing) sold in different formats. ;3
@_date: 2013-09-01 02:42:45
Mod thoughts: try re-submitting the permalink to your article instead of a general link to the blog, since the front page of blog is not going to permanently mention bitcoin. ;3
@_date: 2013-02-19 14:46:08
I'm not sure if these shipping prices are accurate? EMS shipping for 1kg item on your site quoted me .0004BTC, or roughly 1.5cents USD. :O
If that's accurate, then hot damn I'm not about to complain! But if not, then by all means email me to re-negotiate dat shipping price. :J
The "Delivery Notification" page had apparently been truncated, so I'm not sure I saw the whole thing.
Emailing a purchase receipt would be really helpful.
Otherwise, site layout, product selection and prices all look hella tight. If this works out I foresee buying tons of things here over time and recommending to everyone I know. :O
EDIT: Got an email that the shipping price quotes were in fact malfunctioning, but 1kg for .2665BTC is still pretty decent for crossing the pacific. Looking forward to ordering more goods pending sampling the product. :D
@_date: 2013-09-10 23:49:30
I would vote that it is much safer to sweep a paper wallet into an existing one, given that the "import" procedure may have inadvertently compromised the private key in question.
@_date: 2013-03-02 00:46:11
To be fair, several detractors have done just that and the peanut gallery accuses them of "cherry picking".
I am pro BCS but just want to quantify these results as fairly as possible in order to have a data set which can really put the detractors finally in their place. :S
@_date: 2013-04-28 11:10:50
I know this much about the inner workings of bot. At present, it generates exactly one (1) bitcoin address for every reddit user it interacts with. It curates that address on behalf of the user, and can be controled by in-context and PM text commands. It can also export the private key into a Blockchain.info wallet that the associated reddit user can call up and then secure at their own pleasure; with the proviso that bot also has a copy of the private key and can thus carry on it's automated busywork of tipping as directed.
Every tip that you make is a full-blown blockchain transaction to the recipient's address (if they did not already have an address then one is created for them) and a ½mBTC mining fee is offered by the bot automatically per txn.
Bot does not internally keep any database of balances and allows the raw blockchain to do that work. As a result, bot does not have to detect deposits you make to said address nor out-of-band withdrawals you might make via exported wallet. It simply interacts with whatever balance is available on the address at time of each command.
**upshot**: yep, you can track via standard blockchain tools such as blockchain.info what happens to your money that you tip out. Simply look at the transactions associated with your deposit address and line those up with the tips you've directed. Then follow the address your money went to, and see if the recipient used it or if it just sat. Satoshidice gaming in particular ought to be perceptible as those betting addresses are all well known and among the few fitting a certain regex.
@_date: 2013-04-10 01:14:26
You can also use a service like the [Localbitcoins]( wallet, which they set up for trades by default. That way your funds are ready to release with the press of a button or an SMS over to the other trader's wallet. :3
@_date: 2013-09-15 06:49:03
yep, google "CNY per USD" says 6.12. That is the magnitude of difference between the absolute scalars of USD and CNY exchanges in OP's screenshot. :3
@_date: 2015-02-25 23:43:59
"If your only interest is being able to seamlessly send values electronically" then banks are already able to do that anyway, and only choose not to in the US due to combinations of being too lazy to update their settlement systems and forcing end-users to pay extra fees for services that cost the bank less than nothing to perform.
Cryptocurrency does not solve a problem any bank initially had, it solves the problem *of* banks by allowing us to instantly transfer value without their oligopolistic greed interceding.
@_date: 2015-02-05 05:28:14
Here, let me tell you my side of the story.
I'll start by listing a few things that nobody taught me and that nobody would have had an opportunity to prevent me from learning short of brutally changing how I lived my life:
* Arithmetic (Yes, I taught myself the basic four, exponentiation, and came *very close* to co-discovering trig)
* Computer Programming (Basic, C, C++, Assembly, etc. Pascal was the only thing they got to teach me in school but I already had 2 or 3 under my belt by then)
* Cryptography (Hell, I first learned about caesar ciphers from watching [Cynthia Darlow's music video on the subject]( in 1987. Is there some gender check against allowing the *women* on PBS to teach you something?)
* Basic TCP/IP networking (simple things like what's an IP, what's a port, what's a bytestream. I got a lot of my deeper intel from on-the-job training later, however)
I figured out arithmetic, cryptography and my first computer language at home, alone, with luddite parents, in a hick farming community in front of a TI-99/4a electronic babysitter. This was back in the 80's when My Little Pony was a television program that only appealed to girls.
I picked up additional computer languages and more advanced cryptography with the additional resources of school computers and library books, and worked out TCP/IP networking on public-access computers at college in the mid to late nineties. No training aside from that broadcast in books or on tv and eventually accessible online, no specific encouragement because to this *day* I still regularly interact with zero people IRL that even understand the edges of what I study. (I know *of* upwards of 3 of them, however! We just don't travel in the same social circles. xD)
Metric shit tons of discouragement and bullying, however. Hell I wound up disowning my own father in '98 over an argument at least partly related to "this computer bullshit will get you nowhere!"
But I prioritize what I love and what brings me joy to study over what is risk-free or what is going to get me instant social validation, and that lead me here.
So, to recap: what are coincidentally the precise prerequisites for grokking Satoshi's whitepaper?
I dug this hole using no shovels that women lack. I had to drag around just as many rocks as any woman would have had to (how many girls, even in the 80s, were physically assaulted for fitting the nerd stereotype, and/or for being non-social?). So whatever I have achieved represents my values and the sacrifices of my decisions, not my gender.
So why am I sitting here with thousands of men who tell similar stories (if it's not a TI then it's a commodore 64, on that point I am certainly a minority!), who share the values that brought me here, who share the sacrifices I've made, but there are virtually no women here? (Certainly absolutely zero telling a similar story, at any rate..)
But in lieu of women we get Feminists, and they tell us that *we* are oppressing women and the only proof needed is our gender statistic.
Apparently we sought intellectual ground that would bear fruit, and now that we've found it and begun to work it other people are beginning to agree about it's fruitfulness and starting to demand that we yield half the fruit to them. They're not going to work the land of course, they're not even going to pick up shovels like "learn how cryptography works". 
Nope, it's just "polish Bitcoin into a shiny product that women are less liable to scowl at". Basically, lock yourself into the gears of a product for the profit of other people because you don't "deserve" it like they do, and because they don't want to get their hands dirty in any of that "gear" business.
Nice coat you have there. Shame about the puddle I want to cross, though.
@_date: 2015-02-12 23:47:02
What do you mean *I* would be shocked? I *work* in security.
Security is absolutely about mitigating risk which can never be completely eliminated, and as much about fostering an environment of insurance and legal consequence to back up the front lines of data and control retention as it is about bolstering those front lines.
But it *is* about bolstering those front lines too, and it *is* unacceptable how unhygenic the average home PC is.
I would like a hater/troll (like you) to tell me precisely how personal computing, from desktop to tablet to smartphone to occulus is supposed to carry on it's path to human cybernetic interfaces without first changing it's data hygiene?
We are already making these appliances parts of our lives. We are depending on them as intermediaries of our most intimate and personal communications — with lovers, friends and families, employers, healthcare providers. We are relying on them to store our aggregate memories and personal moments.
All the same information that a criminal needs to perpetrate identity theft, blackmail, or extortion against us.. but that technological interdependence is inexorably going to grow stronger, with or without Bitcoin applications simply waiting for their own clean spaces to do their jobs.
If you hack the PC, then you can keylog the password. If you can also hack the phone, then you defeat the 2FA. A human being *cannot* maintain control over their networked identities or assets *in any way* (at least not once that's gained enough value to attack..) unless they can also rely on their computing devices to provide *at least some* degree of data hygiene.
I'll use an analogy: nobody can guarantee you perfect health and nobody is asking for that. But when you are sexually active you put yourself at great risk unless you practice safer sex techniques such as wearing a condom or getting thoroughly tested before fluid-bonding with somebody. You should also get vaccinated and shower regularly and wash your hands with soap after using the bathroom and consistently before handling foods and between different hazardous raw food types. You should also keep your living area uncluttered and not leave trash, especially food waste, out where it may mold or attract vermin.
Those *cultural* responsibilities we all take for granted today represent the difference between modern and early second millennium hygiene (Bubonic Plague, anyone?), and they *account* for a huge amount of the difference in life expectancy and disease control between then and now. Every one of those practices not only keeps *you* safe, but it also cultivates herd immunity. Yes, professional and governmental policies such as water treatment, powerful medicine and unspeakably well trained hospital staff are also important **but they would fight a losing battle without an aggregate personal responsibility for hygiene on the same team!**
All I am asking is why can we not expect the same with our electronic devices? Most of us keep a house well defended enough by law outside and locks and shuttered windows inside and renters or homeowners insurance on the contingency side to be comfortable storing five or six digits of cash and valuables in our homes. Why cannot we *expect* people to secure their PC's and Smartphones similarly, and support pro-security infrastructure to that end instead of settling for the cultural standard of [wallowing in our own fecal matter for entertainment](@_date: 2013-01-12 15:27:34
That's quite the old fogey paypal circlejerk they've got going on, there. :3
But you can't help those. For those people paypal bats a thousand, because they've never seen paypal turn sour on them yet.
They've also never had to use paypal to *accept* money in their lives before, so they don't know what fees, fraud, holds or chargebacks *even are*. It's easy to be too spoilt in these circumstances to pick up the responsibility over your own assets and fear Bitcoin, where some bank isn't doing all the hard work for you:
















These people don't like the buck stopping with them, plain and simple.
@_date: 2013-03-28 21:36:25
Yes, short of the power of these magical papers you speak of, you don't own anything you cannot personally defend. "Own" has little meaning outside of the contexts of legal (whereby you're always at the state's mercy) or practical.
@_date: 2013-03-08 19:29:02
I dunno of any, but you could always try pestering to see if he can make blockexplorer.com start working a little bit better. ;3 
@_date: 2013-06-27 19:20:12
What I'm actually curious about is what germ of a good idea you think you're seeing, or what brought you here in the first place.
In all honesty: if you find Bitcoin to be neither revolutionary nor disruptive (by way of speaking ill of whomsoever else may perceive it as such) then what point would it have had from the get go?
For example, there's no point in getting worked up about personal computers in 1980 if you're convinced they'll never grow in sophistication or adoption beyond that level. They were barely over-glorified typewriters at that point. But whether that technology were to really prosper or not, I am curious who walks into a computer club in 1980 and heckles everyone optimistic enough to see a day where every home will have a PC. õ_O
@_date: 2013-11-08 23:46:51
Paying your bitcoin to people who are buying in with cash isn't a huge problem compared to paying merchants in exchange for a good or service. That can never work until closed economic loops develop, which just hasn't happened yet.
The merchant will always eventually have to cash back out into USD to pay their suppliers, mortgage, taxes etc in the current ecosystem, and the longer they hold coin the greater currency fluctuation risk they face. Bitcoin may go to the moon but if it spends a quarter 90% devalued from when the merchant obtained it it can still drive them out of business. Merchants are in an ill position to gamble on currency markets with their primary revenue streams.
So I think it's the wrong place to put pressure on Bitcoin holders to avoid cashing out to fiat, or to place pressure on merchants to accept BTC payments. I think the right place for pressure is to develop more closed economic loops (eg, focus on wholesale BTC use instead of retail). :3
@_date: 2013-01-28 05:37:35
Guaranteed odds in favor of the house, bro. Do you even Math? &amp;
@_date: 2013-03-08 20:50:39
Bitcoin: Cash out via ACH at [Bitfloor]( [Coinbase]( [Bitme]( [FastCash4Bitcoins]( just off the top of my head. Money in account in 3 days. Also [local exchange]( available in most parts of the world for faster turnaround.
Paypal: Cash out via ACH, money in account in 3 days. Find somebody to clear that for you locally, then you get to chargeback scam them: so good luck.
@_date: 2013-04-04 05:38:03
Bah, who wastes hands on the margaritas? That's (among the) robo-dame's responsibilities. :B
@_date: 2013-02-21 22:35:24
Curious, do your girls also offer other services such as 1:many shows for cheaper? 
Just making sure if there's something for everybody, lol. :3
@_date: 2015-02-25 23:48:45
They do not understand that "distributed ledger technology" offers absolutely zero benefits over the tech they already have at their disposal (EG, Oracle database replication at the head of a very long line of high availability, centrally controlled ledger solutions) aside from *removing* the central bank's control over the currency and/or payment system.
Next Kim Jong Un will start researching how to utilize Democracy and Free Speech without relinquishing any political control or allowing the masses to say anything unapproved.
@_date: 2015-02-04 23:03:09




This kind of, sort of suggests to me that there *exists* security implications to a bank's transactional data. One of a thousand points I was being kind to you by not even bringing up. So let's try a choose-your-own-adventure game.
Is international banking ready to allow read-only access to 100% of global settlement transactions to 100% of it's member organizations?
* If yes, then you don't have to create a new Oracle user because you can just re-use a read-only account and call it done, and you don't have any security issues to begin with.
* If no, then BitcoinD cannot help you because it *requires* that 100% pedigree of all coins be published to 100% of participants in order to function. Game over.






Er.. if your BitcoinD solution is simply "run a full node" then why isn't your Oracle solution also to "run a full node"? You already told me that software licence requirements did not factor significantly into the cost, and the amount of traffic you need to replicate an Oracle node is not any greater than the amount of traffic you need to keep a BitcoinD node up to date (in fact, until reverse bloom filters are finished Oracle wins by at least an order of magnitude here..).
So if your report is too complicated and takes down a node, it's just your node. Guess what happens when you want to pull too much data from Bitcoind? When you run out of RAM or fill an important drive? Yeah, the node goes down.
Or, if the way you want to cook the data is "too complicated" (EG: if you want anything at all besides a long list of unspent outputs to encoded addresses) then instead of just relying on Oracle and a DBA to do the heavy lifting that a thousand bankers have done before you, you have to re-invent what it means to even be a DBA and write software to post-process that data for you.
From scratch.
Every time.
And if you mess up or underestimate a tight loop, you are still taking down the node.
Hell, most people would probably just **import said data into a database to get it formatted**. You know, that's what any professional Bitcoin business today does.
@_date: 2015-02-10 04:41:05


You are putting words in my mouth. Where do I say women get paid more for the same work?


As a point of fact, why are you even bringing up getting hired? Is this something I ever even obliquely referred to? I brought up "using the employment department" in one analogy, but it's was an *analogy* to try to describe for the fifth time how an Alternate Inducement can reduce a population's representation in refining skills, marketable or not.


Back to "elephant in the room you refuse to discuss" time, then. We are apparently just going to ignore marrying into an income or state welfare, which accounts for over a third of women's aggregate lifestyle funding in the United States and well more than half in less developed countries. How much of men's aggregate lifestyle funding comes from those sources? Anywhere near as much as getting room and board *from prison* by any chance? Because I very much doubt that.
No, our primary topic has nothing directly to do with employment. It is about using or learning to use *Bitcoin*, and that's where your poorly placed sword always seems to turn. **Nobody has to hire you** to use Bitcoin. **Nobody has to pay you a salary** to use or study crypto, or even play non-casual video games for that matter. These are *avocations* that people do simply because they are passionate about the subject or even just desire to be on the right side of evolving technology.


Here, allow me to skip by boys getting the same parental pushback and worse bullying for being a nerd than most girls could ever even dream of and focus on the brightest spot I just mentioned out of the avocation metric: non-casual video games.
Who, on God's green Earth, are you suggesting **supports, motivates, or encourages** youth **of either gender** to play video games?!? Some parents will treat them like a babysitter (which is less encouragement and more lesser of two evils), some parents will treat them like demonic possession.. yet a huge segment of boys from any kind of household or background will approach pre-meditated murder just to get to play them. My parents don't let me play them? Fine, I'll go to my friend's house and spend 90% of my time there.
Girls grow up in the same households with the same game consoles plugged into the same television sets that they already fight successfully to watch their favorite cartoons on. Are you suggesting they receive some especially chilling demotivation from interacting with that medium that the boys are somehow missing? Parents smack their girls harder than their boys for popping in Tomb Raider or Metroid or Scribblenauts or even Animal Crossing or Pokemon?
@_date: 2015-02-02 20:52:31
In the meantime, has Karples worked out a settlement of which we are not aware?
@_date: 2013-01-24 22:35:10
That's because **of** ewallets, cold storage and the function of change addresses.
Sig heil?
@_date: 2013-07-17 23:37:58
wait, [how do you know my pw](
@_date: 2013-08-26 21:17:48
That thinking only applies to static customer bases. Bitcoin merchant service providers' goals focus more on converting new customers to accepting bitcoin to begin with, and less on cannibalizing the industry by stealing customers from other providers. :P
@_date: 2013-02-18 05:20:05
I've done this to purchase just short of $2,000 in Bitcoin in early Feb, and it took about 4 hours hanging around the counter and calling Moneygram over the red phone about a dozen times trying to work everything out. One problem is they max out at $500 buy in, so I was handling four orders. Next problem is three of the orders were for the same amount ($500) and Moneygram malfunctions when you try to pass more than one order for the same amount to the same company (zipzap).
And finally, of course, even at maximal volumes the fees worked out to about 6%.
For large volume transfers, face to face is the best way. :P
@_date: 2013-02-10 07:47:57
For low fees, have a look at [BitMe]( The transfer limits are low like coinbase, but turnaround is much faster and fraud should be less of an issue since you're making cash deposits at Chase.
[BitFloor]( is another good option if you either deposit via bank wire (cheap for $1000usd+ volumes) or ING direct.
@_date: 2013-03-27 01:42:04
Bitcoin addresses are already hashes over the public key for basically this reason, and original whitepaper as well as common wisdom recommends that users do not re-use addresses, instead endorsing a unique address for every single transaction.
Following that wisdom, perhaps using a deterministic wallet for ease of organization and to prevent the size of your wallet from bloating too badly, would serve exactly the same purpose as what you propose and defeat a majority of the analysis attacks mentioned in linked article.
OTOH adding an extra layer of hash would simply lead to people defeating their own anonymity by re-using the same ultimate hash in each transaction, putting us back at square one.
@_date: 2013-04-07 23:38:02
Well, my recommendation is whatever wealth you have, do your best to focus on building value that benefits everyone instead of focusing only on what returns you'll specifically get. You should try to get a return, but ideally on value from the growing system and not from just selling to the next sucker. :J
I don't recommend investment in Litecoin by people who cannot justify it's superiority over Bitcoin, but I also don't recommend investment in Bitcoin by people who cannot personally express it's benefits over other options like fiat or precious metals. I think wherever you put your money, you've a responsibility to understand and have the capacity to explain the viability of your platform or you're running the risk of losing the wealth to forces you by definition don't understand.
So congratulations on your returns, condolences to whoever offered them to you in the event that they don't see returns next, and best of luck finding better and better ways to grow your estate. :D
@_date: 2013-03-09 11:19:27
My blockchain folder is only about 7GB, so I can help you to safely pare it down to that size.
1. use BitcoinQT to back up your encrypted wallet file to somewhere safe *outside* the bitcoin directory. You should be consistently backing this up offsite already, so.. if not then START DOING THAT. If so, just make sure you have a completely up to date copy. :3
Once your wallet is confirmed safe outside of Bitcoin folder (not my responsibility if you're working on the wrong folder or not testing your backups or whatever and wind up deleting your only good copy) then delete or move away the bitcoin folder.
Uninstall BitcoinQT and re-install at least version 0.8.0. You say your version is already up to date? How cute. Just get the fresh version already (paranoidparrot.jpg).
Install BitcoinQT 0.8.0. Once the app is running and announcing that it's grabbing a fresh copy of the blockchain, close it.
Delete the empty wallet.dat in that bitcoin folder (double check it's size is &lt;100kb for safety) and replace it with your wallet.dat backup.
Re-run BitcoinQT and give it up to 8 hours to redownload the whole blockchain.
Once it's up to date, you should be back at 7GB.
@_date: 2013-01-24 22:38:48
I'm not saying I disagree, I'm just saying that I don't see what stops a land deed from being passed about in similar fashion to an anonymous currency, if The State is not requiring it's transactions to be declared.
@_date: 2013-01-31 00:38:33
Yeah, it's just a question of "Does any specific instance of government regulation serve to bind a market so that it's not free, or compensate for a broken element somewhere in order to guarantee freedom?" 
The reason I left libertarianism behind is because I perceive that there are human activities that our present market technology is nowhere close to being able to economize, such as violence, certain public services, public welfare and the nash equilibrium of monopoly and oligopoly strangling industries. 
As a businessperson I chose to neglect short term gains which would harm my industry (local internet service) but people who decide not to make that choice in a free market can still gain inexorable marketshare and put all competitors out of business, and then once competition is gone they can gouge the customers who shortsightedly put them in that position to begin with. I agree that government regulation to break up such logjams is a noisesome business, but I perceive no better method to maintain that balance at present. I cling to the hope that one day a technological system with breathtaking balance similar to Bitcoin itself may achieve such an end, but until then.. *shrugs*
@_date: 2013-06-03 21:35:00
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:
* No referral links in submissions.
* No compilations of free Bitcoin sites.
@_date: 2013-02-19 03:11:52
wait, hunh?
I'm talking about charging the performer a surcharge per viewer. :3  I don't think that would negatively impact viewer participation in games or splurging.
@_date: 2013-02-13 04:48:24
[Welcome to Costco!]( :D
@_date: 2013-08-20 02:23:40


Nope. That's the point, MtGox has inflated exchange rate only because you cannot reliably withdraw from it *at all*.
Only reliable way to get money out of gox is to convert it back to bitcoin (destroying the high exchange price) and withdraw the bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-02-28 01:22:09
Why wouldn't they? The Truth, WL is in the business of telling it. :P
@_date: 2013-01-19 02:27:45
I've bought and sold plenty there. Sold a EEEpc, bought and sold steam games and coupons. 
I'd really love to see them deploy a "Want to Buy" section, myself. Something like Julian's famous amazon wishlist. ;3
@_date: 2013-01-13 04:11:43
Bank holds your funds in 2-of-2 escrow is a good business model.
Then attackers would have to compromise both you and the bank (or commit identity theft against you which is always a bank-related attack surface, in concert with hacking your personal wallet) just to get at the funds.
That would be more secure than personally secured cold wallet AND more secure than a bank holding either your BTC or your fiat. :Q_
@_date: 2013-02-17 03:50:04
NFC doesn't need a camera. I think it's for the QR code. :3
@_date: 2013-03-21 12:58:29
Meeting somebody under the table to buy their goods or services in exchange for silver coin is no different from meeting somebody on tor to spend Bitcoin. In neither case will the government know the transaction happened unless at least one of the parties obediently reports the transaction.
Aside from ease of transmitting at a distance, Bitcoin is no more anonymous than any previous form of cash. Thus, it's tax implications are no different. 
@_date: 2013-04-09 19:51:27
Yep, many miners do specifically boycott satoshi dice. Luke Jr went so far as to offer a source code patch to mining software that explicitly targets satoshi dice addresses to be ignored when mining a block.
But there's nothing mandatory about said patch, and it's certainly not released as a default configuration so a great many miners allow SD also, and your transaction will likely just take a little time to confirm. :3
@_date: 2013-08-30 23:48:00
With bitcoin, they show me a QR code. I scan that on my phone, enter a tip there if I choose, and mash "go". Then I walk away.
* Merchant *cannot* overcharge me, because my phone said the amount and I didn't send a satoshi more than that. Rogue employees? Not a problem.
* Conversion to fiat doesn't matter, I can do this all displaying USD currency units and merchant can get my payment converted to that exact fiat amount instantly by their merchant provider (such as bips, bitpay, coinbase). This entire process, end to end, costs them 0-1% whereas Credit Cards cost 3-5%; or 8% plus if I'm not from this country and my CC balance has to be converted from one fiat currency to another.
* Nobody has to wait for confirmations unless they are highly concerned that the buyer will perform a complicated and expensive 0-spend attack against Coinbase in the middle of his meal. Should buyers somehow manage this, it's exactly as traumatic as somebody just dining and ditching (which is a lot less effort, btw) or somebody telling their bank their credit card was stolen. In all above cases, merchant simply doesn't get paid. But with Bitcoin, buyer fraud is much, much harder... even with zero confirmations.
Your complaints of "this is too complicated" were made by your parents or grandparents in the 70's when people tried to first sell them on credit cards. "I pull out my cash, they give me change, I walk out. You're making me sign receipts, and write fiddly numbers, what if nobody has a pen? hmm?"
@_date: 2013-03-02 00:59:07
That's enough to satisfy me then. Thank you, good sir! :D
+tip 10mbtc
@_date: 2013-06-14 20:46:07
Did you have a PC anywhere already logged into coinbase, such that malware on said PC could have issued the withdrawal request even when you were not at keyboard?
Check your Coinbase account to see if anyone has silently activated an API key (meant for scripted access and such) or any merchant services.
And of course, all speculation aside, any data you can share back with us in the community (I would also recommend saying something on the [bitcointalk.org]( forums) will be invaluable to other people who may face similar malicious theft.
Good luck, guy! D:
@_date: 2013-04-29 22:05:00
First thing I can tell you.
Moar paragraphs. Need to break up the text or my eyes recoil and refuse to tread there. ;3
Good luck, sir!
@_date: 2013-01-06 23:57:13
Well all you've done is rephrase the entire profit question of mining. Anybody who can exchange bitcoin for fiat OTC or at an exchange will only mine if/when they can do that more cheaply.
But since differing circumstances for differing people will change the answer to this question, let me just recap some of the important variables. :D
* Buying ASICs today involve trusting in the competence, timeliness and all around non-criminal intentions of whichever of the few providers are advertising today. There is a non-zero chance you'll either be throwing your down investment down a hole, or getting back equipment either too late to do you any good or of too poor quality to actually use.
* Unless you pay less than average electricity costs, your mining can never outpace the exchange rate for very long. This is because, even though ASICs are incredibly power efficient compared to what people today mine with, once ASICs are out everyone will begin to mine with those driving you back against the price wall of electricity. The benefit you gain from being an early adopter will be short lived, and you'd better hope that small oasis pays back your equipment investment. But OTOH if you get power really cheap, and you have the competence required to mine then there are no reasons not to milk that in whichever tech gets the job done. :)
* Mining represents the ultimate, unstoppable Bitcoin value exchange: Anyone, anywhere with access to electricity and meager internet access can *always* earn Bitcoins in exchange for electricity using whatever compute power is available. The equation of whether or not that's the best option is always dependent on whether that is cheaper than *you* exchanging fiat for bitcoin. In especially remote, financially under-represented or oppressive areas it may very well be worth exchanging $100usd "worth" of electricity for 1 $13.50usd bitcoin.. just because you can't get them any other way, thus your local BTC value would honestly be distorted to ~$100usd/BTC, and being the only game in town you could resell them to whoever else wants them at that rate, effectively repegging your own local currency on the black market.
@_date: 2013-02-28 01:30:29
True, but he got a good snapshot of it happening at least. x3
@_date: 2013-01-25 00:33:00
No, what I mean by "I'm dirt poor" is that all of my worldly savings represent only a fraction of my annual income (which closely matches my annual expenses), and even in this circumstance it takes pretty much the same fraction of the year for for the oldest pennies put into my possession to cycle back out of my possession. My wealth does not thrash particularly much. So if this were all expressed in one bitcoin wallet, most of my unspent inputs would look a good portion of the year old.. even when you consider all of the needs of my family flowing through those coffers. If I split my money into a hot and cold wallet, then it would be a fraction of my wealth cycling approximately once per 6 weeks and another fraction taking potentially years to cycle.
Yet all accounts are constantly engaged in commerce, so is that hoarding?
@_date: 2013-01-29 00:57:35
For the most part I like this, but I think it presupposes that the audience understands inflation.
Otherwise we'll wind up with mouthbreathers getting excited about seeing all the benjamins printed out, and wondering if you're trying to sell them a money machine. &gt;.&lt;
@_date: 2013-02-15 13:16:55
Unfortunately, people who choose weak passphrases for brainwallets are at risk.
The best solution is to randomly generate a passphrase from 256+ bits of entropy, render that in [memorable dictionary words]( and then memorize the long, silly-ass phrase. 
[256 bits of entropy]( is LITERALLY safe from brute forcing, forever. :P
@_date: 2013-03-12 02:30:37
The coins should go through normally, but the devs urge you to be cautious about moving coins for the next few hours while all of the drama gets sorted out. During a fork, people stand a better chance of performing double spend attacks or confusing people running clients on the wrong end of the fork.
Just sit tight, and all your coins will confirm at their rightful locations shortly. :3
@_date: 2013-03-20 19:15:32
Looks like zero as of the posting, but "active" means it was sending and receiving money as of 1 hour prior to the post.
In a rush, I mistook account as having a balance initially, luckily it was zero at time of post.. but warning OP not to plan to re-use is still valuable. :3
@_date: 2013-06-06 20:09:15
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:
* Do not use URL shortening services: always submit the real link.
This applies to blogspam as well. You do not host the entire article content at your domain, you force readers to click through to the real source. In that circumstance we do require you to post the real source.
@_date: 2013-09-04 23:12:35
I don't see anywhere on the page where they mention bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-08-22 04:58:18
It's also possible the video is new and by saying "while the value of outstanding bitcoins is over $2bil" they mean the market cap of all existing coins *plus* those to be mined in the future..
@_date: 2013-03-30 10:58:42
The specific examples of "can" and "cannot" are accurate. But another danger is miners, with or without heavy hashpower, simply mining empty blocks or only mining their own transactions in order to harm the rest of the network. [Gavin posted this write-up]( on a potential defense against that. :3
@_date: 2013-07-22 20:59:17
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
For trades, I'd recommend @_date: 2013-10-31 16:28:18
Do you just .. go to subreddit all day and open up the first article asking "WTF is xyz?"
Try here: 
@_date: 2013-03-19 21:35:18
.. not mentioned in the article.
* News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news.
@_date: 2013-02-05 16:06:00
Well the A-bomb example is a fine one. As soon as one party has prepared A-bombs to launch, the window of time and space to stop them is too small for the opponents to be in any way likely ready with their offering. 
@_date: 2013-11-13 19:22:03
I don't see why that wouldn't help. Sell drugs on EvilMarket.onion, tumble coins so that now you're holding coins in address X that nobody can trace back to EvilMarket. Send coins from address X to your ID verified address. Spend coins from there at Walmart.com.
Even if Walmart has to KYC what address they got their coins from they can't coerce individuals into doing the same.
@_date: 2013-02-05 02:24:26
/me chuckles, after 2009 what good is a credit score? xD
@_date: 2013-02-26 20:46:25
The next problem with Bitcoin and sustained siege is that if the value per BTC drops back to pennies while it has any dedicated attacker, then we'll shed all our for-profit miners leaving only hobbyists to fend off 51% attacks and similar.
@_date: 2013-03-08 03:20:49
I stopped reading at paragraph 2:


At the time of this writing one Bitcoin is worth $42.98, so with correct computations currently worth $2,149 a pop there's plenty of motivation to start crunching numbers.
The block reward hasn't been 50 bitcoins since Nov 2012, which was the first block reward halving. Now it's 25 bitcoins. But the article can't be old since it cites the USD conversion rate $42.98/btc. Bitcoin's never broken $40 until yesterday, and it's roughly $42.98 as I type this, so the article literally came off the presses this broken.
I also ctrl-F looking for the word "ASIC" and see nothing.
Article does not advertise "the simplest way to mine bitcoins". Article is wasting your time because as of today 35 trillion operations per second are being expended by the global mining network to fight over 3600BTC in block rewards (plus another 40-60BTC in fees) per day, and even with the fastest known graphics cards you're not going to account for more than a few hundred million hashes per second yourself which translates to ~0.03btc, or $1usd per 24 hours continuous operation on a computer you don't use for any other purposes.
Pop quiz: how much power will your AMD 6990 suck down running at 100% for 24 hours? More than $1? More than several dollars? :P
Mining has become an economy of scale, and professional miners use specialized equipment like FPGAs and ASICs to get the job done. This article is as terribly misleading as a tutorial on how to climb the freeway onramp and change lanes on rollerskates.
@_date: 2013-01-18 22:34:51
Bitcents went for $0.14 4 days ago, though. :P
@_date: 2013-04-27 11:06:51
.. and there's no record *of where it came from*.
There is a permanent record of the transaction. That record includes the bare minimum identifier a transactional record can possibly have of the counterparties involved: account pseudonyms. But the record does not explicitly identify either source or destination party. :3
@_date: 2013-02-01 12:19:08
Google Plane. :P
@_date: 2013-02-17 02:55:41


Awww. D:
So what you're saying is that I cannot purchase his services with my Bitcoin unless I convert it to USD and then back to Bitcoin again? This stinks. ;P
@_date: 2013-06-06 20:10:06
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:
* Do not use URL shortening services: always submit the real link.
This applies to blogspam as well. You do not host the entire article content at your domain, you force readers to click through to the real source. In that circumstance we do require you to post the real source.
@_date: 2013-03-12 12:22:47


[Riiight]( :J
@_date: 2013-05-23 00:12:59
I don't follow what this comment is getting at, and wouldn't mind hearing it explained with a little more detail.
My understanding is that commodities in general and money in particular must have the property of [Fungibility]( which means that one dollar should always have the same value as the next dollar, at any snapshot in time. The real value of one unit of a commodity will fluctuate over time, and the perceived value to any given consumer will vary wildly depending on circumstance (including the case that saving money is an operation of sacrificing the opportunity to spend money now in preference to spending it at a later date; meaning you privately value the purchasing power of that money more later than you do today)
But unless you're invoking some other interpretation of "time value of money" I don't see how describing that bank runs are impossible with full reserve is tantamount to denying it.
@_date: 2013-04-01 14:34:34
Finney attacks are cheaper against litecoin because faster confirmation times mean relatively lower difficulty, so you can mine rogue blocks more frequently. This would be offset by the narrower window of opportunity to play an attack, but since the best Finney targets are already time sensitive processes the window of attack never matters. EG, if it's common for the transaction type to drag on more than the confirmation time then everyone would be waiting for 1-conf already.
Race attacks can be well deterred by spending a sub-confirmation period of time, such as 10-20 seconds inspecting mempool of as many nodes as you can access.  A poor-man's approach to this is just checking Blockchain.info's doublespend queue shortly after the payment is tendered.
In either of these cases the attack is more expensive to mount than ROI from most low-cost transactions. For example, manipulating 10% of mining power is a hell of an expensive route to scamming buy 9 get the 10th free coupons out of vending machines.
Add to this the double-spend potential of lower conf's extra orphans, and you're no better off than you started.
@_date: 2013-05-25 07:44:16
Frozenlock is correct, this submission is duplicate.
@_date: 2013-01-22 01:09:07
/me rifles through the meeting notes for a moment before asking "What's a Micon"? Is this Bryan Micon, of Seals with Clubs?
I am confyuse. x3
@_date: 2013-04-28 02:47:16
Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
Try maybe? :3
@_date: 2013-09-07 02:21:33
[Irony, much?](@_date: 2013-02-25 23:37:42


@_date: 2013-04-07 22:52:50
If that advantage is so big, just switch to CosbyCoins. 1 picosecond average block schedule, but 99.999999% stales. We get so many million forks per second that frankly both the miners stopped even trying to maintain the same head. But you get confirmation in the blink of an eye (assuming merchants are paying attention to the same blockchain, or even the same currency..) so *by definition* it must be superior to Litecoin, yes? :D


-- Cleo McDowell, *Coming to America*
@_date: 2013-03-02 00:42:03
Well, the first thing I would do is bring up the fact that Bitcoin allows you no control over receipt, and ask if the prosecution can demonstrate the accused *sending* money to known terrorists. That would be a lot more actionable.
Government could ignore or handwave past that, but they could ignore or handwave past anything really. You can only fight forensic interpretations of evidence with superior forensic interpretations, and propaganda with truth.
@_date: 2013-05-08 06:01:07
Yep [WHCMS]( looks about right to me too, do we know if Bitpay or Coinbase integrates with it?
@_date: 2013-02-21 22:33:16
You should use [Lastpass]( or similar instead of relying on browser's in-built password mismanager. ;3
@_date: 2013-08-15 00:09:33
I found two copies of your submission stuck in the spam filter, so I approved the other one and marked this one as duplicate.
If anything, [the other one]( has the prettier url. Ooh, not to mention the other one got comments somehow. (spam filter must not have been immediate?)
In either case, my apologies for the delay. :3
@_date: 2013-01-30 22:42:13
Well, to be perfectly honest, if you buy coins for someone else and have to wait for their payment to come through you *do* face a conflict of interest when a week later the payment arrives but the goods have increased in value 30%; because if you chose to cancel the payment for ambiguous reasons and sell the asset back off on the market you'll make 30% more than you would honoring the original transaction.
That doesn't mean the cons of negative customer PR shouldn't outweigh the pros of ripping said customer off as covertly as possible, it just means there is a conflict of interest: the value of positive customer PR really gets put to the test in a way we prefer it wouldn't have had to. :S
@_date: 2013-05-02 22:27:35
Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere. Take it to or please.
@_date: 2013-03-18 04:03:00
It's not, it is spam. :(
@_date: 2013-02-16 01:30:52
Casascius gives them something to chew on, though. :J
@_date: 2013-05-07 07:54:04
OP's operation [Minecraft BitVegas]( started showing all balances in mBTC denomination months back. They are presently encouraging others to follow suit, and explaining what benefits that may offer the broader ecosystem.
@_date: 2013-04-30 01:26:13
Don't know times 3.
Also, please see our community rules in the sidebar:


@_date: 2013-07-18 06:37:33
Simple. If LBC is too expensive for your tastes, then post and put everyone in your area out of business with your silky low rates and eat all their volume. I mean come on, that's what I do. ;3
Trade the coins on the backend on Coinbase. Offer both buys and sells, and move coins in the opposite direction the instant a buy order is placed to nullify any volatility. Then you do nothing but make profit on your thin margins in return for meeting up with folks in person to transact with them.
LBC is literally no more expensive than *we* make it, brah. :3
@_date: 2013-04-29 21:21:36
Please see our community rules in the sidebar.
No compilations of free Bitcoin sites.
Bear in mind, entire parent thread was removed for the same violation, so you're not being singled out or anything. :J
@_date: 2013-02-18 15:25:39
Avalon: 0 emails, Walletbit: 3 emails, and Avalon's page says my order is canceled. &gt;.&lt;
@_date: 2013-02-18 12:28:53
Well, which info?
They could see the transaction code number on the screen, and the dollar amount exchanged. They could look up that transaction and see your too and from address.
It's not like private keys are visible here, are they? :J
@_date: 2013-03-06 00:22:40
Last time I tried looking into Litecoin there seemed to be very shallow informational or market support. BTC-e is nice and all (I'm already investigating using them to deposit USD to purchase BTC, so .. :B)
For example, I couldn't find any charts on historical price, market cap, hash rate, profitability calculators, block explorers, the sorts of tools which we've grown to view as basic necessities in the Bitcoin ecosystem.
@_date: 2013-10-23 21:10:06
Yep, when we started offering commercial service in 2004 it was also wifi fed off of engenius or Cisco commercial wifi routers connected to external sector antennas and received by engenius SOHO routers wrapped up in weatherproof boxes with built in flat panels (called "roo-tennas" :3 )
@_date: 2013-03-20 03:51:29
VirWox recently (as of beginning of March, in fact) allow trades in increments of 0.1BTC and trade minimum of 0.5BTC.
@_date: 2013-08-30 23:51:41
yeah.... Iunno if I want to eat a plate of spaghetti or tip over a glass of chardonnay over a Microsoft surface table, though. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-10 23:17:47


.. then you can't mine. That is a basic prerequisite of being a miner, and also of being a first class member of the Bitcoin decentralized network at all. When you run a full node, you can be 100% assured with zero trust in any forces outside of your node what your balances are, what every address' balances are and whether a certain spend of interest to you is valid after a number of confirmations which suit your needs.
It is one of the fundamental underpinnings of the bitcoin network that membership as a full node should not surpass the reach of fairly ordinary computers and internet connections. Today we're seeing blocks reaching and just beginning to exceed 250kb in size every 10 minutes. If you assume redundant transaction transmission, that's 500kb of payload data per 10 minutes or less than 1kb per second. Double or treble that and dial-up modems are still perfectly comfortable operating as full nodes at today's transaction volume.
The current blocksize is only 1MB, or 2-3kbps and OP is recommending that we *keep* that. How would throttling the number of allowable transactions per block swamp anybody's bandwidth?
@_date: 2013-03-06 01:28:25
What people say about interfacing Bitcoin and Paypal being sketchy is only half true. It mostly impacts the people who want to *buy* Bitcoin using paypal, since the risk of buyer fraud (buyers reversing via paypal after they get their irreversible Bitcoins) is quite high to any seller.
To sell Bitcoin and get Paypal is pretty straightforward on the other hand, just because it's easier for centralized sellers to maintain a reputation in the community than it is for every fresh-faced buyer. ;3
My go-to paypal sellout plumbing is through Tangible Cryptography's site [FastCash4Bitcoins]( You cannot send to *another* person's paypal address that way, it's against this seller's ToS and all, but sending to your own paypal account is both fast and fairly inexpensive. :3
If speed and/or simple setup isn't your primary concern and you'd like to maximize your USD returns (eg, ~$42 instead of ~$39 for your 1BTC), I'd recommend [Bitfloor]( instead. They are a self-contained exchange currently experiencing a seller's advantage for some reason; people there are buying $2 above spot price today. Once you've deposited BTC with them, and traded to USD you can withdraw via bank ACH straight to your bank account, which takes 1-3 days.
Good luck, sir! I trust one day you'll have the opportunity to check out ways you can spend BTC directly for goods and services with no USD involved at all, but for the time being I think it will help a lot for you to see that it's liquid enough to send through a forum comment and only mildly challenging to convert from there to the USD you are accustomed to. :D
@_date: 2013-03-21 20:16:42
You can use Litecoin on Silkroad? õ_O
It was my understanding that Litecoin was presently only used as a "me too" speculative vehicle.
@_date: 2013-08-01 12:53:40
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
I might recommend @_date: 2013-02-13 06:22:26
My understanding that undercuts stateless society ideas like the one presented here is that violence distorts market forces.
For example, what happens when a "rights enforcement agency" in one area monopolizes and enslaves the populace of that area, turning into a feudal, mercantile sort of arrangement? If people lack the power to communicate with other agencies, or lack the power to defend their assets against the local bullies in order to hire other agencies, then how can they get justice?
On a smaller scale, what of children, the elderly or infirm? How can they maintain justice against their caretakers, if the caretakers — as the only local parties who can viably raise and maintain control over funds — get to vote-with-their-money on the law they are under they would have a conflict of interest to vote for laws that benefit them at the detriment of their charges.
I'm basically concerned that this approach presupposes that wealth is generated by and remains in the hands of those who need it in order to purchase justice, regardless that injustice (whenever it occurs) often has the side effect of enriching the criminal and the corrupt thus further empowering their criminal enterprise.
@_date: 2013-04-26 12:36:49
Yeah, thing is that's probably the same people behind the DDoS. :P
@_date: 2013-04-18 19:35:42
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere. Maybe try @_date: 2013-04-04 20:32:38
interesting innuendo. :o
Also, you look shadowbanned. D:  When I try to view your reddit profile it gives 404
@_date: 2013-01-15 22:57:53
First suggestion (because it's way cheaper than using BitInstant's CVS approach) is to try [BitMe]( They allow you to deposit USD at any Chase bank branch if you have one nearby, and the fees are far lower than BitInstant/Moneygram.
You start an account there, and they don't require anything more personal than your email address. Just use a throw-away email address if that's something you're concerned about. On their website, go through the process to deposit USD. They will give you the chase bank account number to deposit to, and the amount to deposit (usually a few cents off of your requested deposit account in order to make it unique so that they know who to credit) and then print that page off and go to chase. Deposit cash into that bank account. Bitme will credit your USD balance so you can trade it for BTC usually within an hour. Cash deposit is free, limit trades only cost 0.6%. That is some fast and cheap bidness, right there. :D
Second suggestion. If you don't have a nearby Chase branch or some other thing keeps you from using Bitmit, then go ahead with your BitInstant idea. Note: you cannot just walk into CVS and wave $15 at them. You have to START on the [BitInstant]( website and generate a deposit slip that you print out. You then bring that deposit slip to CVS and follow it's instructions. BitInstant partners with companies called MoneyGram and ZipZap to provide this connection to your local CVS branch, and they all take their fees. I believe you'll pay 4.9% fee to BitInstant plus a $3.95 fixed fee to Moneygram/Zipzap, so have at least $20 on you when going this route.
Third suggestion. Fukkitol, you can paypal me $15 flat and I'll send you 1.0BTC. Just IM me the bitcoin address you want to receive at and I'll IM you may paypal handle to send the $15 to, and then I'll send you a BTC on receipt of paypal funds. In my experience these volumes are low enough I am not likely to see any paypal chargebacks over it, and if you're more interested in getting the transaction over with than in exploring all the exotic plumbing options out there then this should get you started at least.
@_date: 2013-02-16 12:32:59
Is the "personal" vs "business" distinction as important as the volume of loss involved?
If some individual buys $10k worth of Bitcoin and then is forced to sell them off for $1k, would that be non-deductible just because they didn't file the purchase or sale under a business name? ;3
@_date: 2013-03-16 13:40:22
Maybe they should duplicate that service then? :o
@_date: 2013-01-26 06:33:06
Too bad it's so hard to pitch to the bread and circuses crowd, though. That's who banks and VISA/Paypal court. Specifically, make the merchant pay all fees to cover potential buyers loss to other fraudulent merchants, and then don't protect merchants from buyer fraud. 8I
@_date: 2013-01-29 21:59:20
Lols, you spend a moment trying to think of a funny BTC denominated amount bald pawn guy could quote, then realize that makes a perfectly decent tip amount too.
Good times. :D
@_date: 2013-02-17 05:06:52
The easiest comparison to Bitcoin Proof of Work is the minting and anti-counterfeiting process that goes into a United States Dollar Bill or Coin.
It is very expensive to make one of these bills or coins, and a ton of effort is flat out wasted on purpose. You press the coin with thousands of tons per square inch of pressure. You add filigree and complex, difficult to reproduce designs to the face. You make the paper bill out of special cloth with colored fibers and watermarks. The mint is thousands of times more expensive per square foot of bill than a magazine house.
All of this effort is basically "wasted" expense, but the sacrifice means that nobody else can create a counterfeit certificate without sinking at least a [matching amount of expense](
Bitcoin's proof of work works the same way. Miners/Bookkeepers around the globe "waste" expensive computational resources to find a hash solution, and then anyone who checks the hash solution can tell that it would take a global network our size an average of 10 minutes to have found it. As a result, you can reasonably assume that that was the source of the document, because it would cost millions (and eventually billions) of dollars for any adversary to find a similar hash with which to authenticate a *single* fraudulent document or transaction.
This is true without having to trust any potentially corruptible government or certifying authority or notarizing body. Just math.
Nobody knows of any way to achieve a comparable effect without first sacrificing those computer resources, for which Bookkeepers get remunerated in a combination of newly minted coin and transaction fees. :3
@_date: 2015-02-01 00:30:18
So you are telling me that cars travel at double the previous model's velocity *every eighteen months*, which was my *very precise* statement of something they did not do, or are you just making up bullshit?
Yes, they travel faster *over time*. Engines get more fuel efficient *over time*, but they do not double every eighteen months.
I will bold the sentence this time in order to pander to your apparent learning disability: **only information technology follows that specific exponential curve**. This makes it an **outlier** and you remove the outliers before discussing trends and averages.
I have not said a single thing that is untrue, but what has happened is that your inability to read sequences of words has jammed your head full of things I never even said in the first place.
@_date: 2015-02-14 03:54:02
Yet Bitcoin still powers it's settlement engine, which is why any random company could not have competed with the likes of WU over the past century until now.
Furthermore, Bitcoin deposits and withdrawals to/from CB require no banking intermediaries, which mean that other enterprises who choose this settlement engine will have a thousand time easier of a time interfacing with Coinbase than with the ancient banking infrastructure that Coinbase can now act as a gateway to.
I'd say this evolutionary path makes sense while Bitcoin itself has so much value volatility: if people don't like directly holding or being exposed to it's value fluctuation risk then the companies that can profit will just play both sides of the exchange books to nullify that risk and still be able to use Bitcoin to move value on your behalf. The only trick being to denominate that value in a more stable currency until Bitcoin itself has matured enough to compete in the stability arena as well as low-friction.
@_date: 2013-01-11 01:29:42
I don't know what 19-23ct translates to in usd. perhaps ~$0.11? ;D
@_date: 2013-03-22 22:25:44
Son, any time you want to say "I'm only human" just remember: [that's what they built machines for]( ;3
@_date: 2013-01-25 00:56:24


I'll bite, what roots are these, pray tell? :3
@_date: 2013-02-23 03:16:12
.. and apparently the things that pass for "critique". :D
@_date: 2013-07-23 20:06:47
I'm more interested in this quote:


So what happens if Trendon takes Bitcoin's "can't freeze my assets" properties out for a spin, hmm?
I mean, obviously the man's a dick. All I'm saying is that there may be some more time for popcorn. :B
@_date: 2013-03-21 19:08:58
~~grammar~~ spelling. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-27 06:07:06
[tip codeword idea: replicate modpoints from slashdot? ;3](
@_date: 2013-02-04 06:38:22


Basically, the creator of the Bitcointip Bot is running a small scale, single-address-per-user hosted wallet service which the other features of the bot relies upon.
What the "create wallet" command does, is for users who want more direct control over that wallet address (eg, want to get at their tipbot coins even if NFS' bot is offline or NFS gets hit by a bus) it makes the bot create a wallet at another hosted wallet service, blockchain.info, and import the private key used for your balance here on reddit. Then you can backup the new wallet file per your own security requirements, spend from the Blockchain.info interface even if the tipping bot is broken, configure BCI to send you emails when you get/send tips, etc.
Using the "create wallet" feature is not required to use the other tipping bot features, and probably only makes sense for people who like to micromanage. ;3 The bot will always send you a PM with your current balance when you run commands through it, send tips, [PM it asking for balances]( etc. You can send the bot commands to "tip" other users, or to tip any bitcoin address including your personal wallet; which is how you withdraw.
@_date: 2013-10-31 15:38:51
@_date: 2013-07-18 23:04:30
prexactly that. :3
That's why I say, stop outlawing drugs and the market will tend to empty itself of the outlaws. ;3
@_date: 2013-02-15 12:36:47
Yep, already said but the bitcoin-qt client takes pains to perform 100% transaction auditing across the entire blockchain, which it downloads (presently weighing in at ~4.5GB), verifies, and maintains an index file to.
Trouble is v0.7.2 accomplishes this all via an inefficient Berkley DB engine, so it turns out doing about 1,000 disk I/O per second, mostly 4-8kb blocks, and almost all of which are redundant. :(
[v0.8.0rc1]( fixes this problem and should access your drive quite a bit more efficiently. Also, lighter clients that do not protect your view of the blockchain quite as doggedly [also exist]( :3
@_date: 2013-06-14 06:21:19
Fincen sure is the life of the party, eh?
"We are understaffed, so we're ready to prosecute anyone else who calls themselves a business, yet who refuses to do our job for us."
"Everyone loves 'transparency' and 'trust', right? Yeah! well, you can't claim you have those things unless you take us wrist deep up your bum first.."
"There are bad people in the world, terrorists, and uh.. (I can't really prattle on about drugs, can I? Numbers are too soft? Oh! I know!) human traffick.. (someone offscreen whispering suggestions in her ear) .. nono, CHILD exploiters! Yeah, that sounds better. And puppy kickers! And all those puppies are only being kicked because you (pointing at you) are not all reporting on each other's every move."
".. and if that doesn't work (it won't), then you're just not innovating hard enough."
@_date: 2013-08-25 15:36:10
1. Holding *your* cash overnight does not make you a bank from any regulatory perspective. Also, every business I know of has a safe and holds cash in it every night. Affix safe to concrete re-enforced foundation, and you've won half the battle.
2. How would holding cash overnight be any more of a challenge than holding product overnight? They are already trading money for a basically money-like commodity.
I do agree that lacking the option to either transport or bank cash sucks on it's own. But this discussion is "BTC trader(s) can visit daily and relieve you of that burden" vs. "no solution,  and you appear to be arguing in favor of the latter which I find confusing.
@_date: 2013-03-29 09:59:44
Just as easy would be to get an invoice from the guy, saying "one set headphones in exchange for XBTC, or $Xusd worth of BTC, to address Y". As long as you have that invoice, and blockchain proves you paid to that address, the law is on your side.
@_date: 2013-09-03 11:46:15
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
I recommend for trade advertisements.
@_date: 2013-03-29 22:51:26
Another issue is that BTC value is appreciating over time, which means merchants and vendors are in the position where they have to trade above market rate. First rule of commerce is "value the customer's money more than they do", there's no other solvent to loosen their purse strings.
Merchant's unavoidably have to play the currency market when they accept bitcoin, but holding appreciative bitcoin profits is preferable to holding depreciating fiat profits. So you've simply got to use that appreciative advantage to undercut other people's prices.
I recall one fellow from original post was given a demo, he was offered 0.2BTC worth of cam time which worked out to 2 minutes. While other's in this thread are noting that "you can get porn for free", of course you cannot get interactive or customized attention for free .. still I'd recommend some lower cost options to draw people into the experience, such as video shows that groups of people watch, potentially even tipping the performer. That's got to cost less to participate in and can get more people involved. And, as others have mentioned here, games like strip poker and mixing gambling or social aspects in more with the performers to increase engagement.
@_date: 2013-05-12 00:26:19
Please refer to our community rules in the sidebar:


We need our submissions to focus on Bitcoin. On the problems it does solve, on ways that it can be said to be superior to alternatives. We can't just post submissions to the alternatives failing or you're prompting the audience to draw their own conclusions about how Bitcoin makes it better. Then the audience cannot easily discuss these "conclusions" because everyone is drawing different ones. :S
We need our submissions to focus on what Bitcoin is, not only on fear about it's alternatives. :3
@_date: 2013-02-19 07:14:03
Well, why do you assume that employers will not pay wages in Bitcoin?
If you have Bitcoin, you'll prefer spending that directly over converting it expensively to USD before spending it, right? So if you want to buy something, you'd prefer to pay in Bitcoin. If you are the company selling things for Bitcoin, then you'll prefer paying as many of your expenses as possible (including labor) in BTC.
Have Euro? Transact Euro. Have USD? Transact USD. Have Bitcoin...? :J
Mining is the fundamental work that can be done for Bitcoin, and only for Bitcoin. Today the majority of that revenue is subsidized by newly minted coin, tomorrow the work will still need to be done but Transaction fees will take over the lions share of the mining revenue.
But MOST people who transact Bitcoin will not be mining it, just as most people who transact USD will not be printing it or banking for other people. :P
@_date: 2013-01-18 03:42:12
[Hazek's bullet points]( are very good. I'll try to offer a little more detail to go with that. :3
**What makes Bitcoin special, compared to other Ecash systems?**
Bitcoin is the first computer program/network in the world that allows people a way to freely trade a virtual commodity that cannot be duplicated or counterfeited. *By anybody*. Since the program is open source, people have made other networks like Likecoin and Namecoin with similar goals, but the first stays the most popular because of critical mass.
**Why is that unusual?**
Think about a file, like an MP3 music file. The record industry is presently very upset with people because they are copying these and just sharing them without paying back the rights holders for royaltees, and without following their rules on how to copy them. An MP3 music file is a digital commodity that is *easy* to copy. In fact, it's virtually impossible to prevent other people from copying it. In fact, *almost all digital information* works this way. Normally that's a feature, but it makes defending "intellectual property" rights very, very difficult.
**What makes Bitcoin different from other digital information then?**
Bitcoin is a fluid commodity, like money. It can be exchanged online almost instantly to anywhere on earth like most other digital content. But unlike digital content, and like money, once you send some it's gone and you can't make copies of it. 
**Bank accounts can do that, how does Bitcoin differ from the banking network?**
The Bitcoin network is utterly decentralized. So no one company or government gets to change the rules, freeze accounts, censor payments, create/print/counterfeit new money on a whim, or generally force the network to start benefiting them instead of the users.
**Without central control, who keeps order?**
Network security is ensured by entrepreneurs called Miners (or "Bookkeepers", since the other term just makes people too confused as to what their real responsibility is) who run a mining/bookkeeping program that constantly maxes out their high end math hardware (GPU, FPGA, ASIC) to provide notary services to all of the transactions on the network, and confirm exactly how everyone's bitcoin gets handled. That is why Bitcoin can't be "copied", the Bookkeepers act like referees making sure that anyone who tries to spend their money twice or break the rules only gets the valid transactions confirmed.
**Alright, then who watches the watchers?**
Bookkeepers are held to the same standard, the notary documents they publish (called "blocks") have to get confirmed by the next blocks that get published, so that even they cannot break the rules. The hard math problems their machines must continually compete to solve are cleverly designed so that who will solve the next block is always a mystery and always chosen completely at random, and so that attackers who might want to break the rules have to work harder than everyone else combined just to have any decent chance at performing a single counterfeit transaction. (which would be called a "51% attack").
**So what's in it for these Miners/Bookkeepers?**
Users voluntarily offer a transaction fee every time they spend Bitcoin (normally you configure your wallet software to housekeep this for you) as an inducement, and the bookkeepers collect all of the fees from transactions they choose to notarize. If you want your transaction to get confirmed, and thus trusted by other users, as quickly as possible you'll include a fee, in much the same spirit as tipping your waiter. And in contrast to mandatory taxes levied by governments, banks, or payment networks like Paypal and Visa.
**That doesn't sound very profitable, given how few people are using Bitcoin..**
In addition to this, the network is designed to print all of it's money in a mathematically predictable manner through the bookkeepers. For every block they solve, they are awarded newly minted Bitcoins following a strict formula. This serves two purposes: to subsidize your transaction fees in the early years of the network before enough people use bitcoin to properly pay the miners, and to actually fill up the economy with coins that everyone can buy and sell. The formula is crafted so that there will never be more than 21 million Bitcoins total, and a miner cannot claim fees or newly minted coins beyond what is prescribed in the formula without breaking those rules as mentioned above. Because of these combined inducements, the Bitcoin Bookkeeping network is presently the most powerful distributed computing platform on the planet, and there exists no computer or data center in the world powerful enough to directly perform a 51% attack against it, today.
I think that covers all of the basics, and I hope this explanation was helpful both as to "why" and "how". If you have specific questions lemme know and I'll try to fill in or expand upon in whatever direction you'd like. :3
@_date: 2013-01-07 00:26:16
What I've heard (and can't seem to substantiate through less biased-looking sources than [ones like this]( is that they've been aggressively fractional-reserving silver by holding the silver on people's behalf, issuing certificates to that effect, and then selling off the underlying silver. Basically because their proxy certificates trade like silver but they refuse to fully back them and hold so much that they haven't yet experienced a run, they've succeeded in inflating the supply and artificially devaluing the metal.
@_date: 2013-04-30 20:22:29
Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-08-30 23:55:38
* Restaurant: We now accept bitcoin
* Patrons: Sweet! That means when I'm done eating, I'll just walk out without paying!
Why wouldn't they have already been doing that?
* Patron: Sweet! That means I'll pull out my laptop and perform a complicated and expensive 0-conf or Finney attack against one of the largest Bitcoin merchant service providers in the world, and score an X% chance that I won't have to pay when the next block clears .. apparently because I'm too thick to just walk out the door like any other dine-and-dasher would do!
I don't feel threatened by this.
Compare with Credit card:
* Patron: Who needs bitcoin? I'll pay by credit card and then later report it stolen.
@_date: 2013-01-29 02:31:33
Bitcoin reduces some of that danger, though.... especially for Drugs. :J
@_date: 2013-01-15 01:42:55
You keep dodging my question. How many satoshis do people *need* in order to use in our economy as a medium of trade — how many would have to go missing before it could begin to impact trade — and how much would the erstwhile attacker have to spend in order to corner the market?
If you're not happy with the 200 million divisible currency units in my tip jar, then what about the 3.6 billion divisible currency units that get awarded to miners every day?
By definition, the unit price per BTC would be forced to rise past 1 satoshi per penny or $1 million USD / BTC just for Bitcoin to become as illiquid as the most popular currency on Earth currently is. A price that high guarantees, at least for a short time, a market cap of $10.66 trillion USD before the currency even becomes challenging to use.
So I am asking, who is going to invest the significant chunk of ten trillion USD it would take just to make Bitcoin illiquid enough to be less useful to exchange? It would honestly just be much cheaper to out-compete the miners and either perpetrate double spends or cause drama forking the chain.
Now I have heard arguments before discussing deep pockets trying to thrash the market to incur volatility, but you don't seem to be insinuating that either, and while that also would be cheaper than the $10 tril liquidity trap it may still prove more expensive than just out-competing the miners.
@_date: 2013-04-13 09:13:14
Sometimes I wonder if "great depression" should be the new Godwin's Law of currency discussions. Nations have been using commodity-based money, largely silver and gold coin for *thousands of years* but for some reason the only real-world example of deflationary currency having a negative consequence anyone can refer to is the United States in the second quarter of the twentieth century. On the other hand, Fiat currency's history is ten times shorter and [already much uglier]( 
If you put aside for a moment the controversy surrounding the causal factors of the Great Depression ([Austrian Economists]( claim the easy credit of the "roaring 20's" forced an economic bubble, and poor monetary policy by the Fed thereafter prevented proper recovery), debt deflation should prove quite uncommon in a voluntary currency ill suited to traditional credit to begin with. There's no state forcing you to denominate your contracts or loans in Bitcoin, and thus it's propensity to appreciate makes it a choice borrowers are going to avoid.


I think what you mean to say is "not everyone", and they don't have to. Furthermore I'm not trying to convince you that Bitcoin is not volatile, or that volatility is not uncomfortable for commerce. But I propose that Bitcoin's volatility is a function of it's market size, not of it's supply limitations. :3
@_date: 2013-01-04 02:22:00
Tell that to Kim Dotcom or PrQ or Julian Astrange. 
When that "foreign" government is the US government, they're big enough to be of a concern to citizens in other countries and nosey enough to care about whatever they feel like.
Basically, there is no sense leaking information you don't need to, period.
@_date: 2013-01-25 00:43:07
*shakes head*, lols. :3
@_date: 2013-02-25 06:00:26
Assuming Bitcoin is still viable in 2160 when the reward drops below a satoshi, then I'm certain we'll have added more decimal places.
Meaning, at minimum, the date when this will occur is beyond all of our lifetimes and solidly indeterminate. :9
@_date: 2013-01-28 23:13:56
I didn't make the meme image, bro, so I didn't choose any wolves. If you're so confident in your investment unflaggingly increasing in value, then let's see what happens when you denominate it against a non-inflationary commodity? Gold perhaps, oil, or the consumer price index?
It's easy to chart continually upward against a currency that gets printed like toilet paper. Bank savings accounts and government bonds have done that over a hundred years. Do you want a cookie for your savings merely devaluing at a slower pace than the currency it's counted in?
In comparison, connect the dots between the *minimum* points in Bitcoin's price graph and the resulting curve still outperforms precious metals and oil by at least an order of magnitude. Incidentally, the number of times our price graph has receded measurably can be counted on one hand since the market opened while CPI has receded hundreds of times during the same period.
Maybe courage wolf is an apt image because this is no environment for piss-ant day speculators?
@_date: 2013-08-14 00:46:33
I [search for "oversight"]( and no hits similar to this article show up.
I check [the history for the submitted domain name]( then find-in-page search for "bitcoin", get no results but this submission.
Is there a previous submission, or could you be mistaken (for example, submission deleted then resubmitted)?
@_date: 2013-08-26 19:53:00
Even before concerns about dividing by zero, it's pretty contrived to invoke:
x^2 - y^2 = (x+y)(x-y)
when both variables are already x. The fastest path to ground is to simplify any case of x-x immediately into zero. :P
There are a lot more fun variants of this paradox that avoid obviously superior paths to ground that teach people to be careful about explicitly specifying domains every time they divide both sides of an equation by a variable though. My favorite one was published in Martin Gardner's column in Science Digest in the 80's. :3
@_date: 2013-05-13 09:48:41
But we're not talking about them laundering money. They would still be reporting all their income, paying all their taxes, but they could accept payments in bitcoin and more importantly secure proceeds electronically via bitcoin instead of relying on stacks of difficult to secure cash.
There is no (well defined) law against them operating. There is no law against them using money; there's not even a law against *them* using a bank. There are laws against banks doing business with *them*, however, only because some restrictions in the law bureaucratically conflict with other allowances.
@_date: 2013-05-01 20:50:38
Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
Maybe try or @_date: 2013-08-08 19:27:04
I have checked and confirmed that the website  is accurate, and the organization listed is a [Registered Charity in the UK](
Because we're all paranoid, reddit self-posts can be edited after the fact and nobody has verified the poster as a legitimate representative, I recommend you visit the website directly and [donate to the bitcoin address listed there]( for safety. As of this writing the address in the post does match, but such a mod certification would not last if the post got edited. :J
Good luck!
@_date: 2013-02-09 01:37:12
Alright, Merged Mining sounds interesting and all.  But is that concept compatible with the new ASICs coming out that Bitcoin miners have a high likelihood of swapping to?
@_date: 2013-07-28 12:37:09


Bitcoin, on the other hand, is like cash. Secure it so that it doesn't get stolen, because once it *is* successfully stolen, you do not have the option of stealing it back again from innocent merchants and leaving them without the musical chair instead.
However, unlike credit cards, you can use methods to secure bitcoin such as password protection. I'm also looking forward to the new [Trezor]( hardware wallet, to help make high grade security of bitcoin balances even easier.
So let's stop planning for other people to eat our losses and start using a more efficient payment system that gives you the power to prevent them ever happening to begin with.
@_date: 2013-03-28 19:53:18
See, I always thought "sick as a dog" and "drunk as a snake" were backwards, because otherwise they miss the alliterative component. :&lt;
@_date: 2013-02-26 00:18:41


.. this sounds like a bit of a gamble that a miner might not include a transaction nobody else has seen in their block, broadcast the block and then teergrub publishing that transaciton over DHT just to delay everyone else.
@_date: 2013-01-09 20:37:21
Well, I'd imagine the printcoin people may not have mentioned this strategy only because when people print paper wallets they don't always share those with others, but often times do so to securely store moneys offline. In those circumstances, you would be less interested in sweeping the addresses clean.
But if someone else has previously had access to those private keys, then you'll want to sweep the funds and thereafter probably delete/archive those addresses from your wallet just to prevent them from accidentally receiving change or getting re-used in the future! :Q_
@_date: 2013-07-02 00:38:41
That won't matter if MtGox keeps losing funding options. Perhaps it loses it's mantle to a competitor who becomes the new de facto center, but it certainly won't hold that seat forever at this rate. :J
@_date: 2013-02-21 22:10:36
Even easier and cheaper if you do that exact same process but replace Bitpay with Coinbase. :3
@_date: 2013-03-03 12:00:38
What about HARP Cafe, in Portland OR?
@_date: 2013-01-27 00:15:52
Lol, yes just to clarify, do you mean "buy physical bitcoin" as in "Buy digital bitcoin in exchange for physical cash", or "Buy a phyiscal representation of a bitcoin such as a [Casascius]( coin or a paper wallet"?
If the former, [BitInstant]( lets you buy coin at any CVS, Wal-Mart or 7-11 but the fees are quite steep there. $3.95 + 3.99%. For 5BTC, that would add $7.48 in fees over the $88.30 MtGox ask price. [Bitme]( lets you deposit at chase, but it looks like there are no chase in Kansas. [LocalBitcoins]( lists plenty of people trading in kansas, especially in the cities. So that's your other best bet for a cash exchange. :3
@_date: 2013-07-08 22:24:39
While I agree the terminology is confusing, point is this is a matching service to a p2p exchange. The central website's primary goal is to link the interested buyer and seller parties together. Once buyer/seller discovery is handled via this centralized method, the actual exchange is performed person to person.
@_date: 2013-03-26 22:22:15
Oh that sounds wonderful. Could I buy some bitcoins from you using my credit card then? I pinky swear that I won't just chargeback against the purchase 6 months down the line, too. :D
@_date: 2013-01-22 00:59:52
The beauty of open source is the interchangeability of money with time x skill. Perhaps sfacets just has more money available to contribute than time x skill?
@_date: 2013-05-15 06:08:15
I've had to remove article since it links to malware and accidentally endorses in the title.
If you'd care to re-post your findings with a title as a scam alert, perhaps name the software but not link to it (or link with strong disclaimers listing what we know of it's pathology) then that would be kosher, though. :3
@_date: 2013-05-08 06:23:25
+1 internets
yep, I hope this here helps out dat OP. :B
@_date: 2013-02-19 05:55:29


Then you don't need to waste words proving yourself to twelve year olds who are obviously ignorant in economics with vocabularies limited to "hurr durr", while downvoting everything they say. The proof is in the pudding, so save those formidable debating skills for the rest of the community. :3
@_date: 2013-07-11 01:45:46
[Already submitted](
@_date: 2013-07-11 21:30:03
RTS has asked me not to report to them single-use accounts.
@_date: 2013-02-16 13:10:43
Bluh! Well if I had to spend it all, I would probably spend half of it on my family and estate, and the other half strong-arming infrastructural investments into the bitcoin ecosystem.
@_date: 2013-08-14 21:33:35
30 million bills, but each bill is $100usd so the print output is $3bil worth of notes.. not $30mil. :J
@_date: 2013-03-13 22:53:10
PGP signed might be a bit messy from a legal perspective, how about notarized signed paper documents? :3
@_date: 2013-10-31 16:22:36
How does manually maintaining a hot wallet relate to increased exchange risk? õ_O
@_date: 2013-08-02 20:34:48
Ya, most merchants including Coinbase are going off of Bitstamp pricing these days: 
@_date: 2013-01-05 00:20:14
Well, there is some value in folding this rather modest, homogeneously desired addition into the core protocol where p2p users can take advantage of it without having to rely on a third party payment processor.
@_date: 2013-04-22 21:18:28
Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-07-07 05:16:16
The psychological barrier. In exchange for your goods or services, would you rather get one valuable unit of an unknown commodity or a million individually worthless units?
EG: assuming somebody else handles the shipping and storage, would you rather get 1 oz of gold or five and a half pounds of silver, or a hundred pounds of aluminum? Now let's make them unknown commodities: 1oz of A, 5.4lb of B or 100lb of C, given that those are all equal at today's exchange rate? Which is liable to still retain that value a week, a month or a year from today?
Spread thinner evaporates more quickly, and most people more highly prize concentrated value over limitless quantities of fluff.
Additionally, keep in mind that innumerable bitcoin clones have already failed as their unit prices dropped below what was justified by their mindshare. I believe Bitcoin can survive falling quite a bit more before being in danger of that directly, but I also like having as much margin for error as I can get. :J
@_date: 2013-03-29 22:55:13


Alright, so have you actually done it?
I think most people around here are mistrustful because XRP is a centralized currency, nobody knows what technology lay behind it all, the current implementation appears to completely disregard the original principals of Ripple, XRP is billed as a "decentralized currency with no proof or work and instant confirmations", implying that instead of solving the byzantine generals problem they somehow just ignore it instead (eg, it's probably not actually decentralized).. meaning anyone trading in it would be risking lots of money on an opaque protocol.
@_date: 2013-07-07 04:31:00
My expectation is that it involves cornering and intimidating pedestrians into giving you their money.
People taking taxis can't easily be mugged, guard dogs can defend you near your home, guns and judo can defend you on the street. :3
@_date: 2013-04-09 20:08:28
You've already posted a link advertising your blog, [here]( 
If you use your blog to host articles each of which brings something unique to the discussion, then feel free to link those here and summarize what unique news is offered in the title. "Here's another shovelful of homogeneous content" doesn't make an appropriate link, though.
Good luck, sir. :3
@_date: 2013-02-02 14:31:28
[VirWoX]( costs about 6% end to end to buy Bitcoins with Credit Card or Paypal. :3
@_date: 2013-03-10 10:18:40
Yes, of course miners have to run full nodes. I don't see how that's relevant to OPs suggestion, it's always going to be true.
I don't understand how "larger miners" can attack you by including transactions in their blocks and then sending the same transactions to you? You'll see those transactions in the larger miner's blocks and toss them as invalid.
@_date: 2013-09-04 00:30:11
Looks like the page you're looking for has been moved or had its name changed. Or maybe it's just fate. You could use the search box in the header to search for what you're looking for, or begin again from the home page.
@_date: 2013-01-17 01:52:58
The reason you probably get that impression is because they do mainly deal with [some Linden game currency]( one of the few private currencies I am aware of which still has a [higher market cap]( than Bitcoin. At least for the next few months still. ;3
[VirWoX]( stands for Virtual World Exchange, and was originally established to trade Lindens (SLL) to EUR and USD, and to support alternate private currencies for alternate private grids powered by the same technology as SL. When Bitcoin became a thing they added that to their books (though the hub of their books remains SLL, since more of their customers still trade against SLL than any other currency) and before you know it they became the [fifth largest Bitcoin exchange by BTC trade volume](
The reason they can offer Paypal, Skrill (Moneybookers) and Credit Card (via Skrill) payment options when few others can is because they lean heavily upon the hardened and well established fraud prevention mechanisms Linden Labs have been perfecting to support their economy over the past decade. To be honest, it's a little bit like avoiding the need for Federal AML to filter out the fraud for you by allowing a virtual micronation to do the heavy lifting for you instead. 8I
But don't feel bad, even MtGox had it's humble beginnings as [The Magic The Gathering Online eXchange]( :B
@_date: 2013-09-18 08:46:15
Except it doesn't, the MtGox rate is false given that people can't easily withdraw from there. Basically, instead of $Xusd it's $X GoxUSD which is worth less than USD, so of course it takes more of those to buy a bitcoin.
Bitstamp shows $128, and other large exchanges such as BTC-E and campbx fall in line with that. 
@_date: 2013-02-25 23:03:52
Bandwidth yes, but larger blocksizes should have no direct impact on "hashing power".
The iterative hashing done by your GPU or ASIC is solely over a header which includes a hash of the real block. Meaning, even if you're trying to hash a 1GB block, you hash that one time (even incrementally as you build it, I imagine) and then try billions of times per second to guess a nonce across a tiny header which includes that hash.
@_date: 2013-01-07 23:56:34
Coloreds can't bank here, and have to sit at the back of the bus.
@_date: 2013-01-18 01:03:00
Then pay your rent in them to cancel those problems out. Yesno?
@_date: 2013-01-20 03:42:11
Yeah, I don't think most people I try to talk to even know what the word "ledger" means. Even if I tried to explain it to them, they would never appreciate the uniqueness of it.
Anyone using email can agree to pass IOUs about, the unique element of Bitcoin is the decentralized incapacity to counterfeit or to doublespend the IOUs, but nobody can appreciate *that* as something they can personally trust unless they can either pin their trusts on somebody guaranteeing it for them (defeating the goal of it being "decentralized"), or unless they can personally grok the crypto. :/
@_date: 2013-03-22 16:10:42
+tip 10 mbtc
I agree, I've stopped using full bitcoin nodes as wallets some time ago because bitcoin-qt does not provide very good wallet management services. You have to store the wallet file in the same directory as the byzantine blockchain directory, and wallets and blockchains don't have the same storage requirements.
Most specifically: Blockchain has to be as publicly connected as possible, secret keys are best kept as far away from public exposure as you can manage. I construct all of my cold wallet spends offline, Bitcoin-QT needs better features to support "disconnected" wallets. Such as cold wallets, deterministic wallets, watch-only, paper wallets, brain wallets, etc.
Basically, Bitcoin-QT needs to bake in the features of Armory. :&gt;
Until then I keep the blockchain up to date without a connected wallet on one 24/7 server and 3 workstations I allow to sync when I use them.
@_date: 2013-05-14 07:30:22
There's a bridgade for Victorian Prudishness now?
On my Internets? 8I
Which juan does that? xD
@_date: 2013-02-19 00:40:20
Your link says that they levy the fee when you deposit money into a wallet, not when you make a merchant purchase. *shrugs*
@_date: 2013-05-05 22:42:08
Yep, this.
It's best for OP to write up a blog entry tying this together and relating it to bitcoin, then submit the blog entry here. That way upvotes will reflect people agreeing or disagreeing with OP's opinion of how this relates to Bitcoin, instead of agreeing to punch popular punching bags. :J
@_date: 2013-08-23 12:12:05
Report does not automatically hide for everyone else (just imagine the abuse potential :P) but does help direct human moderator attention to the post more rapidly, by way of adding post to the Modqueue which someone among us normally checks a few times per day.
If you are interested in writing a bot to either filter based on pattern, follow domains to see if they are shortners (and if so we basically don't care where they lead, *all* shortners are against our rules..), etc then by all means. Reddit API is public and quite an interesting coding project. Just don't be surprised if Reddit API doesn't also make you want to tear your hair out when it glitches and gives you false data. ;3
@_date: 2013-02-17 04:31:40
What does that first image represent? I are the confuse. x3
@_date: 2013-04-17 05:14:56
No compilations of free Bitcoin sites (see the sidebar).
Also, please do not repost the same content multiple times. Our community is not an advertising platform; unless you'd like to actually purchase reddit ad space which would be your prerogative.
@_date: 2013-02-19 03:55:31
So I get a downvote and an insult for trying to participate in your -3 discussion? I'm sorry I bothered then.
@_date: 2013-01-15 00:42:51
I do not follow your logic when you propose that somebody buying bitcoins from current holders willing to sell them would drive the price down.


This sounds like a question for a coin collector. "Hey coin collector, does anybody pay you more than $0.05usd for a nickel?"


By "all" do you mean every last one of them, or just enough of them so that there are fewer satoshis left for the masses? What is the mechanism by which Bitcoin becomes difficult for me to exchange overseas just because that guy over there now has several million bitcoin he's sitting on, and how can that guy get more of them without outbidding everyone else who presently has some? ("outbidding", incidentally,  implies prices raising above what they would normally be sold for, not below...)
@_date: 2013-03-08 19:11:19
Cheaper to have your employer just pay  some of your wage in bitcoin, so you can skip the exchange fees. :Q_
@_date: 2013-07-17 18:50:56
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
I'd recommend or :3
@_date: 2013-06-27 10:06:49
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* No referral links in submissions.
Understand, if referral links were allowed what would prevent the entire sub from simply filling up with everyone re-advertising bitcoinget, or bitvegas, or any number of sites who "incentivize sharing"? 
I don't expect you would eagerly subscribe to a spam-barrel like that, would you? 
@_date: 2013-01-29 01:08:41
While I find that video an interesting one, I feel it's just way too .. angry. :P
I mean hell, right in the first few seconds, it says in an angry voice "you are fed up with X, but *you* keep enabling them" almost like it's bitching at the viewer for their strawman actions. x3
@_date: 2013-03-23 05:23:15
Don't like how a faucet is run? Run your own.
The problem with wealth "re"-distribution, in contrast to straightforward wealth distribution, is that you yield control over precisely how that wealth gets distributed.
So that's between the faucet operator and the contributors. I am neither which is why it's not my problem.
@_date: 2013-07-07 13:53:07
Well it depends how "low" of a low price you're talking about.. but the simplest mechanism is that some asic havers give up their mining, and if a lot of that gear gets purchased at firesale rates by an attacker.
For example, most ASICs will begin failing commercial electricity margins at approximately $1usd/BTC with current difficulty rates. How low do you think ASICminer would stay in the game? They represent a big chunk all to themselves.
@_date: 2013-05-02 00:03:25
Lol, not nearly as many fans as advertised. :&gt;
@_date: 2013-01-15 21:56:31
As an owner of some bitcoins you have a wallet. A wallet is like a janitor's keyring full of secret keys, that give you ultimate control over your funds listed on the blockchain ledger. Each key is paired with an Address, and the addresses can be shared publicly so that people can send you more money. Money they send you is left on the ledger and dedicated to your address, so that only your matching key can unlock those funds to spend again.
When you're ready to spend money, you have to have somebody else's address as a destination to spend to, just like using and email address to send somebody an email that only they can read using their matching password.
Your wallet exists either on your PC, or online at a hosted wallet service like Instawallet (or partway between the two like Blockchain.info's semi-hosted wallet service). You use your wallet application to fill out some digital paperwork known as a transaction. The transaction includes instructions on what to do with your money, and it is signed using your private key. Everyone can tell you've signed it, because everybody knows your matching address.. but only you can sign things on behalf of that address.
Your wallet application sends this transaction off to the cloud of cooperating Bitcoin nodes, which distribute it out so that every node ideally gets a copy. Every bitcoin node checks your paperwork for accuracy, to make sure you are playing by the rules and that you have sufficient funds and your paperwork doesn't have the tiniest errors in it.
At this stage, the transaction is "unconfirmed". The bitcoin network might not need more infrastructure than this, except that somebody with 10BTC could send out two different transactions asking to spend 9BTC at about the same time to two different people, and how could everyone agree on who really should get paid? How can we prevent a "double spend" which is basically just a complex way of trying to give somebody your money and then snatch it back into your own wallet again at the same time? Also, how can we defend against bitcoin nodes lying about what's on the ledger and making up things to suit their own potentially nefarious ends?
Enter miners (aka bookkeepers) and the blockchain. Some of these bitcoin nodes have a lot of computing power, and compete in a race of busywork to notarize all of the valid, unconfirmed transactions. The busywork is cryptographic (if you treat it like "magic" or a black box then the details won't really change how a transaction really functions) and designed so that out of the entire world full of bookkeepers, only one will finish the busywork successfully approximately once every 10 minutes like a lottery.
Whoever can finish the busywork outputs what's called a "block". That is a collection of all of the previously unconfirmed transactions that this bookkeeper is blessing as valid, plus a link back to the previous block that this bookkeeper is also blessing as valid, plus a reward that the system allows the bookkeeper to claim (currently 25BTC per block) and the bookkeeper also claims all of the fees people voluntarily offer to help speed up their transactions getting confirmed, and finally the block includes the proof of busywork, so that anyone who looks at the block knows that it would take an entire world full of bookkeepers churning full time to get just one of these every ten minutes.
A bookkeeper won't let two separate transactions spending the same money twice into the same block, and they won't let any transactions that break the rules into their block. If they did, the bookkeeper would be breaking the rules and the next bookkeeper (randomly selected by the difficulty of the busywork and random nature of who might solve it next) would not bless *their* block, but would work right past it instead (they call this a "fork" in the blockchain). So because the busywork is predictably difficult to perform, but embarrassingly easy to confirm, it allows everyone in the world to easily agree on which transactions are valid and lets all the honest operators following these rules easily resist any potential dishonest attempts to break the rules. :3
And that is how a transaction is born. :D
@_date: 2013-04-07 22:43:15
But there exist no "guaranteed returns" thus all people who invest significant amounts of money in anything whatever are labeled by your razor as "stupid".
@_date: 2013-02-16 12:14:51


For me, transactability is an inexorable advantage to any currency and distance is one dimension of transactability. A dimension which Bitcoin cancels out entirely.
[Wordpress]( says that the reason they begain accepting bitcoin payments is:




Believe me, you'll be hard pressed to find a Bitcoiner who "hasn't heard of a wire transfer" or "doesn't understand how a credit card works". We understand all too well that a large bank heavily invests to have a financial presence at two points on the globe, and heavily charges you in both time and fees for the privilege of riding on the coattails of that investment to reassign wealth on your behalf from one location to another.
That investment and risk banks shoulder is necessary only because all commodities in existence prior to Bitcoin were geographically limited. It is both time consuming and expensive to transport gold or suitcases of cash or barrels of oil across continents. Bitcoin is the first limited supply, counterfeit-proof commodity to exist in an otherwise copy-friendly digital space. Thus it allows individuals with no initial investment to trade durable, limited supply tokens representing wealth to other individuals with no content-aware intermediaries.
What you're suggesting is tantamount to saying that email is worthless because you can already send a postcard or smoke signals — and of course there was a time when the latter was used 1000000 times as frequently as the former.
@_date: 2013-01-18 00:07:25
Wait, do you have a link on this? I wasn't aware Electrum had an offline or cold wallet mode. :O
@_date: 2013-02-27 09:38:01
Speak for yourself. I don't know *anyone* smarter than [deleted]. D:
@_date: 2013-02-18 06:28:20
I'unno, that's a fair question.
I imagine that allying with Brinks and giving them a cut of the profits should help?
Otherwise, for smaller amounts or *inside* of a business to help your direct customers (and you empty the machine and lock it up at night) or with smaller transaction limits should be pretty smiple. :3
@_date: 2013-03-30 08:53:19
1. You can't get the longest chain, no matter how long you try to squirrel solved blocks off to the side, unless you have more mining power at your disposal than the public network in order to beat them in a race. Also if you're thinking of manipulating difficulty on your side chain to get more blocks, keep in mind the software measures "longest" as the sum of difficulties solved. So solving 99 blocks at 100 times easier difficulty than public loses compared to solving 1 block at reference difficulty.
2. what is "hyperdeflation" and how does it relate to difficulty adjustments? Do you mean money supply deflation, or purchasing power deflation, or something related to mining difficulty? My economic perception is that purchasing power hyperdeflation is a self-limiting event. Having purchasing power induces spending because hoarding only reflects time preference: sacrificing what you could buy today in hopes of buying more tomorrow. "Buying" is always a variable in that equation.
3. There currently exist over a thousand million million satoshis. If 99.99% of those were hoarded by their owners, then we would still have a hundred billion units of currency left to circulate. See above about hyper-deflation self-limiting.. if you had 10 BTC and 99.99% of the market was hoarded, that means circulation would only represent 1000 BTC total and by spending 1 of your 10BTC, you would be wielding 0.1% of global Bitcoin commerce, with which you could probably buy cars and houses.
Who holding so much wealth would express zero of it to enrich their own lives?
@_date: 2013-05-07 08:01:14
I would recommend your friend email bitpay support, have them look at her site, and confirm if that's something they can at least unofficially support. I expect their ToS is simply boilerplate.
In case they really have come down with a case of victorian heebeejeebees, then I might recommend [Coinbase Merchant Tools]( next. [Their TOS]( does not explicitly disavow pornography. :P
@_date: 2013-02-28 22:06:13
@_date: 2013-02-15 00:04:59
@_date: 2013-03-12 23:27:59
Litecoin proselytizing is off-topic in the community. Litecoin_Messiah and others have posted several of these articles a day recently. No content relevant to bitcoin, virtually no content at all, just basically sandwich boards trying to call attention to Litecoin.
This is every bit as much spam as if Apple fanboys kept posting articles about new releases of the iPhone, and then more posts asking why all the downvoting and negative responses. This community is not a vehicle for other alt chains to advertise themselves.
@_date: 2013-01-05 00:24:20
Quick isn't the biggest concern. Quality is difficult. Bitcoin is challenging to pitch to everyone who isn't already on-board. On the one hand a majority of people have never heard of it, but on the other a majority of the people likely to care (technophiles and cryptophiles and anti-statists) already have.
I think if we have enough money to afford a superbowl commercial, that money would be better spent enriching our economy and building new businesses and merchants to sell the kinds of things the people who have already adopted need in their everyday lives. Then we can begin to cost-compete against fiat currencies, and that in turn will inexorably draw in people who might not have otherwise cared.
Another concern is scalability. The blockchain currently records every transaction ever made. Your wallet file records one or more new addresses for every transaction you've ever personally made, plus an indexed segment of the blockchain pertaining to every event where you've ever received money. Neither of these scale all that well with best case coding, and neither of them currently have best case coding in any wallet client. Thus an explosion in bitcoin popularity might deal a serious blow to network stability and generate tons more negative PR than positive.
I think the best approach is for the people currently on board to work to beef up the infrastructure, especially merchant adoption. We should convert merchants for every industry important to our population, and those we cannot convert trivially easily we should replace and use Bitcoin's price-saving properties to compete them out of business. Follow the example of Roger Ver, I says. :D
@_date: 2013-03-10 10:54:27
Donating some legos to speed up the construction of said building. ;3
+tip 11mbtc
@_date: 2013-08-06 20:13:05
That's a pretty weak accusation. I haven't even read the content of the article, and I'm still removing it because it is demonstrable blogspam and plagiarism.
The original article has already been submitted, discussed, and had 36 upvotes [here](
What value do you suspect this will have to our community to copy and paste the content into a blog that begs for donations along its sidebar and then just repost it?
@_date: 2013-02-14 11:24:09
[I did]( :O
At least, I posted here. It's not like I have your phone number to wake you up, or nothin. xD
@_date: 2013-07-23 22:49:55
I think what is trying to describe is victim-blaming.
Just remember, misfortune at the hands of another immediately absolves you of all personal responsibility regarding competent security.
That said, if you have your cash on your person and get pick pocketed, the bank should obviously re-imburse you or else the USD will never gain adoption.
@_date: 2013-02-09 23:50:56
Well, I wasn't looking to prove a one to one mapping, just a mapping that gave every real including zero a position on the imaginary line (which is open at zero due to nomenclatural technicality ;3)
My first solution didn't do this, because using |x| introduces a discontinuous derivitive instead of discontinuities in order zero. I have a history in comp sci of confusing the higher order properties of abs and ceil/floor until I see them graphed. :P
Basically, I was looking for anything that tore a hole in the resulting graph near zero, then I could add a constant to make sure none of the graph actually mapped to zero. :3
To get a perfect one to one mapping sounds harder than my pay scale. Possible, yes, but I'm not digging up Cantor or Cauchy to ask how they'd do it. ;3 The problem is we're mapping the reals onto something virtually identical to the reals but with an open point at the origin. What do we assign the odd zero out to, when every other dancer is taken? If we move everyone else, then shy of abusing the hyperreals there is no method to move the rest of the chorus line a short enough distance to both give room to the unpaired zero, and not wind up with imaginaries left over. 8I
But if you know a clever trick to this I'm all ears. bahaha &lt;3
@_date: 2013-06-07 19:50:28
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
The goal of our community is to encourage discussion and news relevant to Bitcoin, not as an advertisement platform or jumping off point for other technologies who expect to contrast themselves with Bitcoin.
I think this submission would be more appropriate in or @_date: 2013-03-06 03:30:10
There's got to be a FUD catalyst for the government to really be able to clamp down against Bitcoin. Government can't just say "Bitcoin are teh badness!" and expect anyone to take their word on that, people are already skeptical and this would have more of a Streisand effect than anything else.
No, they would have to either wait for or engineer some sort of scandal smelly enough to put the public off from Bitcoin, and then make a mountain of regulation out of that molehill. I'm waiting to see what it will be, myself. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-02 03:26:40


\o/ hear, hear!
I cannot say what kind of a correction one could expect after a single, committed investor dumps $4.5 mil on the market in one buy. So long as he's not the one selling back out again, I don't know what percentage of people would panic and what percentage would celebrate and allow their bullish enthusiasm to survive. But based on my own instincts, I would probably instantly try to sell half and hold the other half.
Nobody's buying at $300, you say? I wonder how long it would take buy walls to traverse the spread? The biggest fear on anyone's mind at that time would be "who's this Scaramanga and will he sell right back off again?" So let's assume that Scaramanga is well known and publicly and persuasively asserts that he's holding, come hell or high water just before the buy (but not soon enough to bully everyone into building an insurmountable sell wall, lol!) then what? :B
I ask because, again, if Scaramanga can orchestrate this buy and politically smooth the feathers of any coming correction he stands to basically quadruple his investment as well as those of everyone else in one swoop. I'd certainly like to know more about the viability of such a concept, especially since it speaks directly to the forces that sustain a market cap to begin with.
@_date: 2013-07-10 10:26:28
From 


@_date: 2013-08-14 00:38:12


Two factor authentication is meant to protect you against somebody either guessing your password or keylogging it from off of your own computer. Is your password secure enough by itself? This depends entirely on whether or not your password is "password", or whether your PC gets infected or whether you're telling everyone on Facebook what your password is. It also depends on whether or not a bad actor at MtGox could have either eavesdropped your password at submission or defeated your authentication entirely, but MtGox would risk a lot more negative PR by allowing any such indiscretions to occur than they could ever recoup in illicit profits.. end-users do not face the same disincentive.


So if I hop onto an open proxy in Holland, log into my own account and syphon away the funds, do I get to cry "theft" as well? I'm not saying that *is* what happened, but there exists no evidence I am aware of distinguishing that very simple narrative from the alleged victim's narrative of theft.
@_date: 2013-06-02 19:21:10
PvE is easier on mah nerves. :B
@_date: 2013-05-01 02:00:35
See sidebar rules:


@_date: 2013-01-29 23:07:28
Seeing as how The Government just started playing minecraft last week,
this is virtually guaranteed. :P
@_date: 2013-02-07 01:51:28
at 60GH/s / ~$1300 rig they would still be undercutting Avalon with 8x power efficiency, if they are able to hold to the 1W/GH/s figure they touted long ago.
We'll see. x3
@_date: 2013-11-13 20:06:38
But they don't need a database to do this. It's already going to be pretty much impossible to shop or bank at light-space retailers and providers without offering them personal information. Plus that's equally true of cash or credit card. They don't like the amount they see you spending, they send the "where'd this money come from, pleb" squad (normally in the form of an IRS audit).
Whitelist addresses aren't even a coat of paint on that behavior.
@_date: 2013-06-30 02:25:27
[I remember playing that game as a kid]( :D
+bitcointip 20 mbtc
@_date: 2013-03-19 01:32:28
@_date: 2013-03-10 23:30:29
In Max's defence, I think either he's having a hard time getting perched on top of a new york building in freezing winds.. or he's off his Xanax. xD
@_date: 2013-03-31 02:34:51
You were looking for the strings, [here's the strings]( :&gt;
@_date: 2013-03-04 22:09:13
Because after spending off all your USD it's either start trading the BTC you have for necessities, or starve. õ_O
You can either buy USD with the BTC and then buy your groceries, or find a grocier that accepts BTC directly (the latter obviously involving less friction if you're lucky enough to find such a beast) but the outcome is the same. You're divesting BTC to pay for your needs once you're out of USD to divest.
@_date: 2013-01-14 23:25:12
It does increase the odd scamminess angle, yes.
To play devils advocate though, in addition to all that has already been said, it may be that since the ASICs use the same cases as the FPGAs they can sell you a board in your original shell to save some of the costs. Additionally, FPGAs can be re-purposed unlike ASIC so they may be able to reprogram those and sell them off for other purposes.
That's not enough to explain the full discount like that (hell, even if I wanted to do something like this I'd only accept 50-66% trade-in value ;P) so I it's anybody's guess I suppose. :P
What I REALLY want to know is, if BFL and bASIC all turn out to fold, who will actually bring the ASICs to the masses? I mean ASIC tech is solid and not the most difficult thing to actually build out. It's demand is pretty solid too, so I see them getting produced as inevitable. I'm just puzzled where that dam is really going to break. x3
@_date: 2013-05-16 17:42:43
[Bitinstant]( is one of the last remaining US centralized cash-&gt;Bitcoin methods I still know of.
Non-centralized, you've got  or [Localbitcoins](
If you don't mind using a bank account, [Coinbase]( is still a well reputed option.
For Credit Cards or Paypal, [VirWoX](
People talk a lot about [CampBX]( but I have yet to try them.
@_date: 2013-01-22 03:01:10
Yay, this guy says [what I've already said]( a number of times, though with better vocabulary and a more thorough analysis of all angles. :B
@_date: 2013-07-31 22:15:34
The "dumb little shrimps" you speak of are probably trading bots.
@_date: 2013-05-12 01:29:25
Well, is primarily for news and discussion. It's not an advertising platform (unless you wish to purchase advertising from reddit directed to this sub; that would be fine). It's simply that merchant adoption is low enough that the *first* press release from any merchant that they have begun to accept bitcoin is defacto news.
Additional reminders over time are no longer news, and with thousands of merchants currently accepting bitcoin zero people would want to subscribe if all the merchants reposted their involvement: be it once a week or once a month.
@_date: 2013-11-21 04:28:04
But MtGox trades all of their currencies on the same book, and you can withdraw Yuan. They ought to at least arbitrage easily enough to BTCChina; give or take extra variables I cannot determine.
@_date: 2013-03-08 01:54:11


OTOH it could also completely finance any and all costs, with profit left over assuming you catch BTC on an upswing. :3
@_date: 2013-03-02 08:50:53
Yes. [SRS](is a pseudofeminist group of white knights (of both the female and self-disparaging male variety) which focuses on frothing up mob mentality in their own subs to direct people out into other discussions to stir up controversy.
It looks like they've made their way here already, too. I'm guessing mungojelly is an alt from that neck of the woods. It's hard to say, but the pattern certainly fits. :P
@_date: 2013-03-20 21:15:23
No proballo. :3
@_date: 2013-03-11 12:58:46


On the contrary, any merchant running at or below cost simply demonstrates that they are long on Bitcoin. That's the only way to draw volumes of business from customers who are also long on Bitcoin, to allow your faith in the temporally rising value of bitcoin to make up the difference with capital gains.
That's what will get the USD-holders to notice: trading coin in the market above the MtGox rate.
Basically *all* trade of Bitcoin for fiat comes from those who short coin. That *is* the short, because self-investment (purchasing goods and services) should clearly be a better investment than holding decaying fiat in your hand — the Bitcoin exchange rate in that arena should be higher.
Finally, that's the primary force that will demonstrate Bitcoin as a competitive currency during it's booming, formative years: trading patterns which displace the value of fiat instead of lagging behind it.
Look at it from the merchant's perspective. Widget costs you $100usd wholesale today. Happ recommends to you the counter-intuitive idea that while you already retail that for $110usd, you should retail it for an amount of BTC worth $90usd at today's exchange rates.
If you do this, then the fiat purchases will put $110usd in your hand today, which will fall in purchasing power over time with inflation, eventually dropping below the purchasing power required to buy another widget wholesale. The BTC purchase will not put $90usd in your hand, but today's market equivilent in BTC which our long position predicts will be worth more than enough to purchase another widget at wholesale after a short interval, and the longer you hold the greater that purchasing power will be.
At the same time, buying a widget at $100usd and selling it for $90usd/BTC at today's rate does obviously cost more than simply putting the same $100usd into the market to draw out the BTC yourself (where you'd get $100usd/BTC - spread, commission, deposit and withdrawal fees and lag). But it also drives sales volume. You already have all the volume you are likely to see at the $110usd retail price point, and if you wholesale from the same place as your competitors then you cannot leverage any advantage going all the way to $100usd cost or they will just do the same. Where you can gain the advantage is expressing your long position on Bitcoin where your competitors don't dare, and steal their business buoyed by the calculated risk that Bitcoin's rising values will close the gap.
I am not saying that all merchants should do this. I am not saying that bitcoin-short pricing models are unhelpful. I am not telling anybody else their business. I am not saying that doing this will be safe, in fact it obviously carries risk tied in with the long term success of Bitcoin itself.
I am saying that a merchant who is already long on Bitcoin is better served expressing that sentiment via a higher than market exchange rate in their goods, thus driving demand (even driving direct arbitrage as the merchant's chosen currency risk finances reselling in other currencies) and virtuously increasing their own turnover and interest in Bitcoin itself and thus the unit price.
That's also how you loosen the pursestrings of everybody else who is long on Bitcoin, and get their business they would otherwise be doing in fiat.
Deflation is not harmful to an economy so long as it is predictable. Hoarders predict it, merchants need to do the same to see business volumes in this sphere.
EDIT: Put another way, selling at higher exchange rates than the fiat exchanges is a highly viable option for merchants to borrow money from customers with which to leverage a long position on Bitcoin. :3
@_date: 2013-02-05 15:41:33
Several points:
1. Only one person needs a wallet that supports it: the person who initially sets up the address. Bitcoind fits this bill just fine, and someone providing escrow would most likely handle that paperwork for everyone. Everyone else just needs to give them the public keys of all 3 parties. Note, not the receive addresses, the public keys are distinct from that. So.. the real challenge is getting those blasted public keys; I cannot see how to do that from BCI wallet for instance. ;3
2. BCI shuttered their escrow GUI long ago, and for some reason never shuttered that help page. So they can no longer prepare such an address.
3. TY for the pointer to a live example on the blockchain, das hella tight. :B
@_date: 2013-05-16 01:24:23
Very targeted bitcoin attacks are one of virus writers new favorite toys, and they usually show up in the virus databases. Virustotal is a metatool that scans with 42 different popular virus utilities, so if it showed in even one of them it would be there.
I just peeked at the github page, which file is the malware binary? I don't see a download here, just the sources. If you point me to the correct one then we can just see what virustotal says about it instead of speculating. :3
@_date: 2013-11-16 00:14:27
Mike is the chair of the Bitcoin Foundation's Law and Policy Committee, which makes him a representative of the foundation. If "virtually everyone argued against it", then Mike Hearn must be an exception to that virtual unanimity, since he has nowhere argued against it. Incidentally, heads of committees in the organization in question are not virtually nobody.
That is literally the length and the breadth of what I said in my reply to you, and I was immediately accused of misrepresentation.
@_date: 2013-03-02 01:20:05
You don't have to verify tips. I only do that outside of when I want the extra comment noise to show off to others that a tip really happened.
Here in the forums, people normally use skeeto's greasemonkey script so they can see li'l verification icons automagically. :3
@_date: 2013-07-23 22:41:18
I'm down for 1BTC to pre-order that bad boy, and to help facilitate it's development. I'm just a bit shaky on how secure the investment is vs getting BFL'ed. :J
@_date: 2013-09-12 08:37:54
That sounds like an enticing option to me, but I don't see it in subreddit settings.
Is it an automod thing or something else?
@_date: 2013-03-16 01:44:37
/me bows, ty sir. :D
@_date: 2013-02-14 11:26:53
No, it did get that high. Topped out at $26.65 *after* the bounce, hasn't been that high before the bounce since July 2011. :3
@_date: 2013-03-14 13:01:29
I tried looking at it a few minutes ago and half of the pages were giving errors, but pressing "refresh" brought them back up again.
They might be under heavy load or doing maintenance, or might be a mild DDoS. Hard to say. *shrugs*
@_date: 2013-04-28 03:36:00
Do you require any assistance building a digital currency with all of the positive properties of bitcoin, but with no blockchain? õ_O
@_date: 2013-02-18 13:49:53
Correct, though it's probably also valuable to include verification of your identity, email or other pseudonym in the message you sign. "I, approve this message. :P"
Also also remember to send them the plain text and the signature — ideally with "== BEGIN HERE ==" and "== END HERE ==" markers — because the gook you get from signing does not carry a copy of the plaintext it authenticates. :J
@_date: 2013-08-16 02:49:19
Yet all popular currencies: bitcoin, precious metals, fiat (somewhat as notes, moreso as coins and bank ledger entries) are durable commodities that are not often destroyed via consumption like wheat is. Making less of it is of little consequence when the amount in circulation isn't going away.
@_date: 2013-03-20 19:03:54
Question removed for whatever safety doing so can afford you.
I notice that the private key you list exactly matches the address you list which appears active. Publishing that private key allows anyone who sees it access to all coins stored at that address, present and future.
I recommend moving all funds from that address to another at your earliest convenience, and retire that address and stop using it. I would consider it compromised. :S
@_date: 2013-03-08 02:22:11
I agree with Julian. Bitmit is a fine compliment to eBay which will ban your account for settling outside of their payment system.. but Craigslist is really all about settling in cash to begin with (Bitcoin being a form of cash), and advertising your goods *and* advertising that you accept Bitcoin opens up the currency to a wider audience *while* allowing you to sell to other savy parties too. :D
Starting a brand new site to be "craigslist limited to a specific currency" would be a hard sell unless it had some other killer distinctions to make it a greater trading vehicle for coiners.
@_date: 2013-03-02 02:52:34
OP is trying to start a conversation about quantifying the claims of BCS. If OP quantifies the claims, he gets called out for cherry picking by proponents. If he asks proponents to quantify the claims, they call him lazy.
Sounds like a cop out to me. ;3
@_date: 2013-04-08 21:03:44
I did see a problem similar to what OP described with Chrome extension, too. I uninstalled it and then re-installed, problem went away.
@_date: 2013-02-07 01:48:47
Hmm, I wonder if BTC&lt;-&gt;This Thing exchanges will spring up.
Might help holders of Bitcoin in buying things off of amazon, while allowing people who get stuck with these plug nickles to cash back out? Might allow this all to happen with fire sale savings to the bitcoin holders, too. :D
@_date: 2013-08-30 05:53:41
c'mon, don't say that. If Reality4you didn't have anything to whinge about for 5 minutes straight he might wither up and die. T\^T
@_date: 2013-07-22 21:37:27
It does, which is why bitcoin users went to this location to express their views and to engage in debate.
"Wrong" is not a function of whether or not you disagree with me, Wrong is a function of whether your predictive models are falsifiable, internally consistent and correlate with existing and oncoming empirical evidence.
So, for example "My prejudice is right because the Bible says so, and the Bible is right because it agrees with my prejudice" or "Eww, buttcoin sounds icky! It's a scam because it smells of farts" fail to be internally consistent and predictive models, and it doesn't take an awful lot of enlightenment to overpower that.
@_date: 2013-06-29 00:01:47
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
To facilitate trades, I recommend [BitMit]( [Localbitcoins]( (name not relevant; they support and escrow for arbitrary non-local trades as well!) and Freenode 
Good luck!
@_date: 2013-03-01 21:12:22
It's not showing up on [sipa.be]( yet. :&lt;
@_date: 2013-02-26 21:15:13
On the one hand, one can argue that Bitcoin transaction fees represent a comparable drag on donations through our system, though hopefully representing a smaller percentage of non-micro-donations volume. Microdonations on the other hand "here, have $.50usd!" can get a bit spendy with recommended txn fees like 0.005btc. :J
On the OTHER other hand, donations are normally not a time-sensitive thing and thus smaller or zero txn fees and waiting for a charitable miner to eventually process the txn are more viable. So at least Bitcoin *has* a way to handle such things, whereas Paypal, not so much. :3
@_date: 2013-08-30 23:50:00
8 people can scan QR codes at the same time. 1 server has to walk around and swipe each person's card, wait for auth, print receipt, figure out tip, while everyone else waits their turn.
@_date: 2013-01-27 08:43:14
Yeah, that's the site that makes the coins. :D
So why not just get someone who lives near you to order them off the site, then buy it off them for cash? :&gt;
@_date: 2013-02-26 08:53:06
It's been discussed a few times. I want to offer money and use those little sliders to devote on development direction, but I *don't* want to finance Paypal in the process.
@_date: 2013-08-15 00:12:56
1. It is a wiki, so anybody can create a free account and edit it. [Start here](
2. [Here is a list of their administrators]( in case you've other reasons to contact them or in case the signup page isn't working right. :3
@_date: 2013-02-17 03:34:22


How are they any less useful than to those who began interacting with bitcoin in 2009?
It's a currency. You buy or you earn or you obtain some, and then you spend it. It's never not worked that way.
Feel free to clarify if there are specific concerns that you have, because I just feel confused by the question. :3
@_date: 2013-03-22 18:06:45
Woohoo!  Do you know how you'll be able to decrypt said encrypted address to perform a spend? Is there a standard protocol other wallet softwares also support, or you'd just visit bitaddress again to decrypt before making the spend?
@_date: 2013-05-03 23:39:30
From our sidebar:


In this case, what I might recommend is that you make a blog post linking either to this slashdot submission or to the i-programmer article which describes how this advancement directly relates to Bitcoin.
I don't think our average reader will grock the significance, hell I know quite a bit of deep crypto and *I* don't even understand what you're driving at.. but I am curious! ;3
@_date: 2013-04-23 23:37:54
Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
@_date: 2013-04-07 21:47:52
[Bank user still affected](
@_date: 2013-03-16 13:59:36
dju get to keep the $2,350usd worth of coin (at today's exchange rate) that you mined with a couple of days' computer work, or did you blow it on a slice from a pizza bagel? :D
@_date: 2013-03-21 18:43:32
Thanks, Obama!
No seriously though, misattribution. :P
@_date: 2013-11-07 11:58:17
Which is neither the opposite of nor mutually exclusive to "power to control others". One is about your capacity while the other is about other people's capacity related to you.
@_date: 2013-04-24 01:02:39
Optimum currency area: skip down to [Criticisms, Austrian]( for one of the more popular schools of thoughts among Bitcoin advocates. :3
@_date: 2013-04-10 20:01:42
Thousandaire reporting in.
I bought in at Xusd in Feb, then sold out Xusd at March.
Remaining interest from just that month climbed as high as 6*X at $250. Now it's dipped as low as 3.3*X at $140.
Bitcoin's unit price would have to go negative before I could possibly lose money by holding. All I'm doing now is perfecting a method to arbitrage when markets like MtGox and Bitfloor skew off by $100 or more. (I'd be already doing it, but it's hard to get USD into Gox.. ;P)
@_date: 2013-01-10 00:42:21
Neither do dead performers who's copyright lives on for another 70 years after them.
@_date: 2013-08-05 23:50:52
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* No referral links in submissions.
* No compilations of free Bitcoin sites.
@_date: 2013-04-09 20:20:37
I think you're getting threads subtly mixed up, this is a reply on your removed shovelful of content announcement. ;3
Nonetheless, do you mean you suspect your comment replies are stuck in the spam filter? Many were reported, and the reports thus far have been dismissed. I don't see any red items in your comment history, can you offer a link to one of the comments you worry is filtered?
@_date: 2013-01-26 06:37:06
Bitcoin is digital cash for people who want absolute control over their wealth in a digital form. You can send any amount of bitcoin you want, to anyone in the world, at next to no fees and without anyone else having to grant permission or even know. Not a bank, not a payment processor, no middlemen with their hands in the pie taking fees and passing judgments.
@_date: 2013-08-03 01:25:18
If you aren't terribly concerned about the privacy of the transaction, could you give us the txid so we can look it up on blockchain.info?
The general algorithm that a wallet will use to create a spend out of your address is:
1. Gather up all the unspent inputs at source address, or in source wallet.
2. Do I have enough valid, confirmed unspent inputs to send the quantity of BTC user is asking for?
3. If wallet does not (in your case, if wallet only has fewer than 0.05+mining fee of bitcoin available from confirmed inputs) then you're liable to see this error.
It is not impossible to construct a transaction that relies on unconfirmed inputs, however that transaction will fail in a failed-doublespend-chain if your input transactions fail, and cannot confirm (literally, cannot be included into a block) until your input transactions are.
So unless you're hoping to doublespend your target, or unless you're an SDice-like gambling site where the payoff fails if the bet fails, then you've either got to wait for your input to clear or just obtain a few usd-pennies more bitcoin from another source with proper mining fee.
@_date: 2013-08-17 00:32:45
Alright, I'm looking at the block chain right now. I've talked to Coinbase (or whoever) and I've got the address you put your money into. And I see you just moved a big hunk to this address over here.
Who do I have to sleep with to find out whether that new address is a mixing service, or another exchange, or bob's llama sox emporium or silk road? Or another address that you control, or somebody stealing your coins? 
@_date: 2013-04-05 21:36:54
Nobody can tell the future, but many of us do believe strongly that Bitcoin will become an important global payment system over time. Many among those believe that doing so is impossible without Bitcoin having a very large market cap.
Because the ultimate number of bitcoins is 21 million, owning 10 bitcoins is simply another way of saying that you own 1 part in 2.1 million market share of the bitcoin currency. If that market share must grow from today's [1.5 billion usd]( to a figure more suitable to global trading and commerce like $1 trillion+ usd, then your 10BTC will be worth something in the vicinity of $50,000-$100,000usd.
That's not quite a million for your investment, but I'd say that's good returns on a several thousand dollar buy-in. You can see [falkvinge]( for a more detailed write-up. Also check out this awe-inspiring infographic on money supply and the cost of all things great and small posted by [Randall Monroe of XKCD](
Now, have we got a lot more problems to solve before eating single digits of all global currency trade? Yes. But I have faith that we'll get there, and certainly sail on beyond where we are today. :P
The trick for you, young padawan, is to learn the ins and outs of this system so that in the thin chance that the machinery breaks or important security changes happen you'll see it coming with enough foresight to protect your investment.
@_date: 2013-04-10 00:07:43


How are you getting that copy of wallet.aes.json? Most people use the Dropbox, Google Drive or Email backup features from BCI, and BCI sends an encrypted copy of your wallet file to you in those methods.
If you're ever in an emergency and need to decrypt one of these backups, you can use [the decryption page]( offered by BCI. You can also save that HTML to your drive for a rainy day in case BCI completely goes tits up, I've done that for example.
@_date: 2013-02-25 06:43:21
I agree with Stock Blocker. Negotiating a lower price with this chump is meaningless if there's some other guy willing to pay just under that.
Still, Bitmit would feel safer to me if they made all betters immediately place their bet amounts into escrow so they can't back out after committing a bet. :P  Safer still if the escrow were 2-of-3 so that Bitmit itself would have reduced attack surface area.
But it is what it is, I just hope this and the other bettor aren't wasting your time. :J
@_date: 2013-01-19 02:32:00
One way I make beer money is making gestures, toys, games, etc on [Secondlife]( Hell, I've been doing that since before there was a Bitcoin. ;3  But nowadays I sell most of those profits (~$40/mo) on [VirWoX]( to get coin.
You can check out [Bitgigs]( to, though I've never really tried them meself. :3
@_date: 2013-03-28 22:54:53
Aside from popular interest and such, a major difference between last year and this was the late november reward halving, which suddenly cut our ~25% annual inflation rate down to ~12.5%.
Demand did not cut by any similar constant at the same time.
@_date: 2013-05-02 21:38:13
Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere. is dedicated to news and information related to Bitcoin — an ecosystem of infrastructure and support built around the original blockchain. Not to soapboxing from competitor currencies that can't gain recognition or PR on their own merits.
Sell all your Bitcoins. Get your LTC traded on MtGox. Create a new currency every time you need something new to pump and dump, and then label that "diversity". But that's not what this community is about.
You have and you have Hell, you can even pay reddit to advertise those on pageviews from But we're not donating billboards to your badly researched misinformation here.
If your way is really better you just have to prove that the hard way and steal our thunder via performance and beating the pavement, break the same ground we broke instead of acting a parasite.
@_date: 2013-04-25 01:06:16
So given the amount of original research you have to offer on the matter, I think the best option would be to make a blog post about your interpretation, link to all your source material such as this article about the Slovenia banking crisis, and then offer a link to your blog post.
Heck, above comment basically qualifies for that. ;3
As mods we have to keep out the links to sources not directly referencing Bitcoin because we want community votes to reflect the relation to bitcoin, and not reflect how scary and crazy general finance is. So if your blog post hits the nail on the head people will upvote it, if they feel your interpretation is lacking it won't get exposure.
Raw news unrelated to Bitcoin however would always get upvoted unfairly because everyone will draw their own private interpretations and sensationalism sells.
We want to define ourselves by what Bitcoin is, not by how distasteful non-bitcoin things are. :3
@_date: 2013-03-21 22:40:47
That would be a fine excuse, then.
Let's all lobby Adzerk, I'm sure Reddit will accept whatever payment methods they do! ;D
@_date: 2013-01-04 01:53:35
It's called a [heatmap chart]( the heatmap displays brighter colored (hotter) areas where trading volume is higher. :3
@_date: 2013-04-23 01:39:02
Step 1&gt; Become a Prince. :J
@_date: 2013-04-24 01:07:27
Precious metals have been the primary currency of mankind for thousands of years, though they have failed over the past century due to being too expensive to transport, to secure and to authenticate as human industry (and thus need for an agile money supply) has scaled up rapidly.
Their void has lead to a proliferation of centralized fiat currencies which are controlled by individual human administrative organizations who face a constant conflict of interest: From one moment to the next they always have the opportunity to ruin the economy in exchange for personal gain.
As that centralized power changes hand from one planner to the next, this inevitably occurs by degrees until the currency collapses.
Bitcoin has all of the important, decentral properties of precious metals: No one administrative authority can control it. But it also eliminates the above-listed limitations to precious metals: it is very close to zero cost to secure, to transmit or to authenticate.
@_date: 2013-01-17 22:58:42
I commonly do paypal/BTC exchanges with people I don't know at volumes 1BTC or lower. It's too small for anyone to go through the hassle of charging back, and the first time somebody does that to me it will be a learning experience. I don't carry a paypal balance so I'm not bovvered if they freeze me, either. *shrugs*
But it is fully worth knowing about those obstacles before taking my path, I'll admit. :D
@_date: 2013-06-21 03:08:00
I don't see why not. If you don't see an option in your preferences to delete account, then I'd email them support and ask.
@_date: 2013-02-23 04:09:07
rebound is already happening tho. These buy windows are really, really short. lol!
@_date: 2013-08-29 09:12:37
Yep. Assuming your wallet PC is personally free from malware, and your secret keys stay secret, and you have a local, up to date copy of the blockchain then you are simply generating a signed transaction string. That signed transaction string can make it to the network in any way you want it to, so long as it gets to the network and spreads around (before you personally double spend those inputs in a different direction) then the transaction will make it into a block and the money will irreversibly belong to the receiving party.
Network transit could be controlled by receiving party or even controlled by somebody who hates you both: worst case scenario is they block the transaction. They cannot replay or manipulate the transaction to dispose of output balances held at your accounts to any other end.
Like says, be mindful that you are not directed to spend to addresses or in amounts or exchange rates different than happen to be accurate. Also, you should not *accept* zero-conf payment as valid without sufficient, clean access to the network, or alternately without 2+ locally-verified confirmations for small amounts.. perhaps 6 for large amounts.
@_date: 2013-07-30 08:06:29
Wires? No, this is a screenshot from Coinbase which uses ACH. Also, Coinbase does offer instant BTC buying for level 2 verified accounts.
@_date: 2013-04-10 08:22:57
As somebody who builds direct line microwave links as a day job, A&gt; they're not doing that and B&gt; you want optical links if you're trying to optimize latency.
Anyway, they're slowly beginning to realize that Bitcoin *is* a real thread, but too late to be down on any of the kick ass shirts we're weaving out of it. 8I
@_date: 2013-03-11 16:42:18
We had several core bitcoin developers with working units publishing their hashrates in February.
Since the long runaround BFL has been giving us for a better part of a year now, not one of us have spoke favorably of any ASIC manufacturer until hashrate is demonstrated. Avalon and ASICminer have crossed that threshold, BFL has not. On top of this, when I called and emailed BFL asking for simple information about their product in September (at the time basically ready to pre-order) I heard nothing from them for 6 weeks.
@_date: 2013-01-09 05:37:02
I've been flamed plenty for doing this already, :pbpbp
@_date: 2013-08-16 08:17:30
Yip. :3
@_date: 2013-03-08 17:27:57
For anyone who needs to move funds or is getting jittery, you did set up automatic email or Gdrive or Dropbox backups, didn't you? If so you should always have the ability to access your wealth, and if you've nothing better to do then now is a fine time to drill yourself on that emergency procedure. :3
The [BCI Decrypt Wallet page]( is still accessable for the time being, and I know there are other copies out there but download that self-contained JS-only gem for your own sake on a rainy day. Practice decrypting a backed up copy of your wallet and opening that in another client like BitcoinQT or Multibit. Breathe sigh of relief. :B
@_date: 2013-01-07 22:42:47
That's possible, but might as well make use of it until then, eh? :D
@_date: 2013-01-04 02:41:08
Not that I am aware of, but they are people who care about how closely they are being scrutinized by a government which is foreign to them.
I'll turn the question around on you, then. Why is it that "gambling" is an activity that should make it okay for foreign governments to be allowed to invade your privacy?
If you contract to do legal business, any business legal in your country with company X, and unbeknownst to either of you a foreign government extorts a foreign software developer to hack into Company X's systems and gather intel on your legal, but potentially controversial or embarrassing business activities (which would be illegal in that foreign jurisdiction) then wouldn't that be enough to make you consider a more private route to do business, one where even Company X doesn't have to know your identity?
Or are you the sort which would be perfectly happy having Chinese spy cameras installed in your shower?
@_date: 2013-04-19 03:26:32
This question is complicated just a little bit by the assumptions that it makes.
For example: are you assuming that the person who is making this decision already has Bitcoin, or even already has Bitcoin-denominated income, or that they would have to start from square one to convert a glut of dollars into Bitcoin first before  trying to make a purchase?
Are you assuming the merchants are equally available (EG, you want to buy electronics and choose between Bitcoinstore and Amazon) or that this hapless buyer must do work to hunt down a merchant who accepts bitcoin?
Bitcoin is new, it's on par with the personal computer before anybody invented a disk operating system for it, let alone a spreadsheet killer app. If it's 1980, and you can ask "Should I buy a PC or a Typewriter", you're not yet going to be able to justify the PC solely on it's return on investment at helping you rapidly put letters on paper over the next couple of years.
Fast forward 33 years and printers and word processors have come far enough to give the PC a dominant edge over the typewriter in that narrow arena, plus the entire arena has been rendered moot by the paperless office.. let alone the infinite number of unrelated benefits granted by the PC.
Bitcoin is unquestionably more awkward to use to satisfy mundane real world payments today than cash, debit cards or paypal. Nonetheless, early adopters such as myself take on that awkwardness and use it anyway for the same reason we suffered word processors before they were ripe in 1980. Because the more you practice it the more it becomes clear how to slowly eliminate said awkwardness, as well as how to bypass the overarching paradigm the older money systems were designed to cater to.
Paypal took shape about 10 years ago on the back of the promise to make *accepting* payments easier for small and home businesses. Sell trinkets? Do freelance work? With paypal, you could accept money starting with nothing more than an email address, instead of building a byzantine, expensive merchant relationship with a bank.
10 years later Paypal is groaning under the stress of buyer fraud, identity theft and dispute resolution. Every small merchant I know has to think twice before accepting paypal payments from unknown entities because they are almost guaranteed to eat the chargeback fraud.
So let me pose the question to you another way: In an America (and broader world) with soaring unemployment and fewer reliable ways to *earn* USD, are there benefits to accepting payments in Bitcoin to boot?
There are. And then once you have a Bitcoin balance, are there benefits to buying goods using your Bitcoins?
Of course. :D
@_date: 2013-04-13 03:27:01
"Protected" is a cute way of putting it. If your money is lost they just print more for you. Your deposits are whole, bank robbers get richer, the people who man the printing press really don't care one way or another, I guess everyone wins, don't they?
Makes you wonder why it's worth keeping the bank robbers out at all. Just print money on demand when people need it, and let them throw it away when they don't need it instead of depositing.
@_date: 2013-05-07 21:58:04
Hello, please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:


@_date: 2013-03-03 11:40:41
otoh, you could write a client that empties all of the transactions to a new address if you were extra paranoid. To whit: once you spend from any address, it's public key becomes a visible part of the blockchain (where only it's address, an RIPMD-160 hash of the public key was previously visible) and the public key being exposed IIRC opens your private key up slightly to quantum brute force attacks which may become possible some day. 
It's just interesting to think that even that could be resisted if your client emptied the entire address with ever spend. ;3
@_date: 2013-08-21 20:47:31
Well you don't *make* a bitcoin. It's not a product that you can just produce. When you mine BTC, you *are being paid* to secure other people's transactions. Part of what you are paid is fresh coin generated by the network, of which you are part. But that coin is only allocated to you by the authority of the network at large, and that is done as a reward for helping to secure the network and to ratify transactions.
So it's income and I'd call taxing that on par with income tax.
@_date: 2013-03-04 21:03:19
Late last year I tried holding equal parts Bitcoin and Silver.
Bitcoin rose in value and made me hundreds (on the modest investment I had at the time). The Silver dropped in value and I lost at least a hundred there.
I liquidated the Silver. :P
@_date: 2013-03-03 23:07:23
Our *four*...no... *Amongst* our weapons.... Amongst our weaponry...are such elements as fear, surprise.... I'll come in again.
@_date: 2013-01-19 22:23:38
You use the Bitme website to declare that you're going to make a deposit, and they reserve a slot for you and tell you what bank account number to deposit the cash into and the amount to deposit. You request amount X and they often alter that by just a few cents to keep your deposits different from Bitme's other customer deposits, to help them more easily identify your deposit.
You then take that information to Chase, and fill out a deposit slip to that bank account in that amount, and hand that all to the cashier to make the deposit. Keep your receipt for your own protection in case any dispute arises, and as soon as Bitme sees the deposit they credit your account on the website. It's very fast and easy, and no complicated moneygram red phones or binders. :3
@_date: 2013-01-04 21:20:08


My data center gets cheap hydroelectric power, so I pay about $0.07usd per kwh. Each of the rack mount rigs I have pull 600-800watts and generate ~1.4Gh/s with two ATI 6990's. So at present I'm still pulling ~40% profit margin off of those after accounting for my overhead. Not enough to multiply the GPU rigs past my current holdings, but I'm also early on both BFL and bASIC's pre-order lists for their low end offerings so I'll keep head above water whether or not either of them deliver.
But I'll pretend that I'm cheating somehow and exploiting child labor if that helps you maintain the illusion that nobody can accomplish things which you personally can't. ;3
@_date: 2013-08-14 22:11:17
Then do not think of it as "mining for digital gold", because that perspective is obviously muddying the waters for you.
There exists a money system. It has certain very desirable properties, such as incredible counterfeit deterrence, easy authenticity, no central authority so any people can participate but no people can abuse the core of the system, censor payments between private, voluntary participants or confiscate people's funds. Contrast with fiat that is entirely controlled and abused by a central bank.
Obviously that would be a money system many people would desire to use. Standard criminals for one, but legitimate people who simply do not want criminal banks and governments to interfere with them or overcharge them also.
In order to use this system, a couple of things also have to happen. 
**One:** work must be done (in a decentralized manner) to actually run the system. Some participants must take turns acting as referees who notarize other people's transactions. Those workers ought to be paid, because that is important work which bad actors would otherwise try to subvert or attack. Better pay means more people doing more challenging work (or investing in and maintaining computing hardware that performs more challenging work) and a more difficult thicket for bad actors to subvert. So bitcoin transactions include a voluntary "transaction fee", and these referees get to choose which transactions offer a high enough fee for them to personally ratify.. offering too low a fee or zero fee means your transaction may take a long time to clear.
**Two:** The original units of money have to start out somewhere. Most goverment fiat is either spent into circulation by the government (meaning the government gets unnaturally wealthy) or created as a counterbalance to credit loaned to individuals with interest (meaning the banks who loan credit get unnaturally wealthy, paid to loan out money that doesn't properly exist to begin with..)
Bitcoin was designed to mint its money supply — the rate of which falls off exponentially over time — and award that as a subsidy to the referees who do the work to safeguard the system. This subsidy serves to reward the risk of early referees who are securing the thin volume of transactions present as the system just gets started, because the work of securing a thousand transactions per day is at least half as hard and important to defend from attack as the work of securing a billion transactions per day will be one day, when a billion transaction fees will eventually represent some real revenue even without the subsidy.
There is a lot more to the story (such as the details of what these referees' computers actually do and how every inch of that works in concert to defend the system), but the take home is that "mining", or being a referee is a real job with real expenses and real revenue paid to you directly by the global network of people who use bitcoin and need as large a population as possible of unconnected self-interests to aggregately secure their network.
Mull that thought over in your head for awhile. Today miners make a lot of revenue in newly minted coin and a little in transaction fees, *but every satoshi of that* is in every appreciable way paid directly to you by every voluntarily participating Bitcoin user. The transaction fees are a tax against moving money you personally ratify, the newly minted coin is an inflation tax offered by every person who holds a bitcoin balance. Both of these offers are perfectly voluntary, because every bitcoin user knows the exact prescribed inflation rate they signed on for when they chose to hold balances in this currency. Again, compare with Government fiat that prints faster and faster every quarter with no meaningful oversight.
@_date: 2013-02-16 13:06:49
ya, I saw your picture in the cockpit and all, but do you actually own one you can drive around and all? x3
@_date: 2013-04-07 21:44:32
* No referral links in submissions.
@_date: 2013-07-09 21:19:31
I'll research bittylicious a bit, from the posting it looks like petitioning bitpay to lower their GBP minimums might be a good idea also.
@_date: 2013-02-02 16:43:04
I would say it is fair to say that, since mining sees fixed rewards (prescribed subsidy + invariant transaction fees) split among all participants by GH, that bringing more GH to bear simply allows a specific miner to claim a larger share of the fixed pie in direct, perfect competition against the other miners.
But far from being a bad thing, I would call this a good thing. Arms races are a great way to optimize for power, which is exactly what the Bitcoin network requires in order to remain secure in the face of possible state co-option. :3
@_date: 2013-03-14 13:50:40
A fully decentralized Bitcoin node, such as the satoshi client, today needs to store the entire blockchain. It weighs about 7GB with the Windows 0.8.0 client when the program is switched off (I just basically weighed mine ;3) and weighed about 2.5GB in June 2012 when I started out.
That means you can use [Blockchain.info's "size of the blockchain" chart]( to extrapolate the growth easily, and just throw perhaps 1.4-1.5GB of indexing overhead on top since the chart only measures the data payload and not the indexes which allow extra disk space to buy you extra speed.
Developers are debating and perfecting ideas to allow full nodes to only store recent-balance-information for each unspent output instead of the full transaction log, but the danger of history manipulation grows when you allow that and the utility of doing so is logarithmically limited. Assuming transaction volume growth is exponential, all of history will always be comparable to a simple ratio of open balances.
Casual users do not need to run full nodes in order for the economy to be decentralized however. If they run light nodes and rely on individuals they trust to run the full nodes, then that's still a significantly less central method than yielding 100% of your wealth to rarefied banking franchises. :J
@_date: 2013-02-16 01:12:35
Alternately if it had a decent webcam/QR scanner then you could flash it your address to send funds to from your smartphone. A lot of people don't know how to mess with paper wallets. :/
@_date: 2013-05-05 00:08:06
Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy.
@_date: 2013-07-02 22:18:40


People shit all over it because it is not a decentralized P2P exchange, it only masquerades as one. It is centralized, closed source, it runs the conflict of interest inherent to the pre-mined scam coin XRP and assuming it ever got popular enough to see widespread use nothing would stop regulators (or the actual Mafia, etc) from simply phoning up OpenCoin and forcing them to install a backdoor into their closed source implementation to either track or to manipulate the network.. in the same spirit as Liberty Reserve which came before it.
The original, very promising Ripple concept was co-opted and soured. That's what everyone here is up in arms about. Imagine late nineties Microsoft buying IP rights from Linux and then throwing away the kernel, slapping Xwindows over NT and selling it as "that trendy openy source thing everyone seems to love so much". 
@_date: 2013-11-13 18:28:12
I chalk that up under column "drugs", lol :3
@_date: 2013-02-07 00:19:07
1. Coinbase ACH doesn't take 2-3 days, it takes a week. ACH to most other places I've done business with (Paypal, VirWoX, Bitfloor back when they did, etc) takes 2-3 days. Coinbase just takes a week, both directions, and I'm not certain why. :?
2. What I think the killer app is, is building a network of shops and ATMs that both accept and offer cash (but no credit card) in exchange for BTC, open 24/7; and then take the extra step of negotiating with the nearest participant on that network near your relatives to remit money without the end user *having* to know what Bitcoin even is.
You just start a network, focus on US:USD&lt;-&gt;BTC&lt;-&gt;Mexico:Peso first, then franchise new branches or even as a side business for participating retailers to try. You incentivize new people to join your network (and follow the rules of your network including fee caps, reputation etc) by allowing them to keep a cut of the txn fees and as a traffic amplifier for whatever other businesses they have (eg, people relaying money at your store are also liable to shop there and tell their friends who will shop there :9)
Because your primary currency is BTC and the local currency is the secondary, you also support buying and selling BTC directly and give savvy end-users a leg up in cobbling together their own BTC-based remittance options. EG, US family not near a participating branch and not in a hurry can buy BTC with Coinbase, and send that to the participating branch near the Mexican family member to complete the txn, etc. Anyone brave enough to DIY this step is halfway to becoming their own franchise branch and filling that geographic niche, serving their own interests and making money.
And finally, any patchwork of politically disjoint networks like this could still easily be used in tandem. US family member buys BTC off of HaitiNet (who only has branches in US/Haiti) sends the BTC to branch of MexicoNet who only does US/Mexico/Guatamala, doesn't have US branch near this user, and charges way more even if they did.. money saved on buying in at HaitiNet, only (expensive) cashout option used to get money to the Mexican recipient; but still saved on half the txn. :J
@_date: 2013-03-01 20:49:11
Maybe it's a desserted island! ;D
@_date: 2013-06-20 20:29:34


In that case, let us add the costs of transporting, securing, and insuring $1million worth of bullion, which depending on distance I am certain can easily surpass $30,000 usd. Once spent, winds of cultural change make the asset worth less than all the expense you went to secure it from theft and you're left underwater.
Compare with Bitcoin, can be secured with discipline in information security and commodity computing hardware and minimal internet access. Negligible transport cost across the globe trusting zero administrative third parties. Those are qualities just as unique as being [ductile or non-reactive]( and so long as those qualities are valid people will desire this asset in order to transact with. Should circumstance render this, or any asset undesirable you'll be out the investment, sure. But you will not be out exorbitant security and transport costs.
Furthermore, Bitcoin is the only currency which can pay transaction fees. You mentioned fiat taxation above, this is an example of Bitcoin taxation which price balances units of Bitcoin to the expenses of mining (hardware / electricity costs).
If a jeweler has an ounce of gold, he will demand an equivalent trade for it (say, $Xusd) or demand that premium in his gilded products because that's what he needs to get another ounce of gold from another source, or that's what he needs to get replacement material to serve the same purpose. Bitcoin Miners will demand transaction fees of a size necessary to at least cover their hardware and electricity investments or they will not expediently ratify your transaction. That is your price floor.
@_date: 2013-04-25 22:01:17
Bitcoin has both the qualities of a commodity and of a currency. But during it's early inception, while infrastructure is still being built out, it is still challenging to securely use as a currency.
Firstly merchant adoption is weak compared to other currencies, secondly trading Bitcoin for other currencies is difficult due to government interest in regulation (nobody knows how IRS will want to tax it, FinCen threatens people with obscure rules about expensive "money transmitter" registration processes, etc).
And lastly and probably most importantly, Bitcoin's market cap is still small enough that it's perceived trade value is volatile. Those who have bitcoin or offer to accept bitcoin have a hard time deciding how to price other goods in Bitcoin. This is even tougher with long-term obligations, like contracts or escrow.. as the exchange rate of Bitcoin will fluctuate by the end of the obligation when the coin finally comes into the receiver's hands.
I believe infrastructure will continue growing more reliable and sophisticated over time. I believe volatility will reduce a lot as our market cap grows, and I also believe that some clever people will figure out brilliant ways to neutralize the risks of volatility in simple person to person transactions given enough exposure to the problem. But until these obstacles get overcome Bitcoin trades quite a bit like a commodity. :J
@_date: 2013-03-22 02:40:25
ugh. Use 00010100 for space, already. T\^T
@_date: 2013-08-01 21:02:07
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrencies belong elsewhere.
I'd recommend @_date: 2013-04-28 16:35:07
I think their goal (though I cannot report how successfully they attain it) is to prevent recalcitrant manipulators of the system from learning precisely where the boundaries are to avoid tripping the alarms in future.
That said, I normally point out to folks when I see them shadowbanned, and when they're not behaving obnoxiously. :3
@_date: 2013-03-06 15:31:30


I open an app like [BCI wallet]( or others on my phone, scan the code and hit "go". I do this all the time. How is this less convenient than filling in my name, billing address, telephone number, cc number, expiration date, and CVV2 code in 12 different fields, exactly?
@_date: 2013-02-06 22:51:35
bluh, I'm still a "newbie" on bitcointalk.org because I can't be arsed to post another 4 times in the newbie forum with nothing to say, and risk my artificial postings being interpreted as spam. ;P
But it sounds like Mike Hearn is bemoaning the complexity of rolling dispute mediation (you can still call it "escrow" from the blockchain's perspective, even if not from the mediator's perspective. ;D) into a generalized, p2p client experience. I don't know if that should be the first thing we target though, I think developing some sort of rough mediator software that either professional mediators or marketplaces like bitmit could adopt to do the heavy lifting, then they just need the public keys of the buyer and seller to start the process, generate an address that the buyer dumps funds into, and they would generate a txn that the buyer and/or seller would need to be able to sign off on to release the funds.
In that use case, which sound similar to your betting scenario as well, there is no "dropdown yellowpages of available mediators" since the marketplace provider does that for you. The last remaining complications are:
* Getting the layperson's public keys
* Getting the layperson to sign the txn releasing funds
@_date: 2013-02-09 06:00:20
That's the beauty of the countability of sets. Infinite sets can be compared and get any finite or even infinite remainder you choose, based on how you match them up.
For example: map natural numbers (integers &gt;= 1) onto natural numbers with f(x) = x. Every x lines up with an f(x), no remainder. Try again with f(x) = x+1, now suddenly every x lines up with an f(x), except x=1 because no natural number put in will give an f(x)=1. Try f(x) = 2x, and now only half the x line up with an f(x). This time an infinite number of x are never the result of f(x), while every x input does get assigned a valid output that is another natural number.
All I am saying is, every real number including 0 can be mapped to an imaginary via the somewhat inelegant hack [f(x) = (x + ceil(x+.5)) * sqrt(-1)]( Plenty of imaginary numbers don't get real numbers mapping to them in this case, but every real number does get successfully mapped to an imaginary. :3
@_date: 2013-04-24 01:18:23
Foodler doesn't cover my area, so I don't have much opinion here. :S
@_date: 2013-07-19 23:20:50
Sure, but this submission is not relevant to bitcoin. It's a job posting specifically to add zerocoin to alt currencies.
This is on par with, say I'm selling my alienware desktop computer. That computer can conceivably mine bitcoin, it can host a full blockchain node. It can run wallet software. But if my ad is not mentioning bitcoin in some way, it's off-topic to post here.
@_date: 2013-07-11 01:40:39
.. however that ought not be confused with *a physical ATM*. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-16 12:15:04
It's worth noting that this scam only works with cold-calling. There was a square one TV episode covering this, too. :J
@_date: 2013-03-07 08:29:03
12% trade loss, before you even factor in s/h.
@_date: 2013-07-25 01:06:49


I'm curious about these guys. Do you have to live in NJ to be able to do business with them? What direct relationship could people from the other side of the country or the world entertain with them?
@_date: 2013-03-10 11:00:14
THEN you start a casino. xD
@_date: 2013-07-17 23:07:53
I recommend "buy amazon gift cards from [Gyft]( then buy things directly from Amazon".
But not before checking whether [Bitcoinstore]( or [Bitcoinin]( doesn't already carry the thing you are after. :J
@_date: 2013-03-03 12:54:18
heer, try [this link]( good sir. :3
@_date: 2013-07-26 10:09:01
Among other things, it breaks the [Reddit code of conduct](
@_date: 2013-08-15 00:37:45
Then your options are going to be region specific. Perhaps if you let us know your country people can offer advice tailored to your circumstances.
For example "I can't buy bitcoin with credit card" followed by "I live in Iran" would elicit a facepalm because you can't use credit cards at all in Iran due to the financial sanctions imposed there. 
BTC-e and VirWoX are the only avenues I know of to expensively purchase Bitcoin via credit card, and bank payment options vary by country. US uses ACH, Europe uses some better bank transfer service that I can't remember what it's called, I don't know what Canada uses but campbx is popular there. The whole world can use International Wire and many exchanges support that but $15-$45 in fees is pretty steep.
Also check [LocalBitcoins]( because they not only list local traders you can meet and exchange cash for BTC in person, but they also list online traders who accept OKPay, cash deposit to their bank account, Western Union, etc and LBC runs the escrow between so that even if an individual tries to mess with you LBC can work to ensure your end of the deal gets properly honored.
@_date: 2013-04-10 19:36:36
Hard to tell without more information, but it looks like the spread was very wide at that moment.
If the biggest buy order is ~130, and the smallest sell is for 114BTC at 136 and then nothing until you get to 180, then buy and sell activity would eat at those walls on either end of the wide spread. Looks like the 136 wall got eaten, for example.
@_date: 2013-02-14 11:33:35
+tip 0.03 BTC That's some good info, right thar. :3
Does your green dot account charge a $5/mo maintenance fee, like the green dot cards I've browsed all seem to?
@_date: 2013-09-08 08:33:38
Yeah, they could do that in conjunction with broadcasting themselves, couldn't they? And then if they can't do one because the other has already bled through the network, then mission accomplished.
I publish my tx's through a simple, hosted bitcoin-qt client that doesn't hold any wallets and connects to 8 peers. I've done this for nearly a year now, and I have never, ever, ever seen a tx fail to hit blockchain.info mempool before I could load the page.
Now OP does not mention how they are receiving Bitcoin funds. Is it possible that they're doing something custom and that their payment end is badly connected, last to hear about transactions?
@_date: 2013-07-28 21:53:13
A&gt; Do you suggest that bitcoin users do not own the bitcoin balances controlled by the unique private keys that only they have access to?
B&gt; Whether A is accurate or not, what ownership sense do you suggest leads to transient problems for the bitcoin platform at large?
@_date: 2013-04-08 05:18:17
Politeness fine: negative 2 bucks!
+tip $2
@_date: 2013-04-12 02:02:07
And now the twitter entry is offline for some reason, but [this status message]( is still legit and may be kept up to date.
@_date: 2013-04-02 19:31:33
Get a merchant to feel confident in the bitcoin-based decentralized currency algorithm, and then ask him if he'd prefer to work with one network that is older and more road tested, has greater support including merchant services and active development and a 10 minute block schedule, or another with virtually none of the above and a 2.5 minute block schedule.
Look... me and the McDonald's people got this little misunderstanding. See, they're McDonald's... I'm McDowell's. They got the Golden Arches, mine is the Golden Arcs. They got the Big Mac, I got the Big Mick. We both got two all-beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles and onions, but their buns have sesame seeds. My buns have no seeds.
@_date: 2013-03-07 08:26:30
I find that every major exchange and broker have their own pros and cons.
Coinbase pros include:
* cheap coins (1% fee)
* convenient ACH to move USD in and out
* price locked in at time you decide to post the transaction
cons (relative to some other exchanges) include:
* Slowest ACH I know of. My sells have completed in 3-4 days but buys take 5-6.
* ACH obviously not an anonymous or tax-law-silent exchange method for customers, compared to cash exchanges or [LocalBitcoins]( [Bitcoinary](
* Runs out of Bitcoins to sell often on high volume days
* small percent of buy ins get turned away just before the ACH was scheduled to complete due to false positives in their fraud filter (I've seen fewer reports here in the sub about this, so hopefully this filter really is maturing as [coinbase has claimed it would](
@_date: 2013-01-19 04:38:51
Sweet, because nothing but love to you both and it's just stressful to see the parents fight, lol xD
@_date: 2013-03-12 23:35:22
I wonder why LadyBytes shows up as the icon for this one? :o
I've been chucking a lot of spam images of photos with crud printed across them, this photo being one of them so I had to doubletake. ;3
@_date: 2013-01-15 21:35:28
So ya, what will you do when people order bitcoins via credit card, get their bitcoins, and then issue a chargeback through their credit card company?
That's the major reason most people don't offer to sell bitcoins for credit card, because credit card payments are easily clawed back while bitcoins are not, leading to an impedance mismatch. Is this something you're prepared for?
@_date: 2013-07-10 10:23:19
Let's see. offered the original CSS design that we presently utilize. from sfwporn subs has also previously offered to lend a hand to put some kind of link goodness in our banner. I know that also used to have some dropdown links in his sub.
I am personally interested in having links/info/dropdowns in the top banner, I feel our sub can use easily digestible information more than decorative whitespace. But it looks like we'd need to know the following things to move forward:
* Who has the skill / free time to actualize it?
* How would they like to be remunerated, and is that in our budget? (runs the sub finances, syncretic2 initially asked about a position as mod in relation to their offer of assistance)
* What's the experience like on Mobile? (mobile browsers + reddit apps like alienblue and RIF) I understand mobile won't just "be the same" or anything, but the CSS on mobile should not hamper functionality, and I feel that making links / info / policies somehow more accessible to mobile users is an equally important goal.
* Once all that's worked out, I also prefer having at least one other moderator give a thumbs up before making non-emergency changes. :3
@_date: 2013-03-16 15:30:24
The bitcoin address leaks nothing about your private key. It is the private key, not the address which is required to spend coins.
Encrypting your wallet merely encrypts that private key with a passcode. Not encrypting your wallet would be perfectly safe iff you were 100% certain nobody could get ahold of your wallet.dat (eg, you were perfectly safe from malware, did not backup unencrypted wallet somewhere less safe, etc).
As is: protect your wallet if you can. Protect your passcode as well as you can, especially from keyloggers. The more coin you hold, the more care you must take to keep that secret key secret; [cold wallets]( are a great idea too.
@_date: 2013-01-24 01:46:52
I'd prefer the greedy bastard do that to bawing online and blaming bitcoin for his terrible financial decisions.
The past is a bad indicator of the future. Bitcoin may lose value. It's current value is contingent on how it is actively traded and by who and for what reasons, it is not strongly related to what the ticker said yesterday.
Or in that case, the bubble burst because the ticker did in fact get briefly pwnt by a mtgox hack. :P
@_date: 2013-01-30 02:15:13
Yep, the blockchain is a distributed ledger book. You can think of it like an infinitude of deposit-only drop boxes, one for each address. Money to your address goes into your drop box in the blockchain, and that fact is recorded with every bitcoin node right across the world and notarized by the miner/bookkeepers, even if you're asleep and your computer's turned off. Nobody but you can spend those funds again because you have the keys, and the money will wait there for you on the distributed ledger until every last corner of the bitcoin ecosystem stops functioning, or else until some core protocol change gets made that requires your intervention to repack your funds.
When you're ready to spend the funds, things get more tricky. It is possible to take the keys in your wallet and import them directly into a hosted wallet like Blockchain.info, or into a light client like Electrum. Then you sign the transaction with your key without having to wait or sync a thing, and some server somewhere that you trust (like blockchain.info itself or the Electrum server you are configured to connect to) does the heavy lifting and verification for you.
But if you bank with Bitcoin-QT desktop client and it's clones, the program basically acts like the most paranoid and security-conscious open source process ever conceived, and does all the work right on your computer.
First, it refuses to arrange and use your wallet to sign a transaction until *it* is satisfied you have the funds stored for you on the blockchain. It won't do this just because you say "c'mon man, I'm good" (at least not without altering it's startup options :P) and it won't do this because of any trusted third party on planet earth saying "well *I* see a balance on that account..." Instead, it syncronyzes the blockchain, downloading every block and confirming the validity of every single transaction. It dots every I, crosses every T and makes sure zero rules have been fudged by anyone, anywhere, ever. Bitcoin-QT implicitly assumes that it's user, it's peers, it's IRC peer announcement channel, it's DNS, and basically everything in creation outside of your bare computer hardware is trying to lie to it simultaneously. It uses the proof of work in the blocks it is fed from the network as the final and godlike authority as to what addresses actually have what balances and what view of the ledger to actually endorse. 
Once you are all synced up, and incidentally oozing well groomed ledger back out into the network for others to consume, then and only then is that particular application satisfied that you really have the funds, and that it is really appropriate to sign a transaction spending them.
**TL;DR** All bitcoin lives on the distributed ledger, and always has. All your keys do is assign new ownership to a portion of that balance. :3
@_date: 2013-02-04 07:44:39
Hehe, [here is a fun video]( that helps to drive this point home. :3
Also a great conversation starter on the recent lawsuit that's made it legal for merchants to pass credit card fees onto customers, that [VISA loves to spin as merchant greed](
@_date: 2013-02-27 00:34:17


Not quite. It will never happen because pulsing the network does not gain profits for any single miner, nor for any collection of miners.
You cannot tease the difficulty low (even ignoring the 25% downstep limiter) without dragging one 2016 block period out for an excruciatingly long period of time during which everyone makes less profit, and then you cannot "cash in" on that lower difficulty without maxing out your gear for a pointlessly brief period where you're still only mining 2016 blocks worth of profit.
At the end of any pair of cycles, you are inputting exactly as many watts and waiting exactly as many days til the end of the cycle-pair where you earn exactly as many bitcoins (give or take users annoyed by the uneven confirmation times) as if you simply ran straight through with the same average hash rate for two cycles (which is incidentally lower than the average hash rate you'd be capable of).
Instead of pulsing what you should be asking is "why can't miners all collude to stay permanently underpowered?" and the answer is simple personal gain. If I can invest in more or better hardware or electricity to gain marketshare against the next miner over, I profit from that. That is perfect competition and that's what the free market is about, as it provides the best costs and quality to the public.
Finally, in *any* collusive case where some miners decide to underpower, either permanently or for one cycle, My asic will still run full blast and eat 75% of the blocks if that's what's available. Why? Because there is no collusion I can participate in that will earn me more reward than eating the lunch of sandbaggers. :P
@_date: 2013-06-03 23:39:50
Same here, Chrome on Windows 7.
Funny you should mention that though, I try launching Firefox and the page loads just fine. 8I
@_date: 2013-03-14 13:13:27
The fee paid is voluntary on behalf of the spender. The fee accepted is voluntary on behalf of the bookkeeper who solves any given block. The merchant selling services isn't even involved in that transaction, unlike cc/paypal where the retailer bakes the transaction fee into their price.
Today the bookkeepers are most commonly configured to give higher priority to fees 0.0005 (500 microbits) per kilobyte or more (some complex transactions, like where you're draining value from a dozen addresses in your wallet into one spend, weigh more kilobytes). Many bookkeepers flat out refuse zero fee transactions. But some bookkeepers come through like the weary wagon to pick all of those up at some cost to themselves.
Transaction fees as a percentage of transaction principal will never vary based upon Bitcoin/usd ratio, since that latter ratio will cause miner participation to ebb and flow into an equilibrium. The former will only vary based on transaction *volume*. The more people transacting, the less each one has to pay per transaction to meet the bookkeeper's needs. 
Today the block reward subsidy (which acts partly to bootstrap the bookkeeping industry before transaction volume matures) is 25BTC/block, or 3600BTC/day. [Transaction fees]( are about 60BTC/day, or 1.6% as big as the subsidy and growing. Eventually this will naturally eclipse the subsidy and bookkeeping will carry on with very little actual transition as a result. :3
@_date: 2013-07-17 18:45:49
I agree. By far the most constructive approach is to copy the text from console output, paste it into a notepad, and forcibly delete the offending section. Replace it with spaces, or stars or hunter2 or something.
That way, when you take the screenshot there is zero remaining visual information that leaks data about original private key. I would have recommended "blacking out" the segment of the image. That would be superior to blurring, yet still you might leave tails on some of the letters and numbers, and failing that depending on how the image was handled you may leak information past the black bar via jpg artifacting.
@_date: 2013-02-28 02:32:57
Opens mouth. Closes mouth.
Alright, so $8 usd is officially the largest sum I've seen anyone get tipped for naught beyond the content of their message before.
That is pretty damned awesome, thanks! xD
@_date: 2013-01-04 22:43:11
Well if you're doing cash deposit I might instead recommend using  and depositing the cash at your nearest Chase branch. Just as fast as BitInstant but 0.6% fee instead of 4.9% + $3.95. :P
@_date: 2013-02-19 20:03:35
What I've heard is that this is purely a bug in their display engine. That you have the bitcoins, but that their website is not displaying your balance properly. :/
If your goal is to withdraw your Bitcoins to your own wallet, then try simply performing the withdraw even though the Website displays 0 balance. That might in fact work, before you even hear back from coinbase. 
Can't hurt to try at any rate. :D
@_date: 2013-03-15 18:43:53
aslo u haev a typo. :3
@_date: 2013-10-23 19:35:22
I tried 1:1 when I started out basically for the reasons you stated. But then I got overwhelmed by spikes in trade requests. Thereafter I had to modulate my fees just to keep the thumps down to a dull roar.
Think very carefully about this: you are spending time and risking lost funds to meet these people and to offer them a service at their convenience. Charging a fee is not usury, it is compensation for your time and risk and many of us still operate at a clear loss after all of that is considered. That loss can be measured as donation to the health of the economy.
@_date: 2013-01-09 20:57:01
I don't know about SR but on Bitmit I was able to take advantage of their escrow when I had a dispute with a seller.
Basically the seller kept pressuring me to release funds without properly delivering the digital good in a way he could not easily snap back from me again. I told him "It's got to be delivered like this, or it's not really mine. Do this, or release the escrow funds back to me" and he said "Screw you, release funds back to me or not, you'll never see them again anyway, trololol". This all being in the site-based IM's too, he wasn't a clever man. 8I
So I just emailed Bitmit support and let them know what was going on. Admin gave seller one more chance to rectify the delivery or release escrow, and we could part on neutral terms, or they'd just release escrow to me by default. Then Seller cooperated and I got my coin back.
All in all, I'd report that the safety features done did their job in my case. 10/10 would escrow again. :D
@_date: 2013-07-02 22:39:11
That is another method they support. The two methods work in harmony, I just haven't tested the "secret code to seller" method myself yet so I can't report back on it's use in the wild. :B
@_date: 2013-07-17 23:13:25
Wait, which of the four options I mentioned are always expensive?
The primary buy/sell option I use is Coinbase. I log in, try 1BTC. Cost is $95.86, which is cheaper than MtGox' current market quote at $98.50. Coinbase math is: our exchange rate = $94.76, + coinbase fee $0.95 + bank fee $0.15.
VirWoX is fairly spendy, but the only paypal/cc game in town.  and LBC both depend entirely on what individual traders you can find and groom relationships with there.
OP asked for a *working* site, not for a "zomg I don't like paying 1.1%" site.
@_date: 2013-11-24 09:48:56


Your words were "This applies to all digital currencies", and then I'm nitpicking when I point out it doesn't apply to a single digital currency that happens to be more than 3 years old. Did they just not have computers back then where you live or something?
People have been using numbers to represent money for a hell of a lot longer than script kiddies have been demanding to be taken seriously as an acknowledgement for painstakingly altering the protocol ID in the source code for the bitcoin reference client and recompiling.


I still don't know what your point is aside from you not caring about digital currency beyond premine scams. This herd is sticking with the original protocol which enjoys developer support, merchant support, miner backing, and about ten billion dollars of vested interest. They aren't about to leave it unless the system physically fails, and then guess what? All the bad carbon copies would suffer the same fate.
Let's say Facebook or eBay open sources their infrastructure. Can you dethrone them by running "git clone" and waiting for the herd to love you?
@_date: 2013-05-14 02:21:24
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:


For news articles like this, it probably makes more sense to write up a self post or else link to an external blog article that really ties in your ideas about bitcoin with the news story. Otherwise the post will only be upvoted because of how fun it is to trash things that are't bitcoin. :J
@_date: 2013-05-06 21:29:15
How so? He only reported back doing exactly what OP asked him to do, and on how few people are in his investor pool. 8I
@_date: 2013-06-20 22:42:34
However until every contract tries to get redeemed simultaneously, you have no way to know if the issuer even has the amount of gold they claim to or if they are naked short selling like JP Morgan's done with Silver.
So long as it is more convenient to transact an IOU than it is to transact the fundamental, counterfeit-resistant commodity you will face unknown reserve banking practices and the supply inflation which comes with it, depressing prices.
Bitcoin wins in that battle because it's already electronic, so nobody of consequence will conflate it witch scrip and trade at the same price point. Why accept Bitcoin IOUs from a third party when it's not a stitch more convenient than accepting the fundamental, counterfeit-proof bitcoin from them?
@_date: 2013-06-03 08:06:10
As of this writing, trade value is [~$118usd per BTC](
"The Algorithm" is the Bitcoin protocol itself. This is defined by the Bitcoin mining software, which tens of thousands of miners run. Nobody can change the protocol without first convincing a majority of miners and merchants to upgrade to a newer version of software which includes the proposed changes in the protocol. Thus, protocol updates and bug fixes are not impossible, but they must be very, very, VERY persuasive in order to take effect. :3
"What is actually being solved for" is the answer to the following completely arbitrary question:


So you construct your notary document, you hash it once, and you offer that hash to your engine (GPU, FPGA, ASIC). Every time there exists a new transaction you wish to include, you amend your document and offer a new hash to your engine. Every time a new, valid block is discovered elsewhere on the network you amend your block to bless that instead of the one you were previously trying to endorse that is now no longer the newest; and offer that new hash to your engine.
Your engine sits there trying as many billions of nonsense strings per second as it can, to find which one will hash together with the hash you've offered to give a result that fits under the current difficulty requirement like a Jamaican bureaucrat under a limbo bar.
Once you have the proper solution, then you offer your newly minted, official block to the rest of the network. It is a race to broadcast your block before anyone else can claim a block endorsing the same prior block, so that everyone starts to try to endorse your block instead of endorsing a competitor. 99% of the time nobody else is outputting a block at close to the same time as you, but it does happen.. and when it does the loser's block is considered "stale". Stale, orphan, and forked blocks never make it into the official blockchain, and their rewards are never realized. But again.. that's rare enough to be taken in stride by miners. :3
This work serves no other purpose than to make it difficult for attackers to subvert the network. It is on par with the effort and expense the United States Treasury goes through to make a dollar banknote difficult to counterfeit: expensive paper, byzantine illustrations, special ink, printing presses and coin mints with 1,000 times the pressure per square inch needed to simply strike a coin, all for no purpose other than to make it difficult for a competitor to [duplicate the effort and create counterfeit documents](
@_date: 2013-01-01 15:42:27
Require licencing, not to my knowledge. Bitcoins literally have no legal description yet in any country, no court case has been tried anywhere yet in the world defining if they are real and durable assets or not.
On the other hand, what value could you offer people to hold bitcoins on their behalf that they couldn't get from using one of an endless stream of online or offline wallets? You would be introducing significant risk for them. Since nothing would stop you simply running away with their coins, everyone would know that and nobody would give you their coins.
@_date: 2013-02-13 10:42:48
lols, np. ;3


But I'll tell you, if I had a more successful political system available to me, I'd take a wasteland and I'd tame it, and then I'd use that as a foothold to transform the landscape around it over time. Dominant strategies in game theory are just that after all. Dominant. You require less advantageous starting positions to become self-sufficient, and you out-compete neighboring ideologies with comparable resources.
You're talking about maximizing personal subjective preference, but I'm talking about maximizing personal and collective condition. If the one and the whole cannot profit and endure and flourish under their own power and against adversity, then what use is any political system?
Capitolist representative democracy has proven quite effective at allowing the individual and the collective to flourish, at least for enough generations to climb the tech tree a bit before corruption tears it all apart again. Then you apparently "renew the tree of liberty with the blood of patriots" and start over.
We saw it in ancient Greece, ancient Rome, renaissance Holland, the British Empire and today in the First World, lead by the United States and shadowed by BRIC. My expectation is that the stateless permutations you're championing are meant to be performantly superior to this well rehearsed strategy, and on the strength of that assumption I recommend the crucible of demonstrating these ideas in a relative wasteland.
Good God, people are advocating Seasteading. They would try to raise tens or hundreds of millions of dollars to repurpose SeaLand, or cruise ships or oil rigs or invent new floating dominions.. and how can the middle of the ocean be any more hospitable than the Northwest Territories? At least in the latter case you don't have to fabricate the very ground you walk over. 8I
@_date: 2013-03-23 00:37:55
How long of a time frame are you looking for?
Tomorrow the price could be 6.2 x √-π. Eventually, as the power of decentralized currency lead by the performance of it's flagship example Bitcoin inexorably crushes all other mediums of global exchange in it's path, the price will go up by several magnitudes.
This means that for everyone who can afford to hold for that long (and if you can't afford to hold you shouldn't be riding this coaster) tomorrows price means precisely dick. :J
@_date: 2013-06-24 03:08:14


Sure they can. They have the guns, they make the rules and doublespeak is tons of fun.
Or as put elsewhere ITT:


@_date: 2013-08-24 14:12:13
OTOH, compare buying bitcoins with that cash from somebody local vs trying to transport the cash when the DEA is literally trying to make defending your wealth from thieves illegal.
@_date: 2013-02-20 22:52:02
If this is an offline computer purpose-built to be wallet storage, I would make sure it has sufficient RAM that you can disable the swap. That nips that specific concern in the bud. :B
Another option is to build out a liveCD by hand, and then do all calculation in RAM with no drives mounted at all.
@_date: 2013-01-04 01:32:59




You DO need Bitcoin if you're going to deposit or withdraw money LEGALLY into a LEGAL gambling website but you still don't want foreign governments to build up a dossier on you.
@_date: 2013-04-10 19:52:32
Removed for broken link. 
Was this meant to be a google search for "bitcoin charts", or .. what were you going for here? Resubmit a working link and you'll be golden. :J
@_date: 2013-03-30 13:06:02
@_date: 2013-10-23 19:22:38
Yeah, no. "The Grid" normally refers to wires and municipal services interleaving your property. You can get an internet signal via Satellite or Terrestrial Microwave, most folk still have a method to maneuver their road-friendly vehicles off of their properties (normally over driveways and private roads) and onto the state-owned road systems.
Source: While I do not live off of the grid hundreds of my wireless internet customers do.
@_date: 2013-09-08 08:39:51
/me nods sagely.
Alright, so what Litecoin mobile wallet software would you recommend that allows users to get their transactions *into the mempool* faster than Android wallet for Bitcoin does? õ_O
@_date: 2013-01-31 01:03:05
What about if the community creates a wikimedia page anywhere else, in a sandbox or something, and refines that until it's ready for publishing and then just replaces this page wholesale? :P
@_date: 2013-01-16 21:19:56
Moms poo now so that baby's doing have to? What wizardry is this?
@_date: 2013-07-19 23:16:22
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-01-29 00:30:54
What stops anyone from making a new type of social network, since everybody hates Facebook so bad but still continues to use it?
It's called the Network Effect, and luckily in the digital currencies industry Bitcoin gets to bask in it. :B
@_date: 2013-06-03 17:10:02
In addition to Narmotur's in-depth link on the subject, a cryptographic, one-way hash is a method to take any document of any size, and crunch that down into a unique number (which can also be represented as a string) of a fixed size. The hash function used by the mining process is called SHA-256, and it produces an integer between zero (0) and 2^256. Those are stupidly big numbers of course, so they are often represented as 64-digit hexadecimal number strings.
The operant quality of a cryptographic hash is that it is easy to confirm that a document matches a hash when you have them both, and it's pretty easy to make the hash when you have the document, but it is for all intents and purposes impossible to find a random document that matches any given hash. So it's good for signing. If you sign a hash, such as .. let's say, engraving that hash in granite at the foundation of a building, then you can be said to be endorsing the only known monumentally huge document that hashes into that.
It lets you give a perfect, unique mathematical "name" or handle to any document. And nobody can "forge" that by creating a false document that arrives at the same hash, because it would be computationally impossible (require attacks more sophiticated than the world currently posesses, or require more compute power than a computer the size of all of creation could muster with the "brute force" attacks we do know about).
The first hashing step I talked about in the mining process is to feed a handle for your complete notarization document to your GPU/FPGA/ASIC engine. That way you don't have to hand that engine the entire, large, unwieldy document, you only sign it's hash.
The second hashing step is where the engine combines the first hash with a nonce to test and see if the result is less than a certain amount. Nobody can tell what hash will come out from feeding in a certain input until you try it. You could get zero, you could get a millionty bazillion out. So, defining a threshold (say, 2^100) means you will have to try over and over again a very well understood number of times on average before you can find any hash that makes it under that bar.
The sole purpose of this mining method is security. If we did not require security, then every other aspect of any digital money system could be handled by a simple, centralized ledger: exactly like the one used at your bank, or to keep track of Secondlife Lindens or World of Warcraft gold. The problem, of course, is that every speck of WoW gold relies on that ledger being operational from one nanosecond to the next. Those servers crash, all your WoW loot stops existing. Also, Blizzard has omnipotent power over the WoW economy. Create new money? *poof*. Steal all your money, in particular? *poof*. Control exactly how and who you can trade with? *poof*.
Bitcoin's strange-sounding mining system means that it is the first (and only important) digital currency with no center at all. Half the miners turn off their rigs? Big deal. Doesn't even matter which half. Someone wants to mint new coins from out of nowhere without the permission of the rest of the chaotic network in unison? Fat chance! Someone wants to steal *your* coins? No power on earth short of knowing your private key can do it. Somebody wants to say who you can or can't trade with? So long as you maintain an unblocked line of communication to enough neighboring bitcoin nodes, your spends are unstoppable.
@_date: 2013-02-09 03:11:26
There's not enough data in that disclaimer to be *completely* sure, but it sounds like they want you to use an address you control, and can sign messages on behalf of. So don't use instawallet for that, but Blockchain.info wallet might be fine.
@_date: 2013-07-05 07:56:30
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Begging/asking for bitcoins (or other currencies) is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the money. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy.
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-03-01 21:06:12


@_date: 2013-01-12 00:16:34
== Storing Bitcoins: Start here, so you know there's a safe place for them once you've converted them. Test with that 0.1btc tip you got here in the comments, even. :D
You need a wallet, either an easy online wallet like the popular one offered by [BlockChain.info]( (comes with a very handy smartphone app, to boot) or if you're more security conscious you should download an app to your PC to store your coins, and be very careful not to keep malware off of that PC and keep your wallet file backed up in case the PC catches fire.
[Here is a comparative list]( of the most popular Bitcoin clients. Keep in mind the first one there, Bitcoin-QT is the original and the most secure, however you will have to wait for the blockchain to download and sync before you can begin to spend from it. That sync process may take several *days* on slow hard drives, and the application does not offer an ETA so that you'll know how long to wait. The other clients on that page can be used right out of the box.
None of these wallets require personally identifying information from you, though it is a GOOD idea if using the Blockchain.info wallet to configure it to back up the encrypted wallet file to your email, Google Drive or Drop box. You can use a throwaway account for that as you like, but that defends you against losing access to the wallet in case their online service goes down for any reason.
== Buying bitcoins with cash
[BitMe]( supports cash deposits. Apparently they have a deposit limit of $500usd per 7 days, so going this route would require 2 deposits for the amount you're looking at. They support cash deposit at Chase bank, so you would print out what chase account number and amount to deposit from the Bitme website, then go to chase and just deposit the money there. Chase should not ask for any identifying information from you, but I've never done cash deposits of that size before so it's not impossible they could ask to see your id. :J
The major other option I can think of that does not require identifying yourself is to trade coins over the counter. [Localbitcoins]( [Bitcoinary]( and the [ irc channel are all places where individuals advertise to trade coins anonymously in meatspace.
== What to be careful of:
You will be at least temporarily entrusting your money to third parties, and if you're not identifying yourself then it's harder for them to honor your wishes and protect you from fraud without knowing who you are. Use long passwords. Do not reuse passwords. Do not forget your passwords, especially on the Bitcoin Wallet or you will permanently lock yourself out. Do use 2-factor authentication at sites that allow that, such as Google Authenticator or Yubikey, to prevent your account getting hacked. Do not allow your PC to become infected with malware, or attackers may easily copy your encrypted wallet file and keylog your password, allowing them to instantly drain the bitcoins.
That's the best advice I can give, good luck sir. :3
@_date: 2013-04-27 08:01:37
C'mon OP, we need specs here.
How many Ghash/s? Power consumption? Warrantee? Number of fans inside of the box? :&gt;
@_date: 2013-08-31 01:41:37
EFF reversed this position and [again began accepting Bitcoin donations]( in May, 2013.
What does point 4 even mean? What is a "file sharing nature", and what does whatever that property is have to do with theft? More prone to theft compared to what: Cash? (see inflation) Precious Metals? (see [US misplaces German Gold]( Bank balances? (See identity theft)
@_date: 2013-05-07 07:22:02
Oh, it's a bit of a shrodinger's cat regarding pornography, in not too dissimilar a fashion than Reddit.
I'd have to log out again to see what it looks like to the public, but submissions are marked NSFW by authors per enforced policy and then those submissions don't display unless your both logged in and allow NSFW to be visible per preferences.
So it is quite possible that your client doesn't turn "porno-vision" on, many people only use the site to share and browse SFW furry art just as many Redditers steer clear of it's red light subs.
But that said, sure both male-on-male and fetish porn make up quite a bit of what's out there by volume. ;3
@_date: 2013-01-19 04:13:10
You can link bank account to coinbase, but I don't see any credit/debit card option. (?)
@_date: 2013-09-17 00:25:41
Linked article title notwithstanding, first paragraph contains:


@_date: 2013-01-08 07:09:58
I get "video not found".
@_date: 2013-04-12 06:06:21


There aren't any. LTC does have faster confirmations, but also more forking as a result. The client software is still on Berkley DB and their blockchain is so bloated that it's almost the same size as Bitcoin's blockchain even without any meaningful transactions to notarize.
@_date: 2013-01-04 19:57:03
And because you're so sure they wouldn't care to see it, you'd be happy for them to put cameras there.
Your private business is both yours and private. Keeping it that way is not a function of whether or not somebody else cares, it's a function of what information you're going to decide it's alright to leak.
@_date: 2013-03-22 03:16:01
/me nods sagely, this is an excellent point. I knew we were locked into the protocol after seeing those superbowl ads for DNS.
@_date: 2013-02-21 05:36:01
On a couple of the 4 computers I set up, I did experience times when it seemed to hang somewhere in the indexing.
When this happened, I shut down the client, checked Task manager to make sure it completely shut down (sometimes taking up to 5 minutes on that step) and then started up again, and doing this seemed to get it past the hang just fine. :3
@_date: 2013-11-14 21:17:33
Yeah. In fact I got BK breakfast just today. Staff at both stores in town are starting to get used to me. ;)
Bring up card on phone. It displays bar code and 16 digit gift card code. Hold phone up to cashier. If they have a fancy-shmancy bar reader, they scan your phone. My stores don't, so cashier types in a 16 digit number.
Their register records payment complete, and I press done on my phone. Phone tries to check online to see if it can see the transaction. These days my phone always sees the updates to BK and Amazon transactions instantly. But if phone can't see the transaction right away it will ask you to type in the amount of txn so you can do some offline checkbook balancing.
Multiple GC per order, or GC + cash or credit all seem to work fine as well. :)
@_date: 2013-03-28 19:40:38
We don't need trees to grow to the sky, we just need our miniscule market cap to grow into something big enough for people to use.
Don't let the per-bitcoin price fool you. "Bitcoin", the unit, is pegged by well known formula to the market cap. If "$90+usd/btc" frightens you so, then stop paying attention to BTC and start paying attention to humble mBTC, which trades at a paltry 9 cents usd.
So tell me, is $0.09usd/mBTC really sky craping? õ_O
@_date: 2013-04-16 00:06:51
* No compilations of free Bitcoin sites.
@_date: 2013-03-06 03:24:02
Yis. Check out [this craziness]( that a user perpetrated via the bitcointip bot, just yesterday. :o
Something like $7,000 usd worth of Bitcoin charity matching just because he felt like it, and wanted to spur Bitcoin acceptance among the charities, and just drum up interest on all sides. :3
@_date: 2013-05-02 22:53:15
Relevance policy. People who actually give a damn about Litecoin will subscribe to that sub, won't they? If Litecoin is worth a damn then you don't have to ride on the coat tails of our PR work, do you?
I don't know what wiki deletions you're talking about, but if Lukejr is deleting off-topic articles from bitcoin.it then, yes, exactly like that. It's not a place for sports discussion or litecoins or recipes for homemade cookies and curating your own wiki should be just as easy for a currency worth taking seriously as parasiting on everyone else's work.
@_date: 2013-04-08 07:33:38
So Mircea Popescu has found a surprisingly rapid way to lose 100% of any regard I've ever had for him. Rather sad and disgusting.
@_date: 2013-09-18 07:34:46
Gold has a lot of reasons why it's been a popular form of money, both for universally adopted transmission and store of value, for so many thousands of years.
It does a good job at serving the functions of money.
Easy to tool, *way* easier than almost any other materials to purify or to separate back out of alloys. It's luster + softness + density is difficult to achieve with any other known metals or alloys making it relatively simple to authenticate by hand.
It is shiny and potentially very attractive depending on it's presentation, which means it is quite psychologically appealing. Being tarnish resistant means that it will both maintain this aesthetic easily over time with low maintenance, and that it will maintain it's usable mass instead of corroding irreversibly into useless forms of rust.
No other simple materials have matching properties which make them better forms of money. So even if Gold was never discovered until the last few hundred years, it would not have taken it long to begin replacing whatever other traditional moneys may have already ingrained themselves into the public consciousness.
Bitcoin is the first decentralized, bearer-bonded commodity to outperform gold in respect to almost every monetary feature. Gold only beats bitcoin where closed systems of traders lack computers and/or network access and never have to transmit wealth over distance.
Thus, while I admit it may take time, I've every reason to believe that Bitcoin will continue to gain momentum against older value transfer and storage systems which rely on either physicality (sabotaging long distance trade) or central stewardship (undermining individual ownership).
@_date: 2013-06-20 19:37:32
[Relevant XKCD](
@_date: 2013-04-10 20:59:11
It's [arbitrage]( if I have a USD balance on Gox, BTC balance on Bitfloor, and execute the buy and sell simultaneously. I'm simply profiting from one market having buy orders more expensive than the other market's sell orders.


@_date: 2013-01-05 19:38:34
Oh I read it. And your next sentence, which said that as a result of this inequality in production opportunities we had a tragedy of the commons.
It's almost like reading a communist manefesto, "Oooh if people would only stop competing to get profit then everyone could have some of the profit, even if their contribution is really inefficient and counterproductive!" x3
@_date: 2013-01-09 05:47:43
((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((...[[click here to read next page of comment](
@_date: 2013-08-15 23:02:25
Not a "storage device", simply an encryption front-end to Amazon S3 storage. EG: pay these guys $50 a month or else just back up your truecrypt volumes directly to S3.
How is this offering different from Mega.co.nz?


Note: since leastauthority.com controls the software distributed to you and the updates to that software, regardless of whether this is javascript based, browser plugin based or a downloaded application.. **this claim is highly disingenuous**. The avenue by which they could be co-opted and gain complete access to *both* view and to manipulate your data would be to either add or activate a feature in the user software which selectively *does* evesdrop your authentication keys (password, keyfile, etc). Then they would *easily* be able to spoof your identity to either view or edit your data without your knowledge.
@_date: 2013-02-14 12:17:30
oh oh, I hadn't read this far down the comment thread yet; this is where the "fractions of a penny" comment came from. :B
What 7 means is that when you do the surveys and such, they'll pay out 0.0001 BTC or thereabouts. Once you tack on that many zeros, then even bitshavings do become fractions of a penny. But us Reddit philanthopists more often than not through around multiples of 0.01 BTC, which are quite a few pence. x3
@_date: 2013-01-04 01:10:41
 for cash deposits at chase. Zero deposit fee, 0.6% exchange fee.
@_date: 2013-01-20 00:45:12
This information assumes you are based out of the US, exchanging USD for Bitcoin of course. If not or if you're dealing in amounts higher or lower than our recommendations help with, please fill us in. :3
* [Coinbase]( I've used them once or twice so far. Move USD into and out of their service via ACH bank transfer. Fees are low ~1-2% fee and slippage total, even for very small (~$1usd) exchanges, but quite a long delay. The sell I did there took 5 business days to hit my bank, and the buy I started yesterday is still pending. But you lock in the rate when you make the trade, so volatility does not compound against the delay.
* [Bitfloor]( I used to use them a lot, both before and after their famous Bitcoin hack, by way of their cash deposit and ACH withdrawal options which they have unfortunately lost since then. AFAIK they only handle Bank wire and ING today.
* [BitMe]( Haven't used yet, but they are meant to operate much like Bitfloor's cash deposit system used to and I've yet to hear any negative feedback to report. Cash deposit at chase bank with ACH withdrawal. 0% deposit and withdrawal fees 0.6% trade fee similar to gox. Cash deposits apply within a few hours at most and ACH in ~3 days. Strangely still less volume than Bitfloor today, so if you've got a lot of asset to move be prepared to put up a wall and wait for others to peck it down.
* [VirWoX]( Have used extensively. ~~Fifth~~Fourth largest exchange by volume and the only major exchange to accept CC, Paypal and Skrill payment methods. Requires you to have a free account with [Secondlife]( and to trade twice, USD&lt;-&gt;SLL&lt;-&gt;BTC. Fees are steeper than the above options, when I've tested the chain all slippage and fees combined come to 6% or less on volumes as low as $50usd. BTC withdrawal sometimes faces a 24-48 hour "manual review" step (either to resist fraud attempts or to thaw cold wallet funds every now and again) and ACH withdrawal takes ~3 days.
* [BitInstant]( I've just used once, sticker shock since. Highest fees I know for small amounts, 4.9% + $3.95 when you deposit cash at a Wal-mart/CVS/7-11. They used to have bank deposit, but I understand that similar to Bitfloor they lost that, leaving Bitme the only player left in that inexpensive space. 
* Bittalk user [Tangiblecryptography]( offers a website service called [FastCash4Bitcoins]( that lets you sell BTC quickly and easily (I've tested his paypal option a couple of times) and I understand he negotiates buy orders with high minimums in the forums, but just has no website advertising or managing said transactions. 
@_date: 2013-02-25 23:41:17
Rofl. Interestinthisproductnotfound. :3
@_date: 2013-02-25 06:28:19
I broke down why his share of moving the winnings to the next address only cost 35 millis, in a basket with a dozen or so inputs not related to this bet, [in another post](
@_date: 2013-03-01 21:04:31


Nothing magic about that number in particular, that's just our next major milestone of growth. The disincentive is anyone who wants to perform a single transaction of $X will probably want the market cap of the currency to be 100X or 1000X at minimum or they will pay too much trying to secure the requisite percent or 0.1 percent of the entire damned market for one transaction, and recipient might damage the market confidence divesting that much back out again.
Let's say McDonalds or Wal-Mart want to accept Bitcoin as a form of payment, or even if they only want to use it internally as a method for disparate branches, franchises and satellite offices across the world to settle intra-corporate debts and trade international banking fees for local bitcoin exchange costs.
At 1/3 of a billion usd market cap, that's literally not possible: no matter how forward thinking these corporations might be. At 1 billion, it's about 3 times easier and maybe they could get a foot into the pool. at 10 or 100 billion, such ideas start to become viable.


That's fine, but let's fuzz that assessment a little by saying "hiring a 10 year old is not viable", since my argument centers on practicality instead of legality. It's not illegal to use Bitcoin at a small market cap, it's just impractical.
If you ran a business and a 10 year old kept bugging you to work there, would you advise him to stop aging to keep your prices on uniforms down, or to progress at best possible speed to a hireable age? The analogy is that recommending Bitcoin stabalize it's price, thus freezing it's market cap at a stage where it's forever impractically small is foolish. The market cap *must* grow, and with size stability will naturally follow.
@_date: 2013-01-01 01:20:35


21 million bitcoins. They are not all thawed yet, and some have been irretrievably lost.. but we will never see a greater number. A supply can't get much more stable than that. :J


I'm not sure what you mean here. If X is beneficial, then people will X? One would hope so, yes.


I would imagine that any development investments (community, society, corporate, evil and satanic, any kind of development) would carry with it inevitable risks. You cannot develop something without running the risk that the thing you are developing will fail. Commodity investments carry a different risk profile; commodities as a whole are normally less likely to *completely* fail than human-centric endeavors.
Now granted, among commodities Bitcoin is at the very experimental end of the continuum. But unlike Healthco, Bitcoin itself is also uniquely proof from centralized malfeasance.


Compare with this that many of the uses Bitcoin actually gets put to is *anonymous donations*. What exactly is the percentage return on those? When I anonymously donate funds to Wikileaks, or Wikipedia, how much will they pay me back personally?
That said, even if Healthco is using money invested in them to cure cooties, whoever invests X under expectation of keeping X and earning dividend Y .. no matter how big or small Y might be (or even mildly negative if investors are generous and really just want to vanquish cooties once and for all), they still stand to lose the principal X entirely. The risk of this in a commodity investment, even one as dynamic and experimental as Bitcoin itself, is several orders of magnitude lower.
It's been said by others in this thread that most folks who lean in the direction of "deflationary spiral" argument seem to be catching themselves up too much in the idea of money as having intrinsic value. It doesn't. Everyone who invests in a monetary instrument expects to spend every penny of that money at some point, or pass some of it on to heirs who will spend it. Implicitly we are talking about an investment in your future estate. Putting money away now in a way that maximizes how much money you have to spend tomorrow.
When it's hoarding, you are by freezing these assets in fact increasing the purchasing power of everyone else who holds the same limited-supply currency. So even mayonnaise jars do act in a way that enriches your fellowman. Just without any specific focus, and without carrying additional risk of human mismanagement like a shot in the arm to Healthco inevitably will. :3
@_date: 2013-03-22 22:36:16
He replied to himself copy and pasting the source (use [Reddit Enhancement Suite]( to see comment sources) from one of Bitcointip bot's verification messages.
@_date: 2013-03-05 00:26:18
*pokes at*
Hey you, Bitcoinin, how come you're not listed all up in [the wiki]( list of businesses? I only ask because people say "what can you buy with bitcoin, anydangways" and I keep wanting to say "books" and link to your site but then I forget your url and I can't find it on the exhaustive list for the life of me. wth, man? ;D
@_date: 2013-02-18 05:28:37
Yes, if you go the bitinstant route, look at them as a "broker". You don't have an account with MtGox but they do. I'd also recommend you mind the $500-per-transaction limit, and do not try to run more than one transaction at a time with the same amount. Mix up the amounts a bit, like $499.99, $499.98 etc, or else the moneygram intermediary will wind up rejecting the second transaction confusing it with an echo. :P
For $2000+, I would recommend BitFloor as a significantly cheaper way to go. Either wire to them (~$35 out of $2000 is much better than 6% total at bitinstant!) or use an ING P2P banking account as intermediary (which is much cheaper still). Bitfloor's volume is less than MtGox so trading at good rates will take longer, but just put up a sell wall at the price you fancy, move it as the market on MtGox moves, and let all the smaller fish eat off of it. :J
Finally, verify your account at Coinbase so you can lift that 10BTC limit to 100BTC. They are new players growing faster than everyone else in the ecosystem right now, so those issues of constantly being out of coins should smooth over eventually. This will help prime the pump so that any major purchases down the road will get easier for you.
And what the guy upthread suggested is legit: Once you've got some coin and cleaned out the exchange plumbing a bit, it sounds like you're in a fair position to offer to sell coin to others and beat Bitinstant rates easily. Once you recognize a demand like this, hey, why not be the one to turn profit serving that demand, right? :3
@_date: 2013-03-03 11:58:33
Alternately alt chains could spring up to handle the peasant transactions. 2.4 billionaires laugh at $1/transaction as heartily as you or I might at one satoshi per txn. 8I
@_date: 2013-06-29 02:43:19
Posting personal information is a violation of [Reddit Rules]( and Reddit Admins have clarified that encouraging others to do so also violates the rules. 
While I get it that you are being facetious, the internet contains people who will not and your comment may lead to them posting. So, no. Just no. &amp;
@_date: 2013-01-17 23:07:51
I wonder if either OKpay or Bitcurex cards provide faster ATM-USD-withdrawal cashout options than coinbase's 5 business day ACH, or VirWoX-&gt;Paypal 2 days + Paypal-&gt;Bank 3 days?
One of my biggest sticking points with keeping larger sums of wealth in BTC is that I need to hold enough USD to see me through foreseeable emergencies, when I can't thaw BTC into USD with faster than 5 day turnaround. (and no, there's still nobody on LocalBitcoins within 150miles of me :P). Being able to cash out via a debit card same day, even at steep fees, would be an interesting piece of plumbing to consider. :J
@_date: 2013-01-18 20:19:46
I'm sorry to hear that; I've got no experience with any android wallet app except for blockchain.info's one so I can't say whether or not there's a method to root around the phone's filesystem and look for lost wallet files.
But from here on in I would certainly recommend using a method where you keep your wallet safely backed up, and blockchain.info definitely provides that. :3
@_date: 2013-06-13 02:10:29
[That's because it's a rule]( the ettiquette passage is actually not the best example to compare to this submission.
@_date: 2013-07-25 06:46:35
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* No compilations of free Bitcoin sites.
@_date: 2013-06-07 21:32:14
Well, firstly I'm just a mod for the subreddit, we don't have any say in the site-wide Reddit Self-Serve Advertising engine.
My understanding is that [they do not yet support payment methods aside from credit card for their self-serve system]( however since they do accept Bitcoin for reddit gold and since they are in the middle of trying to re-write the ad system I would not be shocked if [the next iteration also allowed Bitcoin payment](
In the interim, I understand there are folk who offer proxy payment for mundane purchases including self-serve ads. Worth checking in at or freenode [This guy on bitcointalk.org asking about exactly that proxy payment option]( also got directed to a virtual credit card provider advertising there. I cannot personally endorse that as reliable, but I'd rate it as worth gingerly exploring. :3
@_date: 2013-01-10 02:03:43
Oh that's not inaccurate, but it is rhetorically dangerous to use a word with multiple meanings where one is either accurate or favorable to your position and another may be neither of those. It meas that sooner or later your opponent will twist your words, so it is always preferable to choose words which are unambiguous to your meaning.
It is the responsibility of the communicator to be as clear as possible. :3
@_date: 2013-03-13 11:01:48
Bitcoin has an active developer base, the beginnings of global merchant acceptance, multiple clients and tools to assist users in managing their holdings, open markets where buyers and sellers can find one another to trade anything they'd like and the most powerful notarization network in the world at [35 trillion hashes per second]( as of this writing.
Bitcoin is open source and has been forked a number of times, like most open source software and protocols have. But what prevents anyone from designing a new fork from HTTP or DNS or Jabber and dethroning the former?
Usage inertia.
When you create a new alternative currency, then you can start over with new balances and fresh mining and a low buy in rate, but you also start over with no infrastructure, no adoption and no support. You have to build that out for yourself and in the end that is what is really being evaluated by the market price. Getting in at the ground floor means nothing unless it's a building that has a future.
Bitcoin is building an ecosystem of support and mindshare and we're the crown jewel of this codebase because we were first to market and our goals are to demonstrate what the codebase can do. We focus on making the currency useful and on solving problems fiat cannot.
IMO, forks to the codebase so far have done little if anything to improve upon that. Some of them have added single features which admittedly have pros and cons: faster confirmation times, proof of stake, cornflower blue icons, but I think that abandoning incumbent banking infrastructure in favor of a new currency requires overwhelmingly dominant advantages. Bitcoin has those over fiat, alt chains do not have those over bitcoin at this time.
@_date: 2013-02-22 00:13:35
Not cheaper than [Bitme]( but still room to trump them in other areas like deposit/withdraw limits, but I don't see those advertised anywhere on the site.
@_date: 2013-02-19 02:31:34
You didn't make a point. You've only claimed that additional miners making the network stronger is contingent upon the honesty of the miners. Other posters are asking for elaboration on this point, one would hope that a network built on zero trust doesn't somehow suddenly rely on trusting every individual miner in aggregate for it's continued viability.
Your claim also appears to try to defend the paper's claim in a fashion which does nothing but beg the question. Paper: "dishonest miners harm the network". MaunaLoona: "Additional botnet miners only make the bitcoin networks stronger, not weaker." You: "If they are honest. Which they aren't."
I am reminded of the scene in Idiocracy where Joe is asking the whitehouse staff why farmers are feeding crops Brawn-do.
My position is that botnets perform theft of electricity and compute resources from naive computer administrators, which is of course immoral and deplorable. They then parlay those stolen resources to perform valuable and counterfeit-proof work to help secure the bitcoin network, for which they are compensated at market value. Aside from being compensated for offering us stolen compute resources, their participation does unquestionably help to secure the network, and the introduction of ASICs will thankfully help to marginalize their stolen contribution and thus lower the incentive for them to steal it.
@_date: 2013-03-04 08:29:22
[Here's a well curated and long, but not exhaustive list]( of businesses currently accepting Bitcoin. 
To sum up, here are the places I've got firsthand knowledge about:
* Bitcoin is [quickly becoming]( the de facto payment methods for (legal) anonymizing VPN services. Because, how anonymous can the VPN really be when every other payment service requires basically sharing your grandparent's dental records? :P
* Many hosting services including [Wordpress]( accept it in order to allow anonymity and penetrate markets behind financial blockades.
* [Reddit]( and [4chan]( premium services, of course.
* It's popular in [online gambling]( for reasons aside from American's skirting payment regulations
* [Electronics]( [music]( [gift cards]( [Japanese food and souvenirs (shipped worldwide)]( [US pizza delivery]( restaurants in many major cities, [3D printing supplies]( [Survival gear]( [food]( [Firesteel](
@_date: 2013-12-31 23:59:48
per  :




So what is this medium.com poorly formatted PR I am looking at? õ_O
@_date: 2013-01-29 00:48:36
I think the major points are:
1. merchant can easily prove delivery of the product, which is often a physical good, Paypal would then side with them against the chargeback (esp if address of physical good matched Paypal buyer address :P)
2. Kickstarter isn't running a currency exchange, which is against Paypal  TOS and thus prevents Bitcoin traders from invoking Paypal to call bullshit against the buyer.
@_date: 2013-08-24 14:18:47
Speaking as the gentleman who's job it is to normally [play this card]( I'm leaning in the direction of keeping this submission simply because the implicit "bitcoin would solve this" angle feels pretty coherent. EG: I don't perceive two or more conflicting ways people might think Bitcoin could solve it. :3
@_date: 2013-04-19 22:31:39
Tell that to Bitfloor, who fell offline during last week's crash while MtGox simply had bad lag.
@_date: 2013-03-22 16:27:21
Because if you have gold and I am a merchant and you want to pay me, it costs our transaction X for you to transport the gold to me and then for me to securely store the gold. It costs Y for me to trust a well known third party to hold the gold on my behalf, and to render it to me on demand. If X &gt; Y, then derivative certificates will begin to trade like M0 currency.
With Bitcoin, there is no significant cost to send the M0 Bitcoin to any point on the globe, and no significant cost to secure it either. X basically = zero, while the cost of yielding your wealth to a centralized third party is well known and growing in the public eye with EU raiding people's deposits. X will always be &lt; Y, so derivative notes will never trade on equal footing with the M0 money supply. Creditors will demand M0 instead so that they don't have to expose liability to any central bank.
@_date: 2013-08-14 23:30:49
Well, the concern about "what happens if you install software X, will it invade your computer and steal all of your secrets?" is among the most basic concerns when you install *any software whatsoever*. It's called "Malware".
Mining software can be malware, and that is a common attack vector. As an mod, I get to gag several submissions per week where people are trying to pimp their barely concealed malware offerings, many of which claim to be mining software.
Legitimate mining software is all open source, which means that the best penetration testers in the world have access to it. If you remember [Dan Kaminsky]( the Doctor Rodney McKay look-alike who discovered the security flaw in DNS (that every host on the **entire internet** was vulnerable to) just a few years ago, [this is his take on the Bitcoin reference client]( which is what every miner basically inherits their code from.
So legitimate mining software has just as many skilled eyes validating it as any other piece of software in the world, to reduce the likely that malware hides in mining software, but here's a fun fact. Lots of malware in the wild today instead *contains legitimate mining software*! That's because once you've compromised somebody's computer; and especially if they have a nice GPU: a botnet operator can steal the victim's electricity and number crunching powers to profit by mining bitcoin! 8I
@_date: 2013-07-03 07:18:26
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy.
@_date: 2013-08-31 04:18:02


Have you seen actual people texting? õ_O
@_date: 2013-09-06 21:00:10


I just did a google search for that phrase, and google unceremoniously dumped me off on your exact comment. So ----Google.
If I were to champion any particular axioms related to cryptography or cryptanalysis, it would be [Kerckhoffs's principle]( and [Schneier's Law]( (both basically just cribbed off of the sidebar of (Granted, Schneier is also author of TFA.. ;) But on top of that, don't trust any information farther than the sources you can reproducibly cite for said information.
In the case of cryptosystems, don't trust them farther than you can trust the cryptanalytic prowess of whatever parties endorse that as beyond their capacity to break or weaken.
@_date: 2013-07-06 07:28:45
Don't worry, I'd buy those nasty old bitcoins off of you for $10. :J
@_date: 2013-04-03 22:01:14
If he's concerned that a crash of *confidence* will come where many people suddenly rush to the exits, then I cannot soothe his fears. If he's concerned that the *bottom* will drop out because of said lapses in confidence from the newbs, then I think he's got another thing coming.
It's not impossible for the bottom of Bitcoin to be knocked out in principal, but I find such events highly unlikely. We would need the core technology to fail, or a hashrate attack, or a competing cryptocurrency to dominantly overtake us.
We're not banging rocks together here friends, we know how to run a decentralized currency system. :P
@_date: 2013-11-13 18:29:57
Rofl, first part of statement incorrect (cats probably didn't quite notice it was there) second part of statement, unrelated to that, is correct. ;3
@_date: 2013-04-10 07:31:18
Haven't worked out how to handle rent or electricity with Bitcoin yet, but I'm keeping an eye out.
Gas, groceries, dining, I'm getting the hang of using Bitmit and  to grab [gift cards]( that cover those fairly efficiently as needed.
I got a copy of The Watchmen and Diamond Age from Bitcoinin
Bought my wife's new phone as the old one had begun to fail unlocked via Bitspend
Got a wireless headset in the mail from Bitcoinstore just yesterday.
Trying to order a Western Digital TV Live Hub next to upgrade from my old XBMC, but they're out of stock so I'm pestering them about it over email before falling back to OTC.
All of this over the past two weeks has barely put a dent in the *interest* my Bitcoin pile is earning right now. So I'll never understand why people say "you can't spend a deflationary currency" when you can instead support a healthy fraction of, if not all of a lifestyle on only a fraction of the interest when measured in comparison to fiat.
@_date: 2013-07-02 21:50:55
Interestingly, immediately after Tony says he will adjust we get his website pimped out by a number of throwaway accounts using obfuscated urls: [*]( [*]( [*](
Notably, that is not the kind of adjustment we were looking for.
@_date: 2013-03-17 06:22:12
I used to use bill pay at my bank, but after they missed two rent payments and then "conveniently" changed their TOS to not be responsible for such BS, I put a stop to that. 8I
@_date: 2013-08-24 14:37:29
You're making this sound less like "here is why credit cards are broken" and more like "here is why voluntary transactions are broken". 
Do you really believe that no two parties *should* be able to trade goods or services without first meeting face to face, given that either party might be trading goods or services which have been stolen?
@_date: 2013-03-31 15:09:57
Yep, and the reference client has options in the file menu "sign message" and "verify message". Try it out! xD
The bitcoin address does simply represent an [ECDSA keypair]( The private key is a naked ECDSA private key, and the address is a RIPEMD-160 hash of the public key. ECDSA can sign/verify messages much like PGP can, but it cannot encrypt/decrypt them.
When you spend money, you are simply building a message describing what you want done with the money and then signing the message to prove it's authenticity. The network takes it from there. :3
@_date: 2013-04-19 02:40:00
It's an IOU from the bank. See Cyprus, Greece, Spain..
@_date: 2013-02-26 08:48:08
.. aaaand with each nonce, too. :&gt;
@_date: 2013-01-24 02:05:29
While I agree 100% (damn that video looks slick but emphasizes mining way too much) I don't know how to get a superior message out there and get somebody to produce it in such a pretty way. Everything except for the mining part is presented pretty well, too. :3
@_date: 2013-04-07 22:22:25
By "convert to" do you mean divest your wages completely out of bitcoin first, or do you mean do the math based on the present exchange rate? ;3
@_date: 2013-01-08 01:28:16
You can kill someone while exercising [any right]( So basically, you're just interested in the government keeping a database of the capabilities of every individual to act against governmental authority.
@_date: 2013-03-01 01:45:06
That makes him have higher fees, but he is faster than coinbase (as the name would suggest). :J
@_date: 2013-01-15 22:00:39
That may very well come to pass. Or, if you'd like to forecast a difficulty where only half of the present day miners (by hashpower) happen to quit, then the estimate becomes "19.5 to 39.5 times" the current difficulty.
I guess my point is that when the new tech multiplies the difficulty by 20 to 40 times, what the old tech does or doesn't do no longer carries a significant impact on the difficulty. :J
@_date: 2013-02-23 03:51:55
[Here's a fine (and entertaining) video]( describing why many current economists may be less interested in Bitcoin, or in the Austrian principals on which it is founded. :3
@_date: 2013-03-02 10:25:20
I haven't stated any opinions, and you're just fabricating bullshit at this point. Go take the white knight antics back to shitredditsays. Shoo.
@_date: 2013-05-01 01:02:41
I agree it would help. Moreso even if this were installed by regular businesses as a convenience to their customers and as an added draw for further customers.
But if these were operated by some central entity, and just distributed around and run by that entity, then as nice as that would otherwise be I'm sure the government would get right into their business and say thing like: "So... that money transmitter's licence you're supposed to have, costs a few hundred grand. When will you have that turned in? IRS wants 40% of your profits on that, oh and AML regs say we'll need those detailed transaction logs with Customer SSN and stool samples delivered twice weekly". :P
@_date: 2013-04-11 23:45:10
When you say "event ordering" you remind me of the problem Bitcoin was meant to solve in the first place.
Maybe MtGox should run it's order books off of a proprietary alt chain, mined against by servers distributed across the globe? :J
@_date: 2013-02-28 22:39:41
I agree with justnmc, you'll get the best rates if you're patient enough to sell them over bitmit. Buyer pays s/h, usually offers you 99% of face value and locks in the offer at time of purchase (so if the bitcoins appreciate you realize those gains immediately even if it takes a week to ship the card). Remember to use Escrow! :3
Alternately, you can try cashing it in via [VirWoX]( or [btcquick]( but you could lose up to 6% value off the top to fees and spreads this way.
Good luck!
@_date: 2013-05-07 21:49:53
I am sorry, but:


This applies even if you feel you are pointing out another currency as fraudulent: our sub is meant to curate news and information related to Bitcoin, not related to how outrageous things that aren't bitcoin can be. 
Thank you. :3
@_date: 2013-04-22 23:45:34
Digital cash.
The reasons you would use it are the same reasons you would use cash, plus the fact that it is digital means that you can send it across the world. You can't do that easily with green scraps of paper. :J
@_date: 2013-06-02 19:30:59
I don't see that as a function of price stability, but as a function of GBP relevance. 
One problem is that fiat currencies are in actuality no more stable than [gold or silver]( They only look stable because that's what everyone is used to pricing, and they look stable compared to one another because their printing presses are vaguely synchronized to have basically that effect.
Bitcoin is admittedly less stable than gold or silver, it's price is still highly a function of adoption rate which is linked to direct utility. While people are still finding new ways to use it and new merchants are gingerly climbing onboard it's price has no choice but to ratchet turbulently upward. The point is that once enough people begin switching to Bitcoin as primary currency, and fiat as the ugly backup (compare: paperless office) then they'll begin pricing in Bitcoin and Bitcoin will gain a lot of stability.
It will still have to rise steadily in value for some time, but adoption tipping points will continue to lend it stability and roots.
@_date: 2013-05-12 00:20:49
I'm sorry, but gossip relating to real life details of people against their wishes is [against Reddit Terms of Service](
@_date: 2013-01-06 23:59:16
peapod is related to gambling? This I did not know.. :Q
@_date: 2013-03-02 00:20:14
Well, for one there is Yep, there are a handful of different applications you just install and start mining. They detect your graphics cards and all. They aren't entirely user-friendly, and may take some computer-savvy to properly configure and such. Just really rough-hewn software, you know?
I've played with it before. My nvidia 460 can generate about 70Mh/s, which could earn me over $0.01usd per day. ;3
You choose a mining pool from the many available, and read their docs on how to configure your miner to participate in that pool.
But the real trick of mining is the competition itself. Mining (and I prefer to call it "Bookkeeping", just to reduce confusion for new users) is a service people optionally provide to the network and get compensated for. It is NOT a requirement to use bitcoin. it is NOT the only, or even the preferred way to obtain bitcoin. It's just a job, like any other job and not everyone can do it effectively. More efficient ways of getting bitcoin are to buy it off somebody else, in person or at a large exchange, or get paid in Bitcoin to do work for people or sell items to folks for Bitcoin, such as on [Bitmit](
First off, global mining revenue is basically fixed. You get your sliver of 3600BTC/day block subsidy rewards plus whatever transaction fees people offer on their transactions. Your share of that revenue is determined by how many Billions of hashes per second your computer can perform, and your expenses are your hardware commitment (not as trivial as it sounds) and electricity (GPUs are so weak in today's network that they are very likely to earn you less than the kwh you pay to run them).
Mining/Bookkeeping has grown into a $50 million usd/year economy of scale, and the professionals all use custom built FPGA machines, with the bleeding edge of ASICs just now hitting the market. Our total network capacity is ~45 trillion hashes per second and the new asics are expected to multiply that several fold over the next few months: your rewards are directly equal to your share of that hash power so as it goes up your revenue goes down.
You can use this [Profit Calculator]( to size up how much you could expect to earn this way. Good luck. :3
@_date: 2013-06-22 08:35:33
Google Translation:


Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* News articles (and self.posts) that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news.
@_date: 2013-01-07 20:42:12
Ah ha!


*That* both explains things, and is just one more gorgeously clever element of the protocol. I feel embarrassed I didn't just re-invent that while musing the properties I was musing.
Viva la Crypto! :D
This does make me wonder though, by compressing the cleartext space to a small merkle root plus a nonce and some header stuff, would this be susceptible to some approach like [Rainbow Tables]( And by "susceptible" I mean "an opportunity for clever miners to optimize, consuming space to divide time, and boost their hash rates ahead of less clever miners?" ;3
@_date: 2013-05-21 09:55:05
Ripple the idea is something I am fascinated by. Ripple™ the closed source, pre-mined, centrally issued system everyone would have to rely desperately on Opencoin to maintain from one instant to the next on the other hand repels me and makes me nauseous.
@_date: 2013-02-24 13:58:19
TIL that sharing my bank details in order to use ACH to buy or sell Bitcoins gives away my identity to the party I am buying or selling bitcoins from, and that they may tell on me in order to remain in the business of buying and selling bitcoins via ACH should LEA or IRS ever come to ask about it.
Boy, I'm glad somebody pointed that out or I might have caught my dick in a ceiling fan again. 8I
@_date: 2013-05-31 21:02:48
Please observe our community rules from the sidebar:
* Do not use URL shortening services: always submit the real link.
* No referral links in submissions.
@_date: 2013-03-15 18:42:29
BTC-e has high sell pressure because OKpay debit card users convert their Bitcoin to USD and EUR that way automatically, but it's challenging to deposit USD there unless you know Russian or study that plumbing.
I still haven't gotten around to studying the plumbing myself; I want to arbitrage between BTC-e and Bitfloor.com which can sometimes get a $5-$8usd delta between their spreads! :o


Hmm. Now that I try to dig deeper to confirm the exact method OKPay uses to clear it's debit card conversions, I can't find one. All I can find is that OKPay interfaces both with BTC-e and with MtGox. 8I
@_date: 2013-01-26 07:20:45
What else would be choice is a sheet of all order placements, order cancels and transactions (order fills) across MtGox history, and a rendering app similar to MtGoxLive that redraws the lines to match the time index for each frame of the planned animation. :3
Then you wouldn't have to catch it realtime to make a video, you could recreate it from the archival data.
@_date: 2013-05-14 18:46:48
No, I'm saying that sounds fun too.
I mean, to be honest it would be a little bland and too much of a hassle to actually try under normal conditions, but the motivation of knowing that somewhere there are Victorian prude panties getting bundled up in knots at my antics might be just enough extra incentive to get me to turn that cam on. :3
Don't worry, I won't just brag about it and advertise everywhere lavishly, I'll make sure to credit you for giving me that extra boost of confidence too. &lt;3
@_date: 2013-08-24 01:33:11
/me checks mod log to confirm, it looks as though we've got 189.io banned at automod now so theymos got that did. My arms-race prediction was right though, spammers are already leaning on 126.am and cdd.me as of this morning. :/
@_date: 2013-02-23 00:43:32
[On the first square of the chessboard you put one pixel]( On the next put two. We're most of the way onto the third square of the chessboard, Jim. :3
Also I looked up when we were at a $100mil market cap, Aug 2012 or 7 months back.
@_date: 2013-03-02 03:29:22
yes, I run the [Tampermonkey]( framework which is supposed to help Firefox-designed greasemonkey scripts like this one work as intended in Chrome.
@_date: 2013-01-10 01:08:09


You're the one who gave him psychic powers and the ability to perfectly guarantee the condition of the car, yet you consider those amazing feats to be worth nothing when you say "this guy made no investment".


You also bait and switched the guy borrowing your car to borrowing cars from a car rental lot. 
When I upload a song to a file sharing website which I paid $X for zero legally enforceable rights in relation to, and somebody else downloads it, that is the analogue to "borrowing my car in such a way that I'm never deprived of it". I paid for a car, and now more value is being derived from that then I wastefully would have been able to do on my own via this neighbor's enginuity.
The car maker hates it, because otherwise maybe they could have made a sale off of the circumstantial use inefficiency and false scarcity. Car renters are only middle men to such an operation. They are valued only because they are trying to cash in directly on inefficiency. See [the Glazier's fallacy]( for comparison.
Digital products have to put up with the fact that they have no real scarcity, they are infinitely reproducible and distributable by anyone at negligible costs. As a result, attempts to force information to be artificially scarce just to encourage business models based on demand for canned content are indistinguishable from the De Beers cartel trying to enforce the scarcity of diamonds in order to ensure their own profits.
@_date: 2013-06-18 19:35:37
Sure, it sounds like you are looking for [btc.to]( (shorted an address into a web url)?
There is another idea called [Firstbits]( but A&gt; the main website which popularized this idea "Firstbits.com" appears to be down at present, and B&gt; Many people do dislike both the transaction spam and reduced security that Firstbits represents. (in particular, your address cannot have a unique, shortened Firstbits identifier until it has already received coin, leading people to send token amounts to themselves and cluttering up the chain)
@_date: 2013-02-25 06:16:56
Put backslashes \\ in front of command characters like \* and \^ to keep them from ruining your equations by transforming them into italics and superscripts. :9
@_date: 2013-01-01 02:12:42
Ah, must be my error. I was certain I had read somewhere that they did both, but according to their own pages (and everything else I can read in an attempt to corroborate if they ever did) that's a negative. I've edited original post to reflect, ty. :3
+tip 0.03btc
@_date: 2015-02-10 21:20:58
@_date: 2015-02-02 21:30:40
I'm not concerned which of those circles is being addressed given that I belong to both.
How can it be our *job* to *make* a demographic who fails to share our interests drop whatever the hell they are doing to instead like what we like or believe in what we have already invested ourselves in?
It's not my job to rid religious people of their superstition, is it? I'd love them to be more educated and I'll offer infromation and links to more and I'd love to see them kick superstition, but for most it is part of their identities and any meddling from my direction is a direct attack upon their agency.
The same is true for luddites, the risk averse, and those too satisfied with the status quo to participate in this ecosystem. They've chosen, and I can't change that. I will take every opportunity to lead a horse to water but you cannot hold it against me whether they drink or not.
@_date: 2013-05-01 03:50:13
Please heed the sidebar: No referral links in submissions.
@_date: 2013-06-11 21:07:09
de rien! :D
@_date: 2013-06-29 02:39:18
He always does that. I get lots of reports on his comments (maybe someone thinks his odd characters somehow contain malware? ;D ) but they've never been close to malicious yet. :P
@_date: 2013-03-11 17:01:21
Okay, so basically they came out of a plateau around Feb 27.
So what happened there? Any news announcements, any recent block reward halvings?
@_date: 2013-08-16 01:01:04
Well, that sword cuts both ways against price demands in any commodity.
Compare with gold in electronics and jewelry. If gold unit price drops then manufacturers will simply use more of it per unit in their products, given that gold is superior to copper and other metals for it's electrical and thermal properties and jewelry will simply employ more gold metal in lower cost pieces until eventually every other mcdonalds happy meal toy is gold plated.
I don't think it's helpful to try to contrast oversupply with underdemand, because the market is always exactly whatever size it needs to be. High price or value is always a function of greater demand than supply, low price or value is always a function of greater supply than demand. The only part that electronics makers, jewelers and miners play in the value side of things really play are representing markets that won't completely vanish, as opposed to markets that will always trade at a fixed price.
@_date: 2013-06-08 00:57:51
Alright, but I've pressed "load more comments" 3 times now and still page search doesn't even match the word "bit", so I assume your comment is buried pretty effectively.
As mentioned, if you can remember or re-generate what you posted in the comment you could either make a blog entry and post to that, or make a self-post (basically Reddit's blog-standin without the karma ;3) and that would bring things back on-topic.
Otherwise a lot of readers aren't going to even see *your* opinion of how this relates to bitcoin, even if you post in the comments section, and they're going to upvote based on their unrelated opinions on the matter.
@_date: 2013-05-21 04:24:40
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Do not use URL shortening services: always submit the real link.
I am curious why you do not simply post the paysource link, instead of posting a self link containing a bit.ly shortner?
@_date: 2013-04-23 10:19:33
Someone made a word cloud within the last few weeks and bubble was there but was by far not the most used word. :P
@_date: 2013-07-04 02:45:34
No, I think he means he *logs into* his netflix account, and Netflix eventually figured out how to filter all US customer logins to US sites even when they log in via Canadian IPs.
Only way to fix that would be to set yourself up with a Canadian Netflix subscription somehow. ;3
@_date: 2013-06-02 10:29:35
Well, Avalon ain't sent out *my* rig, yet. ;3
@_date: 2013-02-04 08:05:21
I hope the pair of you don't get too frustrated with one another during this exchange, because I think you're both extolling very worthwhile security/convenience points that I enjoy hearing. :3
I don't think either of you are fundamentally wrong, I think you're simply defending different expectations regarding specific convenience and security. Is it easier for new users to set up tor and route through that, and perform offline transactions via CLI and rely on the stratum servers of others, or to sync and maintain their own copy of the blockchain, trust noone and get a gui to assist in offline txn?
@_date: 2013-01-29 01:38:49
I like how Bitcoin may turn out to be a Chinese finger trap to government malfeasance. 
They claim to curate your wealth so that you don't have to, or even have to know how to. Shop with confidence online, because who cares if the merchant is a fake or your card data gets stolen? The bank/processor will just cover your losses for you and charge it all to the legit merchants, burying it in tomorrow's prices.
So long as they can keep telling the public this and following through, they keep their jobs. Bitcoin grows, but only slowly. Every time they fuck up and make people upset, they lose marketshare to Bitcoin which just keeps ratcheting up in value.
So the only way to defeat Bitcoin is to clean up your damned act and fulfill the promise you made to your citizens, for at least for long as you can maintain that impossible charade. In the meantime we'll be here, cheering you on and providing feedback by way of eating your lunch a little bit more every time you slip. No rush. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-01 01:40:18
That's my next concern.
They don't want to reveal their fraud detection sauce because fraudsters will try to take advantage of whatever intel they can get. I worry about what happens when fraudsters figure out Coinbase will currently bleed heart for reddit users. :S
Post transaction you intend to reverse, get denied, post on reddit, get whitelisted, post 10 more transactions and then reverse them all. ;P
I just have to hope that Coinbase has other good metrics to confirm that the folks posting on reddit are low enough risk otherwise to usher through. :]
@_date: 2013-05-17 07:25:37
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:


But I might recommend or the  irc channel on Freenode to find what you are looking for.
Good luck. :3
@_date: 2013-05-16 14:03:59
While I have heard of one or two interesting obstacles to successfully *purchasing* bitcoins via coinbase (they go out of stock of coins to sell you at unexpected times, they stop your buy order a few days in and return your fiat due to flagging you as possibly fraudulent, nothing really serious or more than occasional inconveniences) I've never heard a peep from anyone about difficulty selling coins there. I have also done so myself, works well.
The salient points to keep in mind are:
* Cost: low. ~1%
* Speed: slow. It's ACH to your bank account, but coinbase ACH always takes twice as long as anyone else's: you'll see the deposit in your bank after 5-6 days
* Anonymity: it is to your bank account, so IRS very much knows you cashed out and will want their capital gains next year, DEA can put a name to your sending bitcoin address in case you've been using Silk Road, etc.
Altogether it's a very good and reliable option. The only other similar one I can easily recommend (besides the ubiquitous [Localbitcoins]( and  is [FastCash4Bitcoins](
* Cost: higher, ~4%
* Speed: fast. to Paypal within an hour, ACH 2-3 days (although I'm not seeing ACH when I try to list payout methods any more? That might be down at present..)
* Anonymity: basically the same as Coinbase
@_date: 2013-05-25 04:55:58
High.. high *explosives*? D:
@_date: 2013-01-20 00:09:13
Haha, yeah I can see that candlestick on their chart still. :D [Here's a zoom]( on the activity in question.
I guess the sell walls were just so weak and one buyer of 600+ BTC so desperate that they sweeped everything up to a wall at that price. :B
@_date: 2013-06-03 07:01:47
Good question, and interestingly the answer is a dominant "NO". :D
The difficulty calculation actually does not occur every 2 weeks, it's 2 weeks *on average*. Specifically it is every 2016 blocks. So if a powerful computer (I don't think QM can brute force limbo hashing any faster than CM) suddenly dwarfed everyone else's hashrate, they would simply output blocks every few seconds instead of every 10 minutes and the 2016 interval would be reached in, say, a day instead of 2 weeks.
So that might shorten the temporal interval until the next halving, but it would not increase the number of bitcoins mined prior to that halving. :3
@_date: 2013-02-02 14:15:57
I'm taking a look at btc-e presently. I find the deposit methods sort of confusing? It keeps taking me to pages like interkassa where everything is in russian, and google's translate feature doesn't help.
Do you have any advice on how to navigate this here exchange? xD  Thanks!
@_date: 2013-01-12 15:03:14
I've considered this "hater" angle, before. Thus for sites acutely aware of this potential, I'm of the mind they should offer a separate bitcoin landing page, perhaps either selling gift certs or something of that nature, or setting a cookie which triggers the display of "bitcoin" as a checkout option.
That way the coiners can still buy their goods in BTC, they can advertise the landing page to coiners in all the usual places to maximize exposure to us, they can still SEO that landing page for "&lt;their product name&gt; bitcoin", but all the braindead customers don't get spooked. :P
@_date: 2013-07-11 18:06:16
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news.
@_date: 2013-06-13 00:18:22
Submission removed for [violating Reddit Global Rules]( Please beware 17, the Admins don't have any tolerance to Vote Manipulation by way of linking to anywhere on reddit and asking people to vote a certain way. :S
@_date: 2013-01-29 05:43:23
Best I can do is 13mbtc. &amp;
+tip 13mbtc
@_date: 2013-04-19 01:55:35
Nah, this looks kosher to me now, thank you for the attention. Re-instating. :3
@_date: 2013-02-02 13:07:42
two problems:
1. coinabul's rates are off, like, 12% so that's a lot of loss. 
2. The state will track who got several thousand in gold from them through the mail (they report, they put insurance on the parcel, etc) and the local coin shop by law must track their purchase, with your drivers licence etc. So none of that would be below the radar: it would in fact put a great big red flag on OPs name that I'm sure he'd love to avoid.
Anonymous cash transactions via localbitcoins or other OTC is the best way to stay under the radar. That said, plan way ahead and don't just walk around with $20k of cash on you, or you gon' get mugged. ;P
Probably best idea: Talk to an accountant. None of us here are. Evading taxes may prove to be a more expensive idea than finding clever, legal loopholes to reduce tax liability. CPA won't know the mechanics of Bitcoin for shit, but combine our recommendations with their evaluations of which suggestions best to weather the tax storm and you're all set. :)
@_date: 2013-04-24 09:06:01
Bitcoin + obscure conway's game of life reference?
Zero people I ever met understood my [Ferrous Wheel shirt]( and not at all for lack of trying and guessing. But this?
lol xD
@_date: 2013-02-18 06:11:13
[I baked you a pie!]( :D
@_date: 2013-08-30 23:31:43
Or, like OP said, receipt just has a QR code on it. QR could be a bitcoin address, or a web address to a page of various online payment methods. Want to pay by bitcoin? Fiddle with the crap, specify tip, hit send. 10 people in the party, some want cash, some credit card, some bitcoin, some paypal? Give them each their receipt, and let the online people fiddle with their smartphones or tablets and the cash people fold cash into their folders and card people put cards in their folders.
Card people need an extra trip or two or extra hand-holding from the staff, while everyone else has a mint or leaves early, their part of the bill satisfied.
@_date: 2013-03-31 15:25:44
In addition to what everyone here is mentioning, I do have one more pro and one more con to name regarding changing the block frequency.
**Pro:** confirmation times are, in fact, faster. [Nicolai's comment]( makes it sound as though faster blocks would be perfectly counterbalanced by less hashpower per block, leading to no change in average amount of security per minute. But that's not accurate.
Somebody did a math paper on this recently, and demonstrated that even with less hashpower per block, each block remains an exponential step forward in security. Thus, say 10x 2.5 minute blocks (25 minutes total) provide more security than 3 or even 4 10 minute blocks (30-40 minutes total).
That gain isn't huge to shave 25% off your time to desired security level while quadrupling orphan rates, but there is another con yet to be discussed as well.
**Con:** shorter confirmation times mean less effort for [Finney Attacks]( It's easier for an attacker to pre-mine a block with such an artificially low difficulty and then time a transaction with you immediately afterwards without publishing their block so that if you trust their 0-conf, they then publish their block spending the balance elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-08-24 14:01:56
User is implying that any marijuana dispensaries who chose to use Bitcoin could both store and move large quantities of wealth both A&gt; without relying on banks who are currently blackballing them and B&gt; without relying on armored cars to secure the wealth en route.
@_date: 2013-03-07 13:06:12
You must be a REALLY big fan of Namecoin then, eh? :D
@_date: 2013-06-26 22:30:23
It sounds to me like he's simply saying the newest models of AMD GPU's could have asic cards bolted onto them. To me this assumes that there's enough real-estate and thermal-dissipation to go around to add X amount of silicon, and then that whatever X amount of silicon you choose will offer enough GH/s to carry it's own weight in the marketability of the card.
EG: not a reasonable idea for AMD *unless* they literally have a square inch or two of space going to waste otherwise and the spare capacity to dissipate the generated heat.
On the plus side, whatever ASIC AMD manufactures would take a very long time to become obsolete since they are at the bleeding edge of minaturizing logic gates. :9
@_date: 2013-05-16 13:47:45
Hmm, link doesn't go to story talked about in headline, and link's already been submitted recently.
@_date: 2013-02-20 15:25:01
I think you're working under a flawed view of "supply" in this model. Sure, ~11 million BTC currently exist, but outlawing it's trade severely limits the supply available for any one person who might wish to buy in, thus providing pressure to raise the price in identical fashion to any contraband.
@_date: 2013-01-26 06:34:28
"Elevator pitch" means something short and to the point enough you could deliver the pitch while riding with somebody in an elevator. :3
@_date: 2013-01-13 05:42:22
Yeah, but according to that graph even, the 7 day average market cap for July 4 - July 10 was $165mil.
Unit price average was $25 x 6.5mil coins = $165mil cap
@_date: 2013-03-27 02:05:17
I might agree with you far enough to say "people who abuse this jargon to hide their obvious lack of understanding of market underpinnings", or to speculate on mass sentiment which cannot be readily quantified turn me off from their opinions. But I feel free to use the terms when discussing implicit positions, synonyms for "long" and "short" positions.
In other news, I didn't bother to watch the video so I can't speak to how badly he's abused the jargon in particular. ;3
@_date: 2013-08-14 00:42:15
I'm sorry, I don't see the previous post to which you refer.
@_date: 2013-02-28 01:13:28
Alright, now I sell TV's. What is my incentive to subscribe to your taint service? I'm going to refuse my customers' money, generate negative PR and support headaches for myself and clearly not get paid.. just because *you* claim the coins are stolen property?
How do I know you're trustworthy to make that claim? How do I know the original claim wasn't either fraudulent or extortive? How many different taint lists do I, and every single bitcoin transactor have to check to maintain this facade? What happens to the value of the currency when it loses it's fungibility, and I have to carefully monitor my coin pedigree to make sure coins tainted for use in copyright infringement don't try to get spent in the US while coins tainted by the hands of filthy infidel religion A don't try to get spent in fanatical country B?
In my view, it is not the job of a currency to enforce your property rights for you, and the power to evaporate the currency from the hands of a criminal would be indistinguishable from the power to evaporate the currency from the hands of an innocent man.
@_date: 2013-03-08 22:49:34
And here's is some pixzses :9
@_date: 2013-02-04 10:56:09
Basically, investing in a small cap currency for no reason other than to move wealth from one sphere to another guarantees an exponential increase in convenience fees to the actor. Assume for example, he buys $70mil USD worth of Bitcoin via his gold or fiat reserves in Iran, flies to Germany, and immediately liquidates his holdings. I think the amount he could get back out of the system would be depressed by 50% or more, due to many holders of bitcoin choosing that specific price spike to cash out (wholely or partially) and live the high life, offering a depressing pressure to the price. OTOH, while news and hype could offer an inductive speculative demand and an influx of new users, the effect would be volatile given that we don't have a fundamental goods and services economy quite mature enough to support moves like that, yet.
OTOOH, one person doing this out of the blue is a fairly contrived example. It's unlikely any single wealthy person would risk their assets on such a stunt, but it is much more likely that many wealthy people and organizations would forumlate similar ideas at similar times cued by headlines or innovations as they occur, leading them to invest somewhat more mildly than above and very nearly in concert, and additionally in much better harmony with our needs and introducing less volatility to the market. :3
@_date: 2013-02-25 06:01:05
I am interested in your perspective regarding not being able to spend the genesis reward; I haven't heard of that before.
Thank you!
@_date: 2013-02-27 09:50:31
Perhaps, but I'm not sure *how much* lower cost.
SHA256 does some serious bit shifting, to ensure that every bit of input data has a probabilistic effect on every bit in the hash. You stream filter all the input, so you basically could not predict what the first few bits or bytes of the output hash will be given any specific input stream without first streaming through all the input.. which can't easily be done any faster than streaming through all the input already.
Combine with this that the nested hash in this scenario means you have to hash all the input data from the first stream completely just to know what the input date for the second round even *is*. 8I
But if you can be more specific on the details of the weakness you think you see in hash256's utter obfuscation of input data (which was what it was designed to do) then by all means elaborate; I might not properly apprehend your meaning. :3
@_date: 2013-09-12 22:43:34
I don't see that there is an awful lot to discuss here. Author basically rent his own budding argument in twain by claiming that Magic The Gathering cards are not a seigniorage scheme and by endorsing those as a fully fledged currency "in every single way Bitcoins are not" or  "ever will" be.
Every Magic The Gathering card ever printed was printed by Wizards of the coast. Card stock and ink costs fractions of a penny per $100+ card they print. Magic The Gathering cards offer zero utility save speculation and playing card entertainment. They certainly offer no currency features not already done better by federal reserve notes or precious metal coins, let alone Bitcoin.
Bitcoins can be transmitted instantly across the globe, secured by secret-keeping (paper wallets, brain wallets) instead of raw physical security, and verified free of counterfeit using nothing but a secure PC or smartphone with zero corruptible central authority, even if you only have untrusted (attacker can eavesdrop, modify any/all packets) network links.
It is an open source payment system that anybody who chooses to fully engage with it's security requirements at bare metal can create applications for without first requiring permission from central networks which would harbor conflicts of interest. 
It is a payment system and a commodity which any person that has access to moderate communications bandwidth can trade and hold without having to submit to credit checks, endanger their personal information or have their assets frozen or payments blocked by third parties. ([Wordpress puts this quite well in their blog](
[It represents the single cheapest international remittance vehicle in the world today]( even before it's been very heavily adopted. This is a big deal because [remittances are a HUGE industry]( and Western Union will happily take $50-100usd for the work Bitcoin can do for pennies (both costs before exchange rate is even calculated).
Author offers nothing but wild, baseless speculation that Bitcoin could never possibly maintain a cent of market value without some shadowy insiders propping up all of it's value, and thus begs the question that the existence of market value proves the presence of shadow insiders. Author dis-favorably compares Bitcoin with a pet rock, even though pet rocks and all other currencies before it lack all of the features I list above. Then favorably contrasts bitcoin against magic cards even though those *are* almost functionally indistinguishable from rocks.
Then Author spends all of the remainder of their time saying "It can never work because only a few people support it today". Every system, currency, commodity and playing card went through a stage where fewer people supported it than have heard about it, making that assertion as hollow as zeno's paradox.
@_date: 2013-09-14 05:57:17


Your username demanded it of me. :P
@_date: 2013-08-06 20:18:03
For trades, I would recommend Also, it sounds like you've gotten a fair bit of info why folks are suspicious of paypal traders. But I just wanted to make sure you knew where trades ought to be advertised for future edification. :3
@_date: 2013-03-03 13:20:42
estimation :3
@_date: 2013-01-30 02:42:41
Vanitygen can use your CPU or even your GPU to rapidly generate millions of addresses until it finds one or more that match your specifications, such as what letters to start with after the initial 1 or 3 (most bitcoin addresses start with 1, some exotic ones like shared escrow addresses start with 3).
The more letters you want, the more power it takes. For example, 1dice.. addresses you can make with a CPU in about a minute. 7 letters long after the one can take many hours with a powerful GPU.
There are distributed Vanity Generating services, where people win bounties for creating vanity addresses for other people, too. The one I know is: 
They have a secure way to generate these so that you hold the private key and the person who generated the address never touches it and cannot spend your money. It's pretty damned slick. :B
@_date: 2013-08-15 23:58:02
True, but the HTTP standard lets you offer I think up to 2MB in post variables. In contrast, most websites that even *have* a maximum allowed password size (be those through error message, not allowing you to type more or just ignoring characters after a given point) max out at 8, 12, 16, 20, or 32.. all of which are pathetic compared to security expectations users may reasonably have.
My old bank? required minimum 6 *and maximum 8* char passwords, *and* dissallowed all but letters and numbers. EG, exactly 222 trillion password combos. New bank? Allows up to twenty, but still bars most special characters.
Password length, when taken to extremes may complicate network communications but should have no impact on storage if they are stored (stretched, salted and) fixed-length hashed.
@_date: 2013-02-04 08:30:04
"talk about" ≠ defame a market space due to one idiot shooting his own foot off.
@_date: 2013-04-14 05:41:00
@_date: 2013-02-01 01:16:58
Perhaps "can we.." could be replaced with "will we lead happier, more productive lives in aggregate if we..". So far, two million years of human evolution have lead us to a hierarchical society with moderate peace and a tenuous balance with nature in the wealthy parts of the world and a feudal bloodbath and desertification in much of Africa, among other contemporary governmental patterns. (totalitarianism in NK, theocracy, semi-feudalism across asia..)
Humans obviously survive and reproduce across this broad range of scenarios, but it's still clear and virtually unanimous that we expect more from life than merely aggregate survival. The question is whether there exists governmental patterns we could utilize to greater aggregate well-being than the current hierarchical incumbent.
@_date: 2013-03-04 06:31:13
I wonder how legit they are, given the travesty of torwallet. 8I
@_date: 2013-07-10 09:33:14
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
Personally, I'd recommend for trade advertisements. I've had plenty of good luck that route. :3
@_date: 2013-02-19 14:14:10
@_date: 2013-08-01 00:14:16
Depending on how it goes, I'm hoping to be able to *pause*
*unpause* turn a *pause*
oh! That's not a real ad. D:
@_date: 2013-04-07 23:43:19
And as soon as MtGox cannot be relied on to actually trade Bitcoins, then people will stop quoting their no-longer-valid exchange rate and move on to another exchange. Preev.com did just that earlier this week when the MtGox report lag was too high, they started reporting the rate from Bitstamp instead.
Functioning exchanges are at the mercy of arbitrage. You cannot try to manipulate the currency while obeying the rules without hemorrhaging money to the arbitragers, and you cannot malfunction without the community leaving your market behind. 
@_date: 2013-01-18 23:09:34
I've read that article twice now, and nowhere do I see any hypothesi on universal fates which hinge upon the quantity of reality tv watched or facebook games played during this period in history. 
To the standard first worlder then, all potential universal fates are isomorphic to "eventually evaporating into nothing". x3
@_date: 2013-07-30 08:04:49
I know that the "vacation" status appears to be common for any escrow transaction that times out. I'm not sure that applies in your situation though.
I would agree not to use LBC escrow for face to face transactions though, it's overkill and no buyer should ever really be asking for it then. However, like you I might have been talked into it prior to knowing how people might try to game the dispute system. :o
@_date: 2013-06-02 09:22:17
Oh look, it's a Spanish language translation and reposting of this sensationalist gilipollez: [The End of Bitcoin as We Know It](
@_date: 2013-02-18 04:51:21
Yep, I think the bitterness in my tone comes from that phrase (and I can understand if it's just unfortunate wording)


My kneejerk translation of this was "Bitcoin is useless to everyone who cannot milk it for easy money", and you are right that I get my hackles up early from lots of the newbs viewing it from this perspective, and honestly throwing fits when they learn that in fact they cannot become a millionaire by the end of the day using their four-function solar calculator to mine with.
It also doesn't help that [some of our most valuable videos]( focus on the mining aspect, which while cryptographically fascinating and important break down in the minds of layman into the incorrect idea: "sweet, I get to print unlimited free money because of how epic my gaming rig is at playing Skyrim!" x3
There's basically so many red herrings around mining (which I've taken to call "Bookkeeping" as a more durable description) and around the burgeoning exchange rate that the noise usually drowns out the signal for new users.
The real take home is that Bitcoin can be used to store wealth, at least in a manner which insulates you from inflation (and that is saying something) though you trade that security for the volatility of faith in this new, experimental currency. And it can be used to exchange value with absolutely any other person on the planet who also chooses to use it. No third party has the power to block your payment or freeze your funds or monitor your holdings (when you take appropriate precautions). No third party has to know your identity, not even the counterparty (in either direction of the transaction). Using a smart phone, it's especially fast and inexpensive to transact. Both buyer and seller get to choose exactly how inexpensive, or exactly how secure *their* side of the transaction will be. Fraud risk chosen by the buyer does not add expense or risk to the seller, and vice versa.
So, I am sorry if I've been a bit snippy. :B  But hopefully I've provided some useful insights as well, and welcome to our cantankerous little community, eh? ;3
@_date: 2013-08-24 14:29:00
Killhamster is the brains behind [buttcoin.org](
Just sayin. :/
@_date: 2013-01-20 09:21:29
Took me some effort to see what this Payswarm thing is. It's not on wikipedia, found a quick summary 7:20 into [this video]( (link takes you to that time index)
I'm personally confused what value this gets for being a "standard" as that video harps on about for so long before getting to the point, instead of somebody just making it a Wordpress plugin to begin with and seeing how and where that evolves.
Basically I'd expect an implementation or standards track to get road tested to confirm it's how the public really wants to operate before you try foisting it in as a "standard" and all the companies who invest in this "infrastructure" get to watch in horror as it flops and nobody uses it? xD
Also, it discusses consumers setting up prepaid account pools per producer which they get to control, but nowhere does it mention who is going to hold onto those funds. My bank? A processor like Paypal? 
@_date: 2013-06-02 20:06:47
Please observe our community rules from the sidebar:
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
And no, I do not think that premined scamcoin XRP is ever going to trade at higher than $100usd. :P
@_date: 2013-06-14 02:25:10
OK I see what you mean, not just start a new alt coin from scratch but instead try to fork the *existing* Bitcoin blockchain?
Yeah.. that is weak tea because as soon as the chain forks, it's basically a new alt coin where all holders of Bitcoin proper get the equivalent of a matching number of pre-mined coins on the alt chain. You would never be able to spend the same coin on both chains at the same time.
It would be bedlam, and if they did it — which is to say got an appreciable number of vendors and exchanges and miners to mine and trade the BTCUS alt chain it would simply make everyone sour on the currency. That said, no customers would want to use/endorse the BTCUS false chain, since doing so guarantees everything stays sour. As soon as everyone of consequence either agrees the proper chain is proper, or agrees that those who don't are no longer of consequence, then BTCUS dies save for all the shills (including co-opted businesses) still trying to push it.
@_date: 2013-01-18 20:37:28
ELI5 (is a meme that literally means "explain this concept to me in terms that somebody who has never experienced it would understand". This helps prevent the explainer from making incorrect assumptions about what the listener might already know about the subject, because by default it's easy for us to imagine that five year olds don't already know about finance or auto repair or computer networking. So having to break an explanation that far down guarantees that anyone could understand it, even if they've already been introduced to confusing and wrong ideas about the topic in the past and given a false foundation. :3
I am curious why you associate this meme with Americans though, is it not common in Europe?
@_date: 2013-03-11 18:26:05


So how many gigahashes did they benchmark at, with what power draw?
@_date: 2013-02-10 10:33:53
@_date: 2013-07-04 02:53:39
There's not much practical point to "all" of them accepting bitcoin, since as a customer all you need is one option that's suitable to your needs.
I think was just employing hyperbole, and your post was an overreaction and that's why it was downvoted.
So far as your list of alternative payment methods:


Nearly every one of those is more expensive than bitcoin (Wire? Really? $15-35 at each end for some VPN service?) and nearly every one of them also suffers from the problems of identity leakage which customers of a VPN for privacy purposes will be especially sensitive to. By identity leakage, I mean both the potential for the customer to be tracked and also the potential for somebody to abuse their payment information and to impersonate them.
As you and I both know, Bitcoin either properly mixed or anonymously obtained can be transacted with perfect anonymity, and zero playback fraud potential for the client and zero chargeback potential for the provider. There hardly exist any other payment mechanisms in the world tailored to those goals. :J
@_date: 2013-03-11 16:42:53


At what point in the past 6 months has that not been the case?
@_date: 2013-01-26 23:58:12
EG, Bitcoin would make the Bank's day to day work easier. They could use a commodity like this to digitally and instantly settle accounts between administratively distinct institutions.
But on the other hand, endorsing such a solution would neutralize their gouging practices such as fractional reserve banking substitution, inflation and centralized control over others' finances.
@_date: 2013-04-25 06:25:00
The first groundbreaking feature of this exciting new currency is how many of it's evangelists try to co-opt our sub on a daily basis to soap box it in an attempt to pump their own holdings. so much so that we've had to ban discussions of non-bitcoin cryptocurrencies from the sub (see sidebar).
Please try or instead. If they don't have enough subscribers to really help you find a good answer, then that in fact is your answer. :/
@_date: 2013-02-07 02:06:25
[VirWoX]( fees are roughly 6% when you count all the spreads, piddling bank interchange fees and miners fees to withdraw your loot. For transactions &lt;$83, this works out to less than $5usd. *shrugs*
Otherwise, if you have a bank account [Coinbase]( only charges 1%, you just have to wait about a week for the ACH to clear. :3
@_date: 2013-02-18 06:21:50
I wanna subscribe to jur newsletter. :D
+tip 0.03 btc
@_date: 2013-01-15 23:15:26
"[ELI5](Bitcoin Transactions" isn't a request that really needs so much formulation. :3
I believe Bitcoin is an incredibly elegant, intricate, and well-balanced system. But it's so many nuances layered over nuances that it can be really challenging for people to grok the specific facets which they are either curious or paranoid about without having to digest the entire ball of wax. Or alternately, choosing which end of the ball of wax to try to digest first can be a challenge if all the descriptions start at an end you don't want to start at.
@_date: 2013-03-27 04:59:51
I meant locally. :P  OP was trying to say nobody local would want bitcoin, and I was saying anyone who wanted to buy drugs on SR or send money to family in another country, or protest the establishment, et al would be happy to.
@_date: 2013-02-09 01:43:03
Tell him to go collect all the gold skultulas from the abandoned house. &amp;
@_date: 2013-02-07 04:40:35
Is a bitcoin C library something that can be used without a full blockchain, or a live internet connection? For example, could it potentially be general purpose enough to mine against static data or calculate vanity addresses or sign offline transactions or other offline pursuits, or is it's functionality inextricably tied to maintaining a full, live blockchain?
@_date: 2013-07-24 00:27:03
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy.
@_date: 2013-01-22 03:34:11
TIL, thank ye. :3
@_date: 2013-02-10 00:32:57
Well, again we were looking for a one to one mapping (per your other comment, and because math types have OCD xD) from real to imaginary. My first attempt was a dump from real to imaginary, yours here is a conditional dump from real into complex.
As I'm also a CS type, I actually do run into dumps and one to one maps fairly often. You need that in crypto quite often, when you want to conserve maximum entropy across functions, and in mundane programming when you're planning how to process external inputs it reduces the attack surface when you can map a meaningful, valid interpretation to the entire domain of potential inputs. Some of those interpretations may be exceptions or graceful error responses, but if you don't plan for them all you leave a window for attackers to force unexpected behavior from your program. :3
That said, for me working out problems like this is just fun and fascinating, and I do find the results illuminating. Don't mean to pester ye over it or nothin. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-08 06:43:09
I don't feel like he was being very clear upon that point. In another part of the thread he talks about the accounting costs being continuous over time, just sub-linear to volume (eg, same BTC volume next month would incur same costs, double volume would incur something more than same but less than double costs)
@_date: 2013-03-02 08:55:16
You sound like the sort of person who would try to train a puppy by mercilessly attacking it with a rolled up newspaper and zero direction as to what it could have done wrong. I don't think I'm the only person here who needs to think seriously about his attitude.
@_date: 2013-06-04 16:57:42
The domain name "zerohedges.com" exists for no reason other than to offer this fake article. This is a phishing/malware site.
@_date: 2013-02-16 01:35:13
Hear, hear! I'm the only one listed within 150 miles from me, where ARE all you peeps, eh? xD
Advertise on localbitcoins! Get the grassroots network flowing, yo. :O
@_date: 2013-05-06 21:21:52
"Hacker" does not solely infer "person who defeats the security of a computer system". That is a pejorative that has been applied to the subculture simply because that's how they were most easily recognized by the outside world: nobody recognizes a computer expert until one of them causes a ruckus.
Hacker instead refers to any skilled computer user who writes software or solves technical problems on the fly, thinking on their feet instead of following a rote script. Any example of prototyping an innovative computing technique directly in generic code qualifies one as a Hacker, and Satoshi did accomplish just that. 
@_date: 2013-02-19 08:24:32
Sokath! His eyes open. :J
@_date: 2013-01-26 06:15:22
lol,wut? Why does bittip bot care about tipping less than 0.10 USD if it is happy with 0.001BTC (eg 1mBTC)? :3
@_date: 2013-01-11 03:41:52
The "High", "Low" and "Weighted average" values represent the highest, lowest, and average trades which have been made during the past 24 hours. The "Last Price" is the price of the exact very last trade transacted.
@_date: 2013-02-19 22:15:19
@_date: 2013-02-04 10:47:40
There is something special about combining the perspective "It's too unpopular to ever gain traction" with "If it were powerful the government would ban it".
It can't be powerful enough for the government to waste action against it until/unless it is popular, and if it ever gains popularity it will by definition be immediately too powerful for a government to leverage against it. That's the end-game.
Compare this road to the road of PGP. Phillip Zimmerman was an academic public figure, an easy target. He published a protocol, and the weight of public interest in this protocol eventually forced the US government to basically repeal it's cryptographic export munitions laws.
Another problem is that you are charactarizing "the government" as a single, distinct, rational and immoral entity. Instead it is made up of thousands of decision makers who argue, and disagree with one another, and many of them are pro-bitcoin and many more misunderstand it and by definition will never perceive the weight of it's threat until it's too late.
Our benefit in this fight is that when we say "the government is corrupt" what we mean is that it is comprised of corrupt individuals, like cancer cells. Each one looks to their *own* best interests long before they look to maintain systemic corruption. No honor among theives, as they say.
And to whatever extent this organization is not corrupt, it also will not be interested in expending effective effort to snuff Bitcoin. Bitcoin is sufficiently anti-fragile to do nothing but thrive in the face of naive attacks, such as pressuring the fiat exchanges or just passing a "war on Bitcoin" law. Any recognition by the government at all would do nothing but suggest to a public that is in the middle of decriminalizing marijuana that Bitcoin may in fact be relevant enough to make the money printers flinch. In effect, we have the Streisand Effect on our side. :P
@_date: 2013-07-02 21:52:41
By all means, using the "report" button helps as well. has been posting his comment and using report, bringing the submissions to admin attention so they can be removed. :3
@_date: 2013-08-30 20:52:30
Yeah. Has anybody ITT, in original article or in submission title suggested that crypto*currency* was the specific target of this operation?
Yet we may still see collateral damage if they reach breakthroughs that compromise our fundamental algorithms (SHA256, RIPM-160, ECDSA) so it's still quite relevant to our interests.
@_date: 2013-01-05 00:57:26
Well, scalable and fast is already the first priority of v0.8.
If this is second, then what 3 more focuses would you prefer bumping invoicing features into fifth place? :3
@_date: 2013-04-08 23:56:40
I think it's better to leave off the details of mining, or people will assume that anyone can own a printing press, and they'll come in here complaining when they learn that they can't reasonably print free money.
@_date: 2013-03-30 14:21:58
So let me get this straight, which of the following scenarios are you concerned about? These are the only scenarios which can come from a large, say 25% hoarder.
1. Hoarder continues to hoard indefinitely. His coins are not in circulation, thus do not affect exchange rate. Hoarder spends 1BTC per day as you prescribe, and lives a more austere life than I do. How can he "enslave" anybody by living like a pauper?
2. Hoarder spends his coins. Buys all the nice things, clears all the seats at the Opera house so that nobody else can get a seat, breaks the law and bribes officials so he never gets punished, etc. But now that he's spending he's not hoarding. Having 25% today does not give him any special leverage to regain 25% tomorrow after he's drained any off, and the more he spends the more he depresses the price and thus the relative value of his remaining stash.
You've claimed the presence of a hoarder will kill confidence, but you have not clarified for what reason confidence would be killed. Fear needs a foundation: by what mechanism could centralization of this specific type of non-manipulable wealth lead to "enslavement" or any negative consequences for the market aside from inchoate "fear of negative consequences"?
Basically, you're just naming a recursive loop of fear. "I am afraid people will be afraid that people will be afraid that..."
@_date: 2013-01-24 07:16:38
Titty Sprinkles. :&gt;
@_date: 2013-11-14 18:38:15
Hey now, don't be teasing me about Kroger yo. :P
I've bought some Kroger cards off of a personal trader before. OMGuh those are nice. T\^T
@_date: 2013-03-21 14:29:43
Sure it is. OP is not talking about no walkthroughs so far as setting up the real and the fake versions of the wallet, he's talking about no out of band walkthroughs like setting up encrypted drives or recompiling a custom kernel or building special hardware for the job. :P
@_date: 2013-01-27 00:38:39
.. and here's my receipt for your receipt. :B
@_date: 2013-04-04 19:56:01
True, but that's why looking at the fundamentals is important. Segway never even claimed to solve any problems beyond "why can't I hold all these moneys" and "I'm too lazy to just walk there".
Both the Internet and Bitcoin serve a common, global need: the first communicational freedom and the second financial freedom.
@_date: 2013-03-04 23:08:11
Tainting Bitcoins inevitably harms the reputation of the currency itself (eg, everyone obsessing over every possible list because they don't want to be left holding the bag in case the last coins they received wind up *later* being added to some popular list) and the merchants (bitcoin acceptors) who act upon said lists (Don't shop at JoeMart, it's hard to tell if your money will even get accepted there!).
Also, there's little incentive for an apolitical merchant to actually subscribe to such a list, since it does nothing but reduce their revenue and increase their operating costs by definition.
Finally, such lists basically do little but to introduce local prejudice into the blockchain. You imagine fraud prevention, but everyone else who might have motive to either maintain or to subscribe to lists will be trying to figure out how to disadvantage their competition or their cultural enemies. :S
@_date: 2013-09-05 22:43:03
But Paypal's entire business model is a form of escrow.
@_date: 2013-01-29 01:02:21
The catch/22 is tough, here. You can't advertise your Bitcoin business if the sticking point is nobody knows what a bitcoin is, let alone how to actually wield them.
Best idea is to champion bitcoin as one potential payment method for whatever your widget is, and discount the bitcoin side to entice people to use it. Then you're facing the negative PR against your business from mouthbreathers who 'reason' that you wouldn't be long on Bitcoin unless you needed to buy drugs or rob the tax man or it's all a big scam that you're somehow in on.
TCP/IP might not have advertisements, but tourist bureaus do. I see ads for Milk, Eggs, and Beef on TV all the time. This would be an industry-wide sort of an ad. :3
@_date: 2013-03-12 10:54:05
OP doesn't mean "could they introduce a bug", they mean "could they discover a bug like this and then exploit it".
I still think the answer is "not likely", but only because this particular bug came from a mined block and not a spurious transaction.
@_date: 2013-02-11 23:07:47
Well, if anything the most visible examples of regulations are those that lead to noisesome corruption and industry failure. 
How about you tee off, Marshall, by giving an example of a government regulation which demonstrably had an effect other than destabalizing the industry in question in comparison to allowing the free market to function uninterupted?
I can think of quite a number of examples to mention, but I'd like to hear yours and kick up some discussion. :3
@_date: 2013-05-07 08:06:30
That only impacts people with lots of money who want to shelter in a form aside from fiat. OP isn't referring to those people, but to the people who may otherwise commit small amounts of money to using Bitcoin to make purchases or to price their goods in bitcoin as merchants. Those same people would either never purchase gold as a transaction vehicle and prefer silver, or would overprice their goods in gold because they feel humiliated selling simple items for a "kajillionth" of an oz.
I only compare to stocks and commodities because that's the sorts of digital purchases people are accustomed to making, so they immediately mentally compare bitcoin to those instruments.
@_date: 2013-06-21 19:52:27
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
I recommend or [Localbitcoins]( for this sort of advertisement, instead.
@_date: 2013-11-21 04:29:26
But MtGox trades all of their currencies on the same book, and you can withdraw Yuan. They ought to at least arbitrage easily enough to BTCChina; give or take extra variables I cannot determine.
@_date: 2013-09-03 12:10:57
What reason would anyone have to use a random number generator to generate nonces? Operating an RNG would do nothing but slice into your available hash/second horsepower.
@_date: 2013-01-18 07:55:52
Well, that's one reason we're trying to transition from calling those people "miners" to calling them "bookkeepers". People keep getting stuck thinking that's the only way to get a bitcoin, or that that activity is more significant in our economy than financial services in any other economy are.
These people do both. They "mine", meaning they do the work that uncovers all the new coins. This is not unlike Gold miners, or the Fed printing new money (save that the Fed can and will print as much as suits them). And they "bookkeep", which is partway like what banks do in our economy, and partway like the Secret Service working to make counterfeiting difficult.
So what's the value of a nugget of gold or a $10 bank note? The value is that these are commodities with properties that make them the easiest to barter with. In any economy, money is always nothing more than the most frequently bartered commodity.
**Properties of Gold**
* Gold is scarce: there is only so much to go around, so if you want some you'll be forced to give something up in exchange to get it. Now you have it, and that's proof that you gave up something somebody else must have wanted.
* Gold is pretty difficult to counterfeit, and pretty easy to authenticate. That's why you see old timers in the movies biting on a gold coin. ;3
* Gold is easy to break or split up into smaller pieces to make change, or you can melt down a coin or a bar to reform in whatever shape pleases you.
* One gold nugget is just like another, so it's fungible.
* Seed demand: Gold has a several consumptive uses in electronics and jewelry that help establish a pricing floor.
**USD has all of these properties too**
* Scarcity: There's only so much to go around, but the Fed keeps making this less true every day.
* Counterfeit-resistant: Bank notes are printed using a difficult process that wastes a lot of resources specifically so that somebody else would have to go through just as much trouble in order to make fake bank notes, and then defended by aggressive legislation and investigation. But everybody knows the faces on those notes, everyone knows how to see the strips and the watermarks that make it clear this wasn't just xeroxed.
* Divisible: If you need smaller divisions, just trade them for smaller notes and coins.
* Fungible: One bill is just like any other bill, and the bank will accept it from you even if it's badly worn or has penises drawn on it.
* And there is seed value in that courts will force creditors to honor debt repayment in this currency ("legal tender"), and the US government will only accept taxes for governmental services in this denomination.
**Enter Bitcoin**
* Bitcoin is scarce in a way that beats even gold: there can only ever be 21 million and you'd have to fight a network of hundreds of thousands of people to change that in the protocol.
* They are impossible to counterfeit, given that 4 years running now, perfectly transparent to the smartest cryptographers on earth and zero laws protecting the thing and still nobody can manage to create a fake bitcoin. They are easy to authenticate: Not only can the software do it for you instantly, but even if you don't trust a single authority! Even if you don't trust the nodes you've connected to! It is completely out of their capability to hand you a forged blockchain, because it was "signed" by the sheer volume of effort taken on by the global network of bookkeepers, which cost quadrillions of cycles per block to sign but can be verified on your computer instantly.
* Divisibility: Bitcoin divides down to one hundred million units called "Satoshis" per major Bitcoin unit. Thus, the 21mil Bitcoin ultimate capacity translates to 2.1 x 10^15 satoshis.
* Fungible: Bitcoin software doesn't make any distinction between bitcoin from this address or that address.
* Seed demand: The Bitcoin network allows all of the properties which Hazek discussed. Basically, decentralized digital cash. Using that system has value to hundreds of thousands of people, but you cannot pay the piper to get your transactions notarized in any currency except Bitcoin. This is similar to paying the US government for their services using USD. That helps to establish a minimum price because miners have to pay their electricity and hardware maintenance bills out of that Bitcoin. That represents a guaranteed avenue of continued demand.
**So how do you earn Bitcoin?**
Same way you earn gold or USD. Sell [your possessions]( in exchange for it. Sell [your time]( in exchange for it. [Start a business]( that accepts payment in BTC. Or just [convert other forms of money]( back and forth into Bitcoin.
Bitcoin is money like any other, but unlike any other you could donate to Wikileaks when Paypal and Visa blackballed them. You can pay for Wordpress subscriptions (not to mention anything else for sale in Bitcoins) even from countries where Paypal and other processors simply refuse to operate. Citizens of Argentina and Iran can store wealth or remit it to family in other countries after their governments enacted draconian controls over traditional currency exchange. US citizens can subvert protectionist government controls over victimless activities such as purchasing drugs or gambling. Anyone in the world can purchase network services such as VPN without exposing their identity to anyone, even the VPN provider. And of course the transaction time and fees are lower than virtually any other international payment system.
In short, those who choose to can exercise direct control over their wealth in a digital form, and transact it with any other willing party in the world instantly without being required to identify themselves just to move the money down the line. They gain these advantages hand in hand with the responsibilities of direct control over their wealth. Keep your keys secret and backed up, your PC clean of malware. Chose responsible passwords. Always use escrow when available, and be careful to only send coin to parties you have strong trust will follow through on their promises: because there are no chargebacks. :J
@_date: 2013-02-02 14:44:11
Hey, that all sounds pretty awesome. Being relevant, Is this not a fine venue to plug your website, or is it still under wraps? :B
@_date: 2013-01-08 02:09:07


And I think that fortune favors the bold. :3
Your bank account balance has always been at the mercy of either debit card numbers or bank account and routing numbers printed on checks you've freely handed out to people for decades now. [Phishing]( rakes in billions of dollars annually because some users don't know how to read a URL, and yet you're up in arms about my unencrypted private key flitting through the RAM on my machine for up to a nanosecond.
I am not asking lay users to begin practicing Bitcoin. I am actively seeking new ways for Merchants to accept it, primarily via resellers and payment processors who shoulder all related risks and leave the merchants to their unrelated banking risks, because I want the ecosystem to improve and for current Bitcoin users to have more ways to spend it.
But perfection is the enemy of practicality. There is lots of room to make bitcoin more secure and more accessible to the common user, but that is a path wholly subjunct to the broader challenges of personal information security.
@_date: 2013-06-21 19:54:52
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* No referral links in submissions.
@_date: 2013-08-02 22:31:35
Er.. this is a link to another self post you made just 6 hours ago.
Why are you reposting a link to your earlier post?
@_date: 2013-03-21 13:34:48
The question of what keeps miners mining after the subsidies evaporate gets asked a lot.
* [My answer]( from 7 days ago.
* [My answer]( from 8 days ago.


Nobody goes there anymore. It's too crowded. -- Yogi Berra
@_date: 2013-02-16 01:23:10


It's micro giftcards. They have no cash value and you cannot trade them with other people, as I understand.
@_date: 2013-05-09 21:35:30
On May 7 I emailed them and let them know that I have more disposable income available in Bitcoin than I do in USD. That is simply the currency that I prefer.
I said that, due to my circumstances, if they do support Bitcoin I would pay $90 for this edition of the bundle, split $30 double fine $30 childs play $30 humble. But if they force me to use USD and currency convert and claim capital gains and all, then I would only do the ~$8 average and specify that all for double fine.
I have no illusions that my email carried any real weight with their decision; they had to have been working on this for some time prior to launch. But now that I've read this blog entry, I've immediately plonked down a $100usd purchase via Bitcoin instead.
Also, yes, everyone is getting a split of that $100 except EFF, in case you were keeping score above. EFF *literally* [doesn't want my Bitcoins anyway]( and I would hate to burden them with wealth they do not feel like they understand. :(
@_date: 2013-01-05 19:20:18
Well, every venture has to limit it's audience in one form or another. POS systems for example limit the audience to specific, local vendors who choose to endorse Bitcoin. Thus, you develop a great POS and I'll never see that deployed at the farmers' markets where I live.
Now that's not saying a POS is a bad idea, [Bitpay apparently has one that Cups and Cakes Bakery in San Francisco is using]( Just that I don't see a POS being the next chess piece to allow any large swaths of our community to buy what the groceries et al that they need in the near future.
@_date: 2013-05-11 08:49:48
I'm sorry sugar, this is the third post in 2 days. We can't have the same advertisement posted constantly. 
@_date: 2013-09-01 03:39:20
Then they're being slower about it. Bitcoin, like cash, simply doesn't require the step where they're involved so that stops mattering.
@_date: 2013-03-08 01:50:51
a billion usd here, a billion usd there.
Before you know it, it starts adding up to **real** money. xD
@_date: 2013-05-14 07:18:43
Unfortunately we lack the resources to vet the validity of every would-be merchant who posts. Best we can do is clamp down on obvious frauds, on spam, and to follow up on footwork offered by the community if they can point out posts with significantly convincing proof that it's a scam.
@_date: 2013-08-25 14:47:08
post is three hours old. Has 1 upvote (from author) and 9 downvotes. It was reported, so here I am to mark it as spam.
But in the narrow meantime, in what way is a -8 on your front page?
@_date: 2013-07-09 21:34:57
Also, would [BIPS]( (looks like the team that previously ran Walletbit) be an option? Any positive feedback on them?
@_date: 2013-05-24 01:14:52
[And all my jimmies..](
@_date: 2013-04-22 21:17:19
Link doesn't work, simply goes to abcnews front page. Also, cannot corroborate title through any google search. Removed, but if you can find a more reliable link to said story by all means post it. Sounds interesting. :3
@_date: 2013-03-14 22:56:44
Easy, oh sure. Welcome from us as well, I just can't guarantee it's going to generate a ton of revenue that way is all. :3
So far as compliance, I imagine I'd talk to my lawyers and see how they classify holding virtual commodities or collectibles. Should already be tons of case law covering that, right? 
@_date: 2013-05-14 19:21:12
You should give 4729 a Delta (∆) then, to indicate your view has changed.
(wait.. [which sub is this again](xD)
@_date: 2013-06-09 16:21:16
Hmm, I believe I can clear up at least part of this mystery for you, sir. You appear to be globally shadowbanned on Reddit.
To confirm, please log out momentarily (or try from a browser you are not currently logged into) and view your profile page: . You'll notice that it is a 404.
Shadowbanned users have all of their posts caught in the spam filters by default, so on the low-volume bitspend sub the mods probably aren't watching the filters. [Hanlon's razor](
Shadowban probably also interferes with the ability of others to get your PMs, and it certainly interferes with their ability to send PMs to you (where the "send message" link normally is, your profile page, is drowned in 404 :P)
On the subject of Shadowban, I recommend [PMing the Admins](
I wish you the best of luck working things out with Bitspend, I'm sorry for the bad luck. But I hope this advice helps you sort things out as well as possible on Reddit. :3
@_date: 2013-04-07 23:15:03
It's reasonable to assume only one currency will succeed based on 99.9% of the Bitcoin codebase, yes. Just as there is one major currency per geopolitical entity that backs them, and one internet sprung from a hundred thousand closed bulletin board systems.
Litecoin is a pointless walled garden, like AOL/Compuserve from the 1980s. It will perish in the face of a superior network it cannot offer any meaningful advantages over with deeper roots.
In the meantime it just piggy-backs our benefits and our marketing to threaten fragmentation in an effort to enrich a different pantheon of early adopters who want gains with no risk.
@_date: 2013-06-02 19:45:42
Knowing the rules the ~~mob~~ government operates by is good to help understand probabilistically how they are liable to intervene over time. It's not a guarantee since few people actually watch the watchers, but it's valuable intel nonetheless.
@_date: 2013-05-01 21:08:40


Orly now? All of my https traffic tunnels of ICMP? Im confus.
@_date: 2013-01-04 20:31:17
Moore's law cannot guarantee us more bytes of storage (let alone 32 byte groupings of storage) than the universe has quantum states.
@_date: 2013-06-09 16:43:31


That's a good question, and it sounds testable. How about you PM me and we find out then?
@_date: 2013-03-04 14:11:41
[Poe's law]( makes my brain cry. T\^T
@_date: 2013-02-13 06:38:54
[Gold price Jan - Dec 2012]( As you can see, during that period it's fluctuated both up and down about 16% of it's value.
[Bitcoin price Feb 2012 - Feb 2013](
I'd make these line up better, but on Kitco I only know how to get a year that lines up with Januaries and on Bitcoincharts I only know how to get a year that lines up with today. x3
But we've risen a grand total of 400% during this time, and one drop to the tune of 33%. 
One thing to keep in mind is that precious metals and fiat already have fully saturated mindshare (everyone knows about them) while Bitcoin is presently growing in mindshare.
Additionally, precious metals trading is manipulated by JP Morgan and others by way of unadvertised fractional reserve banking. They circulate certificates claiming customers own volumes of gold they then do not hold in reserve — and these certificates are traded in leui of the actual commodity — effectively inflating the supply of a precious metal in much the same way that governments inflate their fiat currencies. Bitcoin is resistant to this manipulative supply inflation by way of enjoying perfect transactional utility in it's counterfeit-proof form, so nobody ever needs to accept bitcoin IOU's in leui of Bitcoin. So some of our rise is really just against the silent inflation of fiat, sadly even shared by precious metals.
@_date: 2013-07-07 05:26:04
I actually don't see any comments that don't agree at present. I'd rate it's perfectly possible such comments are being suppressed, which is disappointing. But if you're able to reply here with some points you know of I'd read it, or if you could reply with a link to a rebuttal anywhere?
@_date: 2013-03-03 11:53:49
Yifu borrowed some bitcoin from me, recently.
Sez he's gon pay me back in asics. x3
@_date: 2013-03-29 22:59:15


There's the rub, isn't it. If Bitcoin "dissappeared somehow", what would that even mean? Both the blockchain and the source code for all wallet and mining software are open source and everybody has copies of it. Services could dissappear, sage developers or merchants could dissapear and such would be a dark day indeed, but we can *recreate the system* without having to know the bit-order used by the protocol because we have every piece of software at our fingertips.
"Ripple" (in it's current implementation) is, as far as anybody knows, just some service with buzzwords provided by a company who has not open sourced the software. So *literally* nobody knows how it works, and if the company vanished it would be impossible to reconstruct the ecosystem because we don't have the code.
Put simply: Richard Stallman would be livid.
@_date: 2013-02-23 03:22:32


The trouble with this approach is that you can only save the bitcoins as their purchasing power increases indefinitely if you have an indefinite revenue stream to keep paying that electricity. Larger mining operations (or poorer miners with single rigs) have to cash into that hoard of bitcoins just to pay for the next hoard to be mined.
This is the same reason that hoarding in general can only have a limited impact on the currency. As great as it is to be long on Bitcoin, you can't valuate coin you have today based on what you think it will be worth in 2020 unless you have the *capacity* to save that up and not have to touch it until 2020.
@_date: 2013-01-29 23:01:26
This explanation is highly bad-ass. Is this editable at all?
I'd copy edit one or two needlessly redundant passages, and I think it's worth reshaping the description of mining to make it sound less like there's free money to be had and more like there's an onerous sacrifice to be made for which you are lightly compensated. :J
+tip 0.166666btc
@_date: 2013-01-29 02:53:01
See if one of the early pre-order people is getting antsy and you can trade that like a commodity, and then short it. :B
@_date: 2013-07-22 06:05:16
[Coinbase]( in the US. 
If you're focusing specifically on Dwolla, I don't have much experience with it myself but [I've read that they do chargebacks]( so there may be some risk of buyer's fraud. Especially if the buyer tells Dwolla their account was hacked.
That's basically the reason that nobody works with Paypal to buy/sell bitcoin without first establishing a trust relationship.
Have you checked with [ on Freenet]( I see at least 5 dwolla sellers there, on the order book.
Looking over the LBC online listings to sell bitcoins with the best rates (often only a few dollars from market), all those sellers really, really seem to like [OKPay]( Have you thought about checking on them in place of Dwolla?
@_date: 2013-03-21 00:49:05
What did we achieve parity with, this time? :J
Is that a gold bullion coin on the left (if so how heavy), or does it represent some fiat's 1981 value, or .. wat am I looking at? ;3
@_date: 2013-07-12 08:46:59
Another point of fact is: This simplifies the process for [Localbitcoins]( cash traders, which in turn compete directly against BitInstant. :&gt;
@_date: 2013-08-16 22:22:53
Then you secretly print the money so that nobody realizes the currency has supply inflated by a quarter trillion dollars until after you've bought the gold.
@_date: 2013-02-16 00:39:43
About 75% as much as a 6990, so 2 BTC and some change per month. Keep in mind we expect that difficulty increase in a 1-2 month time frame, so spending $100 in electricity to spin up your GPU to 100% 24/7 for 6 weeks to score $80 worth of Bitcoin before that revenue stream runs dry may not make a lot of sense. Buying $100 of BTC directly via [Coinbase]( or [Bitme]( will get that to you much more quickly and cost effectively without all the extra fan noise. 
This, including the pricing and specs on the ASICS are all on the [Mining Hardware Comparison]( page on the wiki.
The current challenge on the ASIC front is not nearly the price so much as the availability. The tech is bleeding edge so the first companies to offer these rigs are fighting to get the parts back from China and be first to market. Whoever fires up their ASIC rig 2 or more months after the first commercial batches begin processing will be working against a higher difficulty, and may possibly never make enough profit out of mining to recoup the costs of their shiny new hardware. :J  Also 2 companies have been taking pre-orders and pushing back their shipping date for months, so people wonder if they are really scams or not.
It's an industry full of drama and peril at the moment. My goal in life is to disabuse newbies of any misapprehension that there is any way they can simply print their own free money. ;3
@_date: 2013-04-23 21:41:48
R34 incoming &gt;.&gt;
@_date: 2013-04-24 01:52:19
You've got to account for the [slight]( increase in difficulty, trying to mine keys directly, though.
@_date: 2013-08-14 21:47:36
Credit card is an example of "Soft money". Bitcoin is an example of "Hard money", on par with cash or precious metals. It is hard to obtain Hard Money by offering Soft Money, because the latter is easy to use to commit chareback fraud.
If you buy bitcoins from a business using Credit Card, you then have the Bitcoins. You can then tell your credit card company that your card was stolen and that purchase was un-authorized. Credit Card company yanks the money back out of the Merchant's bank account. Now you have the USD *and* you have the bitcoin, Merchant loses out.
This is called "Buyer fraud". It happens all the time and even people who sell physical goods have to write off some percent of their revenue to this avenue of theft because standard payment systems simply don't care and love leaving the merchant holding the bag, which translates to higher costs for everyone. Buyer fraud is one of the problems Bitcoin is designed to solve: with Bitcoin, involuntary chargebacks are impossible. It is on par in this respect with Cash.
Some businesses have perfected the art of nearly eliminating the *risk* of chargeback fraud through various means. One of these is [VirWoX]( but the complication there is the added step of trading USD -&gt; Secondlife Lindens -&gt; BTC on their market, and the fees are steep (something like 12%).
The easiest method for US residents is [Coinbase]( It's not credit card, but bank ACH. The ACH can take up to 6 days but it is cheap (1%) and easy to do, so give that a try?
@_date: 2013-02-28 09:08:54
1200btc @ $32.5 = $39,000usd. :B
@_date: 2013-02-21 05:37:31
I can show you how to get USD back out again, to test the plumbing for only half that many fees! :D
@_date: 2013-07-02 21:43:28
Blogspam, original article: 
@_date: 2013-05-29 19:40:27
This information is outdated. [Here's a sum-up of the result of class action lawsuits against the major credit card companies]( which now allow many merchants to offer cash discounts.
@_date: 2013-02-27 19:25:48
Well if you're only concern is a contract, then your invoice is a contract. Make sure you have an invoice from your vendor, stating the bitcoin address to pay to, before remitting payment. Then the Blockchain is your receipt or payment.
This is identical to cash, and not identical to kids play money where adult banks are the only ones who ever really control the wealth, and thus they can reallocate from one child to another after a dispute.
At the end of the day you have to ask "Will I get more burned cumulatively over time by vendors whom I carefully choose, or by a banking cartel I have no say in"?
@_date: 2013-01-29 03:01:17
hmm, I think you have to accept the tip first. Tips not accepted after X days just fail back to the tipper. :3
@_date: 2013-04-18 22:27:09
I recommend  but also  on freenet for emergencies.
Take the time to get yourself registered in WoT, learn how to use WoT, and then you'll be in a position where the exchange basically can't go down any more. Instead it's just about identifying the individuals worthy of trust handling your larger transactions (a good way to do that is to build trust through processing smaller transactions first).
@_date: 2013-04-19 02:59:14
Only if the buyer is using Credit Cards instead of Debit Cards. Since 2009 that landscape has changed drastically.
Also only if the bank offered the buyer an unsecured line of credit. If you've a lien against your house or your car, then bank is perfectly happy to exchange paper liability for real, salable asset and evict your sorry ass.
Keynesian monetary policy is built around banks directly profiting from the bankruptcy of their clients. They only felt pain in the 2009 credit crunch because they dun goofed and put out too much credit with too little cumulative security.
firepacket's point was the bank never takes the hit for buyer fraud. Bitcoin ends buyer fraud through the simple expedient of being a hard currency, and seller fraud has always been simple to mitigate via escrow or via seller reputation.
Just because many people prefer to be babied and never control their finances in any direct fashion, instead yielding 100% of their liquid assets to financial baysitters who promise to keep said assets secure and take the toy away from the misbehaving party in cases of dispute does not mean that that centralization is ultimately the best financial model.
Some people prefer direct control over their liquid assets, and Bitcoin is the only game in town for direct control over an asset you can also transmit across the globe or authenticate with zero trust in any administrative third parties.
@_date: 2013-07-08 22:14:55
I thought there was some kind of altcoin tipbot floating around based on the bitcointip bot source code.
@_date: 2013-03-21 00:34:21
I did a quick google search and found there's not a lot of data, but we actually had the most noticeable unintended hard fork in our history [last week]( 8I
The basic breakdown is, during a hard fork some miners start honoring one description of history while other miners start honoring another. Your bitcoin balance exists on both sides of the fork, and when you try to spend them your bitcoin application forms a request following the rules of the protocol you obey. That transaction gets sent to your peers, who pass it along. Peers who do not obey your rules may drop your transaction and not pass it along. As long as you are well connected to a lot of peers who share your rules, your transaction will join the mempool of virtually all nodes who share your rules.
The person you are trying to send money too will only see your transaction in the mempool (0-conf) if *they* share your rules. If not, they'll say you never sent the money.
Miners follow rules, and during a hard fork they wind up generating two or more competing chains of blocks. Some transactions may follow everyone's rules, and be kept in both mempools and recorded in both chains. Those that don't will only get recorded in the blockchain that agrees with their rules.
On Mar 11 what we saw was a bug in 0.7.0 mining software triggered by miners on 0.8.0 mining software creating one block big enough to trigger the bug. No 0.7.0 node could create such a block, because it would likely just crash instead if directed to do so (changing the defaults to allow big blocks to even be tried) so all 0.7.0 nodes rejected the block, and all blocks following it created by the 0.8.0 nodes, who were a narrow majority at the time.
Since 0.8.0 nodes were the most flexible, the Luke Jr of the devs talked everyone into the plan of causing many of the 0.8.0 miners to *downgrade* temporarily to 0.7.0, so that that version of the chain would be the one to survive: because once it got longer, all 0.8.0 nodes would retroactively honor it, while it would be impossible for the 0.7.0 nodes to handle the 0.8.0 chain.
The rally was a success, and several hours and 24 blocks later the 0.7.0 chain came out longer, which in turn automatically made all the 0.8.0 miners abandon their chain and adopt the 0.7.0 chain instead.
0.8.1 has been released, and all miners and users urged to upgrade to that. With that, we will honor rules that prevent 0.7.0 from getting offended until May 15, and on May 15 we will purposely transition to a new ruleset that leaves 0.7.0 and it's bug behind.
@_date: 2013-07-11 21:35:13
I wish others would reply to your honest disagreement instead of just burying it in downvotes. ;)
Have an upboat.
@_date: 2013-08-29 09:05:00
The developers of the Bitcoin-qt reference client do highly recommend the use of Tor, the client is designed to be easy to funnel over a socks proxy, but it does not offer any traffic encryption capabilities on it's own.
ISP's would pretty easily be able to see you downloading blocks from other nodes, would be able to see you rebroadcast blocks to neighboring nodes who ask for it, and would be able to see you receive transactions from neighbors and rebroadcast those.
The transactions that you originate will look indistinguishable from ones you rebroadcast, but an ISP using deep packet inspection who is specifically on the lookout for all inbound packets will find that transactions you originate were not originally sent to you. At least not over their link, or at least not in cleartext outside of a VPN (they may be hard pressed to prove that at least *some* of your traffic was not routed beyond their sight...)
If they are able to reliably see your outbound spend transactions, then they could easily learn your addresses associated with those and they could pair those with your billing data to pin some of your spend activity to a name.
Running Tor would put you beyond the reach of any single ISP. ISP could see your pulses of Tor traffic, but have no capacity to DPI that traffic. Comprimised Tor exit nodes could DPI your traffic, but acting on their own would not know what IP it came from or have your billing data. Larger threats like the NSA may both poison the exit nodes and may have some luck running timing attacks to trace your tor circuit back to it's source. Then they would need to either subpeona (or for larger ISP's, prism) your billing data from the ISP.
So while Tor is not perfect, it obviously takes a lot more work to unmask you.
Add to this that the proof of work and full-ledger-verification steps performed by Bitcoin-qt protect you utterly from all data manipulation threats originating beyond your home. Keep your secret keys secret and your PC safe from malware compromise and it's beyond even the NSA (short of breaking ECDSA completely) to spend the money in your wallet, it's beyond your ISP even with access to your cleartext traffic to trick your client into accepting a false blockchain or showing false balances on your accounts, etc. All by itself, I feel like that's a hell of a leg up. :P
@_date: 2013-03-11 03:12:48
I call shenanigans.
I had to pull out my reading glasses, but could find neither "OP" nor "faggot" anywhere. 8I
@_date: 2013-02-21 05:29:03
A corollary of this is, if all the commerce chooses chain A while 99% of miners stubbornly stick to chain B.. then the miners will be in a tough position to spend their mirror-universe coins and the 1% on A will serve all of their needs until the others wise up. :9
@_date: 2013-01-26 07:42:42
Not a lot of overlap between Facebook users and Bitcoin users. :J
@_date: 2013-03-23 22:02:21
Precious metals value are not manipulated by whales, but by trading fractional reserve certificates in leui of the metals since you can't physically trade metal in the same volume as you can certificates. Thus the certificates can inflate the perceived money supply by several orders of magnitude.
Bitcoin fails to have that problem. Our price can be pushed around by whales, but it's piquantly expensive to the whales to do so. That's not saying that they are not, just that I feel sorry for them if they are.
@_date: 2013-11-14 22:07:04
Well, as of today even new customers not yet through the 30 day wait period can get up to 1 BTC instant buy. :3
@_date: 2013-05-24 03:29:48
Yep, it's a security issue.
Some wallet software including the popular blockchain.info/wallet does send back to the main address by default. Many wallet softwares even allow you to micromanage where the change goes and which input addresses you can use, BCI has that feature as well.
But the Bitcoin-QT reference client default is to make a brand new address for every change drop, and that is a security feature.
1. Anonymity. The more transactions you reuse an address in, the greater likelihood that you'll do transactions leaking your personal info. That done, your personal info is tied to every transaction that address has been involved with.
2. Attack resistance. The address is not really even the public key in a private/public keypair, it's only a *hash* of the public key! When you first spend from an address, you have to reveal the public key with your signature to prove you hold the private key. Knowing the public key increases the attack surface for those who may try to crack your wallet. With today's technology that means little, but with quantum computers or with any partial compromise to ECDSA, it means addresses which have never spent keep an extra layer of protection hidden behind the RIPMD-160 hash, which is thought to be quantum proof and definitely represents distinct failure profile compared to ECDSA.
3. Censorship resistance. Luke-Jr offered a patch on Bitcointalk for miners to boycott satoshidice transactions. I audited the source and asked him to confirm that this is simply rejecting all transactions based on their address fitting a pattern that all SD vanity addresses fit. He confirmed, and justified by saying basically "by relying on address re-use to abuse the blockchain, they welcome censorship".
@_date: 2013-03-20 19:12:02
MtGox chooses to make it difficult to set up an account with them. On the USD side, this is because the government requires all sorts of crap from them so far as regulation. On the Bitcoin side, they do this because they can get away with it, basically. (eg, they offer you a deposit bitcoin address BEFORE they force you to identify yourself, and then hold deposited funds hostage pending over-invasive identification..)
None of this is inherent to the bitcoin protocol. Any two people can trade bitcoin at their own discretion.
When you run your own bitcoin wallet, especially via Bitcoin-QT, then you are the ultimate master over you own balance. You keep certain information secret (your private key) and short of learning that secret, no force known to man can steal your bitcoins.
When you host a wallet through another entity, be that MtGox or Reddit Bitcointip bot, or any other hosted wallet you have to trust the host to some degree to A&gt; always respect your wishes regarding that balance and to B&gt; keep your balance secure from hackers, keep the related secret keys safe, etc.
So it's wise not to store a ton of Bitcoin in the tip bot, but funds stored there can very conveniently be shared with other members of Reddit as well as spent directly to any bitcoin address whatever. :3
@_date: 2013-05-31 00:42:29
I'm sorry, I found you both in the spam filter but had to allow [the other submission]( over this one since it was posted by directly. :3
@_date: 2013-01-06 21:54:16
Have you had a look at [Peapod]( I'm curious how decent they are, and cannot experiment with them myself as they don't yet serve my area. In another thread we were discussing pitching them on Bitcoin. :3
@_date: 2013-02-16 11:05:04
Well, plausible deniability is one thing stopping them. If you follow the TrueCrypt operating model, you can have a fake wallet or passphrase ready to yield with only a pittance available, and they've no way to be sure you don't somehow have more. Add to this, it can be challenging to check balances and confirm online passphrases work in the middle of a mugging. :P
@_date: 2013-03-18 15:00:11
Perhaps these are double sided DVDs? Those get to 9GB.
@_date: 2013-02-26 08:33:32
Well, it's the only concern which I know of that legitimately supports the continued central regulation of maximum block size at all. Without that concern, we should just do away with the maximum and stop assuming that the unfettered free market will produce an oligopoly.
@_date: 2013-05-06 21:07:03
Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-02-26 20:54:05
OTOH, how do you feel about EFF affiliates such as the Humble Bundle or Wikipedia? Will you hold a grudge against them, too? ;3
@_date: 2013-04-18 20:10:38
No, I think he says that because the one time somebody (who's on your side and playing devil's advocate, it happens) tried enumerating the points you ask for you reply with [spluttering vitriol](
We get [a lot of litecoin posts]( around these parts that start out trying to sound reasonable and balanced, but devolve into full on trolling and namecalling in the comments because the poster wants nothing more than to turn our community into a billboard to try and prop up their copycat currency.
You can make the argument that the world needs both PCs and Macintoshes, but you can't have that argument in either or The ground is not neutral.
@_date: 2013-07-26 20:05:09
Yeah, scammer does not have to be another redditor. That was merely an example illustration, eg: "even though you're talking about someone else on reddit, it's still not okay". The one illustrative example they gave where it would be okay was if target was a celebrity whence said personal information is already public knowledge. Scammer is not a celebrity. :P
The practice of publishing private individuals' personal information online is called "doxing", and it can lead to arbitrary vigilante action against individuals without due process. This can be most harmful when the personal data is inaccurate, and some random joe gets harrassed because some unrelated person got into hot water online.
@_date: 2013-03-14 18:32:33
*snort*, [the Internet doesn't *weigh* anything]( silly! xD
@_date: 2013-08-06 00:00:43
Yeah, I'm pretty sure that even if you transfer the balance a chargeback will wipe it out. It's still handled by the same parent company.
@_date: 2013-01-06 22:11:13
But you don't have to wait for 2140 for the rewards to halve to the point where, depending on exchange rate, the miners wouldn't make enough to run blocks full of zero-fee transactions and simultaneously keep the network powerful enough to resist attack.
@_date: 2013-04-09 19:54:36
Not removed for being against rules, just for malfunctional link. You cannot link to photobucket reliably from reddit, new viewers get a high percentage incidence of redirect loop. :J
@_date: 2013-01-04 21:41:23
I've seen the manual review take from 24-48 hours. I've never seen that clear faster than 24 or slower than 48, and it's a train I've been caught behind about 6 times out of the 24 I've withdrawn BTC from VirWoX.
Some have said this is to mitigate fraud potential from new accounts, others have said it's to dig funds out of cold storage when the hot wallet gets low. *shrugs*
All I know is it's faster than my paypal-&gt;bank account 3 day ACH delay or my coinbase-&gt;back account 7 day ACH delay. xD
@_date: 2013-03-21 13:48:21
Step 1&gt; invest $X you can afford to lose into Bitcoin.
Step 2&gt; Wait no longer than a prescribed amount of time (a month, maybe?) try to find a high point in the final 10% of your time period.
Step 3&gt; Sell exactly $X of Bitcoins, and keep the rest.
Step 4&gt; Play with house money and quit whining. ;3
@_date: 2013-08-25 15:18:12


Coinbase. 1% fee. These dispensories are facing much higher than a 1% fee by being forced to be unbanked, and by being stripped of their tools to secure cash.
They offer, let's say 5% discount to users who buy in bitcoins. Users who choose to reap that discount can convert their banked funds into BTC via coinbase, make purchase. Less cash to secure at dispensary.


This can be a pain in the ass when you're not accustomed to it, and it can be super simple when you are. But needless to say: *everything is a pain in the ass when you are unbanked*.
Some dispensary users are unbanked. They could choose to cash in on my above, hypothetical 5% discount by getting BTC for cash at local traders, then buying legal marijuana using BTC. Even less cash remains to secure at dispensary.
Whoever is left that does not want to or does not know how to partake of 5% discount approaches dispensary with cash and pays full price. Now dispensary has cash on hand, cannot bank and cannot transport via armored car. Dispensary advertises on [Localbitcoins](  etc that they will buy bitcoins from anyone who wants to sell.. and at these volumes they can support entire industries of BTC sellers who will come to the dispensary to pick up the cash and leave motile BTC behind. Dispensary may pay up to 5% in logistics to support all of this conversion; justifying the discount I mention above. Now there is no more significant quantity of cash left at dispensary to either secure or to transport.
This shifts the "how do you transport cash" problem from single dispensaries with armored car quantities and single destinations to multiple bitcoin traders. Many among them serving customers before they even reach the dispensaries and many more visiting the dispensaries on their own timetables.
The larger out of them are free to use armored cars because the DEA is not cracking down on armored car use for Bitcoin exchangers. :P
@_date: 2013-03-20 23:09:23
1. [Escrow]( Most Bitcoin markets, such as Silk Road and [Bitmit]( already provide escrow to mediate between buyer and seller. The Bitcoin protocol itself even supports 2-of-3 multisignature escrow natively, though none of the clients offer a gui for it yet. :3
2. Bitcoin is digital cash. Governments have run for thousands of years on cash-based economies, it's time they got used to doing that again.
@_date: 2013-02-19 06:34:24
But that speculation powers the bookkeeping network, which secures the transaction network, which leads to the counterfeit-proof properties of Bitcoin that no alt-chain can match. :3
@_date: 2013-01-03 01:51:51
One of the reasons [bitcoinstore]( doesn't accept other payment methods *outside* of Bitcoin, even at higher prices, is because there's tons of legal and regulatory headaches where you might get sued trying to offer "cash discounts". :/
@_date: 2013-07-29 11:44:36
Maybe they're just upset that we've been using their symbol for the Thai bhat. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-16 21:43:27
I've used Tangible / FC4B before to cash out to paypal. It was quick and pretty painless, but the operator is admittedly a bit bureaucratic in making you dot i's and cross t's. :3  Once you've got an account set up however, it's very straightforward.
While entering your amount, mind the info panel on the right side with "minimum" and "maximum" amount. If site does not have a paypal balance available to pay out with at the current time (which does happen), the "maximum" will be zero. Your error message sounds like you've run into something like that.
(logs in to check) Yep, Paypal balance is empty at present.
@_date: 2013-02-24 13:48:50
/me scratches his head. I agree with your assessment of monopolies, but I don't catch how this is relevant to hoarding Bitcoin?
One of the points of Bitcoin compared to traditional fiat or financial systems is that the barriers to entry are low and are basically kept low due to the decentralized nature of both the payment system itself and the fundamental bitcoin earning opportunity of Mining. Sure mining has become a bit of an economy of scale, but it's done so naturally and with no intervention of market distorting violence.
@_date: 2013-04-16 00:05:30
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
@_date: 2013-04-19 01:05:16
Okay, well that wasn't in the quote digitalh3rmit shared. I didn't know his link had more import than he was sharing, sorry. :B
@_date: 2013-04-07 21:44:09
Well, there aren't presently any "required transfer fees". There are just specific clients that won't allow you to send certain kinds of transactions without certain minimum fees per kb by default.
Issue a zero fee transaction, and normally you just have to wait up to a few hours for a miner friendly enough to notarize it to hash a block. :3
@_date: 2013-03-07 09:05:46
Yes, sometimes people do step away from the ticker for 6 hours at a time. Sometimes we even sleep for 8+ hours! xD
@_date: 2013-02-22 06:21:27
I think this sounds like the clearest and best answer so far. I could see a smart 5 year old grokking this bidness. :D
+tip 25 mbtc
@_date: 2013-02-23 02:35:14
I think the raising mining difficulty coupled with recently halved rewards is causing some long-time miners' expense flows to cycle through their older coins.
@_date: 2013-11-23 06:41:46
But that's not 100% relevant. While the Bitcoin private keys are just data and do need to be kept secret, legitimate authorized access with the maximum convenience acceptable at your security level is always going to be a trick. A Bitcoin private key operates in a certain way which sets it apart from most other forms of data one would wish to secure.
F/E, you gain a lot of advantage keeping private keys in a cold wallet, airgapped computing vessel you wouldn't gain from most other forms of data because this data's capacity to algorithmically transform other data is it's primary power.
But, at the end of the day we just need Trezor to launch, thank you very much. :(
@_date: 2013-06-03 21:36:22
Please observe our community rules from the sidebar:
* Do not use URL shortening services: always submit the real link.
In this case real link appears to be: 
Could you just post that one, mayhaps? :J
@_date: 2013-06-08 16:24:46
Bit of a PSA during extraordinary times our audience is liable to universally appreciate, so speaking as the resident soup nazi I'm not even interested in taking it down. ;3
@_date: 2013-04-09 00:44:56
But none of us understand your logic.
Purchasing power is defined by purchasing. Most people who are long on bitcoin are perfectly aware of this.
Personally, I hold bitcoin, and I spend it, but it grows faster than I happen to spend so my balance measured in fiat never gets lower. Why would I choose to starve to death when I can spend my magic money and eat on the cheap, and still have more than when I started?
And every time I spend it like that, I am financing other Bitcoin ventures and enriching my fellow man. This strengthens the economy and exercises the commodity's use as a currency, and it adjusts what would be capitol gains tax into less capricious categories.
Finally, I no longer buy Bitcoin via USD for my own purposes. Instead I do freelance programming and consulting as a side job and earn Bitcoin from people who need that done. 
Could some market crash occur, altering the purchasing power of the bitcoins I currently have? Sure, why not. The things Bitcoin have bought me thus far won't depreciate when that happens, and the number of Bitcoins I can earn working will spike up, so I'll gain market share much more quickly too.
Things that bother day traders never bother me, I feel happy and fine. :3
@_date: 2013-06-06 20:07:54
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:
* Do not use URL shortening services: always submit the real link.
This applies to blogspam as well. You do not host the entire article content at your domain, you force readers to click through to the real source. In that circumstance we do require you to post the real source.
@_date: 2013-01-20 10:29:52
The best way I can recommend protecting yourself and customers is to use Bitmit Escrow (or any similar service) elsewise you could give item and never get paid, or buyer could pay you bitcoin without guarantee they'd see their item. :J
"protection" so far as Valve/Steam seeing you buying and selling outside of the game environment? I can't help there. I know it is against their ToS but I've done this for items and games myself to the tune of $600-$700 worth of merch and seen others do a dozen times this much but never heard of anybody actually getting in trouble over it. My *expectation* is that Valve isn't about to care until/unless it leads to a support headache for them. :3
All that said, how much you want for:
* Rainblower (you appear to have many to spare xD)
* The Disciplinary Action
* The Black Box
* Detonator
* Bootlegger
* Back Scratcher
* Manmelter
* Homewrecker
* Brass Beast
* Crusader's Crossbow
* The Huntsman
* Spy-cicle
* The Shortstop
* Scorch Shot
* Pyrovision Goggles (yeah, seriously, I don't even know why I don't have these? Acheivements got already and all. T\^T)
* Dead Ringer
@_date: 2013-01-18 23:06:11
Alright, comments are all positive. I've no experience with this particular VPN provider, so I can't easily tell if they are exemplary or ordinary or scandalous. But I am at a loss why this link is being downvoted so heavily?
If there's something wrong about the link being here, I'm sure comments from people saying why would be more helpful than silent censorship. :P
@_date: 2013-02-01 11:02:35
Adoption is adoption, and Islam society has a lot of potential motivation to invest in and to forward Bitcoin (easy remittance, defeats sanctions, cannot be manipulated by the West, etc). Sharia law just happens to share a ton of foundational economic principals with Bitcoin's operating principals. I detest virtually all things about Sharia law, this just happens to be the one tiny corner I am aware of which I can personally offer a thumbs-up to. :P
@_date: 2013-01-09 20:25:34
One can make a business argument for discounting Bitcoin, or even cash by greater amounts than you pay CC processors in fees.
For example, all the fees in the world do NOT [protect the merchant against buyer chargeback fraud](
@_date: 2013-01-18 00:49:10
+tip 1F4Ka3nHH3Ef1P2f66AwLEqwHo6J9wFHKC 0.3btc
Up to 116.53btc now. :3
@_date: 2013-07-28 12:16:52
[Here's the details]( AFAICT, it's due to message size limitations. Just not enough room to define 4 authoritative signatures.
@_date: 2013-01-18 00:01:36
I've never heard of a "magic cap" on rising precious metals cost, before. To what could that refer? Do you know any links which discuss it?
@_date: 2013-03-03 04:02:04
Well if you've put it in escrow, you take the cash *before* you release the bitcoins, silly. That's what the escrow is for. x3
@_date: 2013-06-13 22:09:04
My question:
How does a time traveler from the future have any unique ability to "alter the transactions" of some mined bitcoins? Why don't you just go alter those transactions right now, and mess up the future (somehow) as a result?
Second question: Even if somebody from the future could, lets say, come back in time and just offer a private island to miner X who mined a bitcoin that eventually got used in some important future event, BITCOINS ARE FUNGIBLE. There is nothing unique about *that* bitcoin which would prevent said future event from happening. They would just wind up using a different bitcoin that had a different, equally irrelevant pedigree.
You might as well say that Ghandi would die of thirst if you saw him drink a glass of water, went back in time and scooped that specific glass of water molecules out of the river before it got pumped to his faucet. 
He would just wind up with a different glass of water and never realize an influence.
@_date: 2013-03-21 00:46:00
According to the [Wikipedia article on Black Swan Theory](


So yes. 
@_date: 2013-01-27 00:00:49
aluminum's not dangerous, is it? Do you mean tin, lead, or asbestos? :3
@_date: 2013-03-03 23:03:26
I agree with this perspective, and am thus moved to illustrate it. :B
+tip 25mbtc
@_date: 2013-09-17 00:24:45
Read this as "BitPay Suspends 10,000 Merchants" at first. Had to double take. ;3
@_date: 2013-09-27 22:13:41
Hai Daemorz. Thanks for stopping by. :D


I recently spoke with on the subject, and reported that hitrate was about the same as ours:


I've also discussed setting rules based on karma thresholds (haven't discussed "days old" yet) with our other mods and is against it. Citing that it prevents breaking news being posted by people who weren't previously members of reddit, and that bots would just perfect circle-voting themselves in their own subs to whatever karma threshold is needed.
That said, today something like 99+% of the spam that we see is through a shortner, and we already ban shortners on sight. If Automod could de-obfuscate shortened links and then judge the result (with a time to live of perhaps 2 unique domain names to resist loops) I'm sure that would be a poopular feature. :)
@_date: 2013-06-26 23:55:58
Buy Expensive item in Bitcoin. Sell it in fiat. Give the government the fiat.
PS: this is why the idea of outlawing exchange of bitcoin for fiat without first outlawing the exchange of bitcoin for merchandise or simply trying to outlaw bitcoin altogether makes no sense to me.
@_date: 2013-02-05 02:28:44
Yeah, the escrow standard is only to hold the cash since that's the most liquid and easily dealt with side of the trade, and award the cash to whoever doesn't get or doesn't mismanage the product. :3
@_date: 2013-03-12 01:47:32
The blocks get orphaned, but any transactions which got included simply get re-included in the 0.7 blocks.
@_date: 2013-05-16 17:47:00
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:


I might recommend though. Good luck. :3
@_date: 2013-01-21 23:50:25


Not in a legal sense, but in a practical sense. If you minimize how much asset you expose to the site (so that if the site is frozen you lose bare minimum, if anything) and do all your transactions to the site in Bitcoin using responsible privacy enhancing methods (always fresh addresses, tumble coins before use, connect via tor, etc) then the US gubmint isn't in a position to really track who you are, can't freeze your bitcoins nor can they find your house (in case they were desperate enough to try to hunt simple players).
Sounds like a neat arrangement to me? (I just don't gamble as a matter of recreational taste, so .. lol :D)
EDIT: Even better idea: site could manage player funds in addresses of a wallet that they keep constantly backed up to a deathswitch service that publishes the encrypted private keys (individual private key backups encrypted by, say, your site password) in some convenient way for players to retrieve their otherwise locked funds in the event that the service gets interrupted, or raided, or anything that prevents them from updating the deathswitch regularly. :3
@_date: 2013-01-22 01:55:36
Due to contextual ambiguity, I'd like to clarify to everyone that noagendamarket probably means the Australian Securities and Investments Commission, and not an Application-specific integrated circuit. :B
@_date: 2013-03-02 00:57:32
The demand isn't growing significantly faster than it was last year when prices remained stable for months at a time.
But it isn't growing any SLOWER either, and supply IS growing slower since the blockchain reward halving.
The halving reward turned a natural flat price into a natural appreciating price. That's all. :3
@_date: 2013-03-27 05:11:53


@_date: 2013-01-08 07:11:55
I saw [this link] filter through my reddit feed earlier today. That in turn has links to a bunch of hardware wallets, but I don't know which if any of those have launched yet. :3
@_date: 2013-03-10 22:56:38


Well if I can do better than that by waiting a week and spending 75% less for the same thing with Bitcoins that have raised in value (which is why we're all assuming the hoarders won't spend) then Roger can do better by offering 25% less now and holding the coin long for the same period of time before cashing it back out with capital gains to pay the supplier (or paying the supplier today and realizing the returns on the income later).
There is no other way I can recommend for anyone to undercut big box stores who are simply fronts for the same suppliers you are. But at least it's possible given sufficient faith to be long on Bitcoin. Short of a monumental leap of faith like that, you'll never see $800k of volume in weeks, that's all I'm saying.
@_date: 2013-05-28 17:39:27
@_date: 2013-07-21 22:11:53
Yep, reddit doesn't offer an ability to alter submission titles or URLs. Best option is to resubmit with a url either to the main site, or to a generic landing page. Nothing that looks like a third party referral program.
@_date: 2013-09-20 09:30:53
Here is a perspective that should help you.
If your mining rig, whether big or small, is more efficient (Gh/j) than any other mining rig technology out there, then given flat electricity investment you can never be forced into negative profitability by other people. At least not until even more efficient tech hits the scene and squeezes you back out again.. but ASIC mining tech is quickly reaching the most energy efficient possible arrangement given today's technology, so if you get an advanced rig today it will take years for more advanced fabrication to be *able* to squeeze you out.
@_date: 2013-03-10 11:22:34
He's just saying it's an "if the crazies are right" scenario. And if Bitcoin is susceptible to DS, or generating a blackhole or enraging bigfoot or whatever, then Litecoin is bound to do the same thing by virtue of sharing all the same salient properties as it's parent. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-27 05:09:10
/me gets all offended that you haven't posted the motherboard.vice.com link as a link directly to so that you can reap in all the sweet link karmas and such. :P
@_date: 2013-02-10 10:45:52
If you have a virus, then it can and may update itself and the new version can and may send anything that looks like a bitcoin wallet to the mothership. If unencrypted, then that bitcoin wallet is instantly emptied.
If encrypted, then any keyloggers present would snarf your password and the mothership would instantly decrypt and subsequentally empty your wallet file.
In addition to this, any website or email service you access from this computer would have it's passwords and credentials exposed so that attackers can perpetrate identity fraud against you: log into your bank website to empty your account there, hijack your email for long enough to reset your password on any site they can see that you have an account on (even if they never catch you logging in to snarf your password directly), abuse your personal information (ssn, mother's maiden name, pictures, etc) to take out lines of credit in your name. The list goes on and on.
Infected computer is the enemy of anything you want to keep secret. This is doubly true of Bitcoin, since you are keeping perfectly anonymous digital cash secret on this computer and that's the single easiest asset to theive in the history of creation from any vantage point on planet Earth once an attacker has direct access to your private keys.
**tl;dr** No. Not safe for Bitcoin / Life. :S
@_date: 2013-02-07 02:00:47
I've no way to gauge how serious or how applicable this project is. For example, is this a replacement for bitcoind, or else what features can it offer that bitcoind's JSON interface doesn't already provide?
But here are at least a pittance, aye? :3
+tip 1D5A1q5d192j5gYuWiP3CSE5fcaaZxe6E9 0.1 btc
@_date: 2013-01-18 22:04:54


Good summary, but I'm not sure what this point is about? IIRC bitcoin nodes don't exactly use durable public keys in communications with one another, least of all the public keys related to bitcoin addresses. Am I misunderstanding?
Thanks. :3
@_date: 2013-04-10 00:18:32
@_date: 2013-04-30 06:33:09
Please refer to our community rules in the sidebar:
* No compilations of free Bitcoin sites.
@_date: 2013-03-11 16:45:07
How can I tell if it's trippled in the last few days or not without a chart. Does anybody have [charts]( for Litecoin? 
@_date: 2013-03-01 21:16:37
Post it to SRS then. They Looooove Bitcoin. xD
@_date: 2013-02-18 06:42:23
AFAIK this happens whenever their hotwallet is empty, and they have no BTC to sell directly to you.
@_date: 2013-09-27 21:48:10
According to article, grocer did take them seriously:


IRS seriously said "Nothing to see here, this operation looks clean". Then *after* that they seized grocer's assets.
Aside from all of this, what would *you* recommend grocer do in this situation? Accumulate more than $10k in cash for each deposit, get robbed, insurance will give you the middle finger. Deposit amounts smaller than that so that insurance will keep doing business with you, and *the US federal government* will personally drink your milkshake.
If there's some third option you recommend short of "buy gold/bitcoins", then we're all ears. :P
@_date: 2013-08-23 11:03:09
Sex is not a commodity. One could argue that sexual favors could be traded as a service, but one cannot receive some quantity of sex and then put that in a storehouse to later sell back off.
EDIT: Alright, yes I get it there is a black market for human trafficking. Still, not as popular as greenbacks. ;P
@_date: 2013-03-02 00:27:18
That is some invaluable intel, thanks brah! :D
+tip 50mbtc
It will just take me some time before I've got a chance to verify how that all works. If successful, I plan to post back here and encourage others to give it a try too. It's plumbing you don't hear an awful lot about but 1&gt; CC payment, 2&gt; low fees 3&gt; fast turnaround and 4&gt; buyer's market sound like a helluva recipe once you clear out the fog. :O
@_date: 2013-01-06 22:09:51
Guh. The IPs are logged "hashed"?
My issue with that is that you can't easily key strengthen a salted hash that you log, since the volume of activity means you can't afford to spend several seconds of 100% CPU/GPU power iterating over the hash to give attackers a hard time. And at the same time, the message space of an IPv4 address is only 4 billion items so iterating over all of them to compare/un-obfuscate a hash or an endless list of unique hashes is fairly damned trivial. :(
@_date: 2013-02-20 19:13:09
Well, that may solve the problem of potential corruption in the market itself, but I'd also like some mechanism to help keep the issuers of stock honest. Otherwise, I "invest" in XYZcorp, and supposedly "own" a piece of them.. then what's to stop them cutting and running as PirateAt40 did? Stock valuation should be about performance of the company and not about risk of cut and run.
@_date: 2013-03-23 21:40:51
I believe so. But I'd imagine there comes a point where wrangling human mods becomes more of a hassle than having twice the eyeballs cutting spam exposure in half gains us. :J
@_date: 2013-05-21 04:17:54
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:
* Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy.
@_date: 2013-06-16 18:00:29
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Do not use URL shortening services: always submit the real link.
@_date: 2013-01-29 02:59:48
Page gives links saying the last two "owners" got refunded. No idea how to vet said links as actually legitimate (and personally no idea why *two* owners would get refunded?) but, there u go. x3
@_date: 2013-04-13 02:57:25
So if they stopped mining gold — let's say Zues reached down and caused all unmined gold deposits to vanish — you're saying that since new gold stopped being introduced into circulation that all Gold would suddenly become worthless? Everyone who had gold would dump it out of their vaults and into the landfills in disgust? õ_O
@_date: 2013-01-03 21:03:52
Here is [Visa's page]( on the matter, including their own spin on how they like to call cash discounts a "retailer surcharge":




Changes to Surcharging Fees in the United States
Beginning January 27, 2013, merchants in the United States and U.S. Territories will be permitted to impose a checkout fee on consumers when they use a credit card. 


@_date: 2013-01-16 22:10:58
Sweet, posted today and I got to make first Utube comment. xD
So this is a Greek Bitcoin meetup at a bar or something? Who hosted/organized/filmed all of this? :O
@_date: 2013-01-02 23:29:13
Scraps of this have already been posted, but here goes.
Fractional reserve banking cannot be used to inflate the Bitcoin money supply because Bitcoin is already a complete payment system which recognizes a unit of account that is impossible to counterfeit. There can never be more than 21 million BTC in existence, and deposits held on books by banks or issued as non-BTC IOU's are impossible to spend in this existing payment system as though they were legitimate BTC.
When a bank accepts 100BTC deposit, then loans that 100BTC right back out to second person, then they are immediately substituting a new kind of money for BTC. They only have 100BTC available to allow anyone to withdraw, and the 200BTC they show on account for both people is at least partially impossible to back in real BTC.
The un-accounted for balances can be called a new kind of money in their own right, because bank can allow you to "pay" other account holders with your counterfeit balance. Unbacked Bitfloor BTC is handled in this way, today. Banks might even issue their own bonds you can pay people in, such as Mt Gox codes.
But these "new money" instruments cannot impinge upon the value of naked BTC the same way that bank balance USD does because USD is *defined* by the bank balances, while BTC is completely a bearer's instrument. USD behaves this way because that's the only form it can easily be transmitted over distance. BTC does not share this problem, it can be transmitted over distance in it's perfectly counterfeit-proof form.
So you might have some "near-BTC" money people trade, but they'll never trade at full parity to BTC and they never really pollute the BTC supply. Even if the instrument is fully backed by BTC, we only have the faith in the issuer to this effect, and an alternative (naked BTC) which is 100% as functional to transact with which we will always prefer having. The BTC I have in my wallet is 100% pure and it's purchasing power cannot be stolen via either state-authorized or greedy-consumer-authorized counterfeiting. :3
@_date: 2013-01-30 23:50:42
Bitcoin is a market which cannot be cornered through sideband attack like most other commodity markets are cornered.
Normally, you want to corner commodity X, you buy enough of it that you can do business at a loss providing services for commodity X (trading, storing, transporting over long distances, etc) so that nobody can afford to compete with you, and then you abuse that monopolized service industry to continue buying the commodity at artificially low rates (sell me your corn at price point X, or I'll make sure you can never transport or utilize however much corn you already have! mwahaha..) until you own enough of both the commodity and it's associated services to profit while still preventing the entry of any other profiteers. See, [De Beers](
Because Bitcoin does not require specialized third party services to handle as a commodity, there are no industries to monopolize to gain traction against the asset. You can purchase 99.9% of Bitcoins, artificially raising the value of the remaining sliver by over a thousand, and never gain any traction against the commodity which would allow you to force the remaining holders to liquidate at lower than their new, inflated valuation. You can't deny them services, you can't corner any industries. About the only thing you could do is flood the market to drop the price at odd times. While annoying, that's nowhere near a valuable enough position to be in to justify the hundreds of billions of dollars it would cost you to get there and you will **never** find a profit point to justify the holding without additionally working in favor of the asset value.
Bitcoin was designed that way. Nakamoto knows digital Judo: you cannot bring overwhelming purchasing or mining power to bear as an attack against bitcoin without the conflicted interest of the sudden earnings potential of using those same assets to enrich bitcoin instead. This acts as a multiplier of the opportunity cost *not* to harm the network. EG: if working with the network could profit you a million dollars today, or a billion dollars in 2016 or a trillion in 2020 (whenever the attack takes place, compared to bitcoin trading value lol) then you're forced to add that to the cost of the attack since you sacrifice that lucrative opportunity by attacking the network. :J
@_date: 2013-07-27 00:51:18
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news.
We recommend that you submit a self post, or publish an opinion on a blog referencing this primary work as a source, which clarifies what ways you think Bitcoin is related to the news story. For example, How/why you think Bitcoin could step in to handle Migrant Remittances.
That way, upvotes/downvotes would reflect agreement with your proposal instead of reflecting inchoate (and conflicting) dissatisfaction with the status quo.
@_date: 2013-04-01 14:39:57
aminok is specifically talking about crossing the GPU-miner threshold. Once GPU miners start to feel disenfranchised, either because ASIC or just because of increased difficulty or drops in unit price like 2011, they can switch to scrypt or proof of stake or what have you and keep using the same GPUs.
@_date: 2013-04-10 21:28:35


I don't convert my wages to Bitcoin. I do convert a portion of tax refunds into Bitcoin annually, because that's sort of an unpredictable annual balloon payment that I'm not strictly relying on for anything fixed.
On the other hand I do do freelance work for Bitcoin wages. :P


Not if that's all I was earning, no. I have USD revenue streams as well. I cannot peg my time to Bitcoin at present only because more than 50% of my personal expenses are still pegged to commodities sold by people who peg them to USD. The same would be true if I was accepting payment in ounces of Gold or Silver, to boot.


There is a big difference between "converting them to dollars" and "trading them with merchants in amounts negotiated based on dollar exchange rate". Mainly, the former involves a ton of friction and fees while the latter simply nods to the incumbent currency as a way of regulating prices.


That's a component of what it's about. How do you adopt Bitcoin if you aren't using it to process your payments?


Here is where you fall off the rails of demonstrating an understanding about the implementational details of Bitcoin. You *cannot* peg the value of any commodity, at all, without centrally manipulating it's supply or demand. That is why true markets involve negotiating a price on a case per case basis. Without a mercantile sovereign to alter the value of the currency over time by printing more or buying excess, or punishing people who trade outside of a legal price fix, people are going to pay however much they feel like it's worth and they're going to avoid trades which they find disadvantageous. (eg, too low or too high and one of the two parties will avoid the trade)


I think it will, because you'll still be able to transfer a digital store of value to people anywhere in the world without having to seek the approval of centralized third parties and without being required to expose personally identifiable information on either end.
That is the entire point of Bitcoin after all, and all of the dithering from the peanut gallery of people worried about how it is or should be priced is simply noise.
@_date: 2013-09-04 22:57:24
Oops, forget to change accounts? :&gt;
@_date: 2013-05-06 21:15:00
The direct link to wired article has [already been posted]( Removing this indirect duplicate.
@_date: 2013-07-24 09:53:09
Firstly, you can choose the wallet location. --datadir=
The trouble is the data directory houses both the wallet and the full blockchain, so using that option to keep multiple wallets would create multiple copies of the blockchain as well.
I and others have asked many times to have the wallet stored separately from the blockchain data directory, and the consensus has always been "No: the wallet includes a foreign key constrained database of all the relevant transaction inputs . Storing it seperately, on different media, or updating one without the other leads to a high risk of corrupting/destroying the wallet". I understand one thing they are currently doing is perfecting the SPV light client model as an alternative means to extricate those functions.
Now my point was: Multiple wallets imply multiple passwords, yes? How many different high-entropy passwords do you suspect it's reasonable for end-users to memorize?
@_date: 2013-06-05 22:42:55
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:
* Do not use URL shortening services: always submit the real link.
This applies to blogspam as well. You do not host the entire article content at your domain, you force readers to click through to the real source. In that circumstance we do require you to post the real source.
In this case, that would be 
@_date: 2013-02-25 02:01:07
I am sorry for your loss. Bitcoin and gold can still be moved untracably: on the black market. Fiat can be too, but only locally via cash.
They can all be traded under the table, but only if both parties agree and both parties bear independent burdens of reporting their otherwise inexplicable gains to the irs.
None of this can be blamed on coinbase. They deal in ach, which removes them from the sphere of black market trade. 
Anyone who doesn't understand that landscape simply doesn't appreciate the risks of practicing financial anonymity in our statist society. 
@_date: 2013-08-07 08:16:37
It seems like this thread perfectly mirrors every other thread I've seen (Steam, Etsy, even Reddit etc) where a user says:
A: I think the vendor of these forums should offer Bitcoin as a potential method of payment
(Sometimes A: *is* the vendor, and they're posting saying "Hey guys! Just wanted to see what everyone's opinions are if we accept Bitcoin as a potential method of payment!")
B: What is Bitcoin, is it good to eat?
C: Bitcoin is a ponzi scam! My grandmother lost all her retirement money when she talked to somebody from Nigeria once on the emails, so Bitcoin will do that to you too!
D: I don't want to pay in Coinbit! Don't do it, vendor! I love Paypal and if I have to mine my computer just to use this service I won't be able to stay.
E: Hey, BTC would be awesome!
A: No. D, guys, look. We're just talking about Bitcoin as an *optional* payment method. Nobody is taking away your paypal. There are just some people who would like to pay in BTC and we'd like to give them that ability.
F: E, you smell like farts! huh huh
G: Bitcoin has numbers in it. You can keep your Bitcoins, I want nothing to do with it.
(sprinkle in about a zillion copies of G, nobody feels satisfied talking about a new payment option until they make it very clear that they won't be using it and unobtrusively look down their nose at whoever might)
H: Bitcoin changes it's value all of the time! You can't trust it. If Vendor accepts Bitcoin payments then I'm leaving! &gt;:C
I: Isn't Bitcoin anonymous and untraceable? That's scary! :O
J: Bitcoin is only good for drugs and porn and killing people and buying nickleback CD's.
Somewhere in there, people may voice some justifiable (or at least potentially cogent) concerns. Things like "tooling up to accept bitcoin will cost $X, and I don't think you'll ever draw $X revenue to offset that" (which, depending on the industry, at this time is a fair probability..) or "I'm very worried that the government will begin cracking down and those associated with Bitcoin could wind up in hot water. I don't want Vendor to get in trouble!".
Sure, that latter conclusion is debatable: but it at least describes a scenario where people *not* paying in Bitcoin might hypothetically see adverse impact from vendor signing on. **Not a single other thing anybody says against the idea has any impact on people who choose not to pay in Bitcoin.**
And I am just staggered by the arrogance and interference of these people sticking their nose in about a feature that's never, ever going to matter to them s long as they choose to refrain from trying it. Instead they try to stir up crap and FUD between completely unrelated parties performing a simple, voluntary transaction.
It gives me migraines, to see the precise same thread played out over and over, to tell the truth. ;P
@_date: 2013-06-14 20:06:54
lukavyi: Just a couple of points.
1&gt; I can tell from here that you are shadowbanned. I recommend [asking the admins what's the matter]( on that front.
2&gt; For our local little neck of the woods, please do observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
We can't allow this posting here, but I can recommend and as fine places to advertise your trade.
Good luck, sir!
@_date: 2013-08-02 23:02:46


I do not mean proof from business owner idiocy, I mean proof from the monkeys on the far side of the counter poking at it or knocking it out of your hands and onto the floor. But it does help if the business owner doesn't have to know how to patch the linux kernel or write/maintain web proxies in python just to either A&gt; get started, or B&gt; properly defend against the monkeys.


Because I'm not in the mood to blow tens of thousands in R/D just to learn the hard way which ways your advise was wrong when you claimed it's easy. ;)  In my experience, if there really is no catch then someone else has already done it.


Yep, Square has done well in the hipster barista market where it's apparently not a big deal to hand a $1k device made out of glass to a customer with sticky fingers holding a latte. [Cups and Cakes]( does that too, but many business owners lie on the opposite side of that spectrum where customer-facing pens have to be chained to the desk to prevent them getting stolen.
The one time I tried visiting a trendy restaurant who did both Square and Coinbase, at first the wifi refused to stay connected and then (after I offered my phone's tethering hotspot feature and thereafter it stayed connected) merchant's device started getting 502 errors off of their Coinbase webpage. 45 minutes later the order still could not be completed, so I took her email address and she had to trust that I'd pay once I got back to the house (which I did).
So, I guess DDoS-resistant (eg, not relying on bare HTTP/s) would also be a plus.
@_date: 2013-05-25 00:00:27
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:
* Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy.
@_date: 2013-08-28 19:30:21
This was already posted yesterday: 
@_date: 2013-08-15 03:43:52
/me nods sagely and then allows "utmost" to slip before he staunches his malaprop-nazi impulses. x3
@_date: 2013-04-04 05:26:39
Sure, anonymity is great. Most wonderful thing in the world. But you'll never get anything done if you're always *always* anonymous, because nobody will know whether it's safe to trust you or whether you're the same john doe they were talking to just a moment ago. So *sometimes* you've got to throw an identity or two around, eh?
The thing with Bitcoins is that you can make them anonymous again after you've obtained them. Use a tumbler, a little bit of misdirection here or there, and then it's no longer clear who owns what and you're back in the clear.
Nobody has to know which shell you've got your bitcoins under once you've got them, but the US government will exact documentation from you about when and where you're using your bank account, and that's what MtGox AML is all about. I say it's perfectly safe. But with that, I say keep very careful track of what money you pass between your bank account and any exchanges that interact directly with your bank account, because I'm certain the IRS is doing so.
Aside from that, of course you can [sell items]( to earn Bitcoin, you can [work jobs and get paid]( in Bitcoins, you can [meet people in person]( or [online]( to arrange less formal exchanges for Bitcoins. You do not have to go the centralized exchange route, but when you do you've simply got a bit of extra homework to maintain anonymnity, is all.
Best of luck in all endeavors, and welcome to the community. :3
@_date: 2013-07-22 23:10:07
A&gt; Payment processors like [Bitpay]( allow merchants to accept bitcoin with zero risk of volatility and get the USD converted funds dumped automatically into their bank account via ACH daily.
B&gt; Bitcoin eliminates risk to merchant of chargeback fraud. For a business, risk is interchangeable with cost. They normally write off chargeback fraud percentage as a predictable loss. Bitcoin payments are immune to that loss.
C&gt; Cheaper fees. Bitpay charges 1%, Credit cards and Paypal charge 3-5%.
D&gt; Captive audience. There are many people who have Bitcoin, who would appreciate avenues to easily spend them. That's money knocking on your door. Some bitcoiners may already shop with your industry, but may not shop with *you* for whatever reason. Accepting bitcoin becomes a differentiation and a selling point.
E&gt; [You can read why Wordpress chose to accept Bitcoin]( Global audience, no requirement for shoppers to be banked or live in a first world country.
@_date: 2013-01-26 07:46:30
@_date: 2013-02-19 19:29:11
The bare metal of bitcoin is only the first step, though.
Like you mention, "escrow". The beauty of Escrow vs Chargeback is clear: once both parties are satisfied by the transaction, the coins are released and then the transaction is *over* and the ownership of the coins can lose all ambiguity.
@_date: 2013-07-04 02:16:59
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
I might recommend or for this one. 
@_date: 2013-01-22 01:14:09
You can sell bitcoin IOU's, the buyers just can't spend them like Bitcoins so they'd have to consent to the potential risk you'll welsh later on. :3
@_date: 2013-02-01 13:13:45
Work out a way to offer cards that people can cash out directly at ATMs?
Even with pretty high fees this would be popular for those who need fiat fast.
Paypal is a good option until Paypal finds out and cancels your account and all, but even then Paypal is a 3 day ACH and bank run away from cash. :B
@_date: 2013-02-01 11:51:47
Yep, on the one hand it is valuable to compare Bitcoin with a counterfeit-proof token like a poker chip of no individual value. You can't eat it or melt it down into jewelry, but by the strength of The Casino Royale it's hard to fake and there are only so many, so they cannot be obtained without sacrifice, and exist as proof of previous sacrifice.
Where Bitcoin skews away from this comparison is all pros too, though.
1. Bitcoin has these properties without relying on any central authority whatever.
2. Bitcoin (and it's less successful clones) are the ONLY such commodities that exist in raw, digital form. You cannot email a poker chip or a gold bar or a sack of wheat, you could only email IOUs for those one expects a third party bank or payment processor to honor, ordinarily for a fee (and across international lines that fee is often very high) and with a healthy dose of censorship to boot. Bitcoin can be transmitted digitally, receiving party doesn't have to be online to successfully receive, only fee goes to the inexpensive and censorship-proof miner/bookkeepers.
So while Bitcoin may share *many* illustrative properties with other unbacked tokens of value, it fills a role no other token or rock or seashell has ever been able to fill before. From where I sit, that is a game changer. :O
@_date: 2013-08-16 01:44:35
That's not completely irrelevant. It demonstrates a flaw in the mises argument, not in my comparison of mining::bitcoin to electronics/jewelry::gold. Granted I gave the mises argument the benefit of the doubt in my initial post, but your jab at me wounds them instead.
I just got done saying:


and my revised point is that, per your point miners do not guarantee a price floor but per the same point neither do industrial uses of any commodity. If industrial users *can* get the commodity at arbitrarily low prices due to either oversupply or underdemand, then they will happily do so.
@_date: 2013-02-28 02:39:32
I would check them out again then, because it looks like he did alter the search and product presentation features. Might be an added bonus for coming out of beta. :&gt;
@_date: 2013-05-21 22:32:57
I just don't see LTC as a very effective avenue of arbitrage. Historically, whatever has ballooned or oppressed the Bitcoin value has done the same to LTC. There aren't any means I am aware of to trade LTC/USD where you can't already trade BTC/USD.
@_date: 2013-01-23 05:56:44
I think you've missed more than the bubble if you thought the purpose of Bitcoin was to print free money until the gravy train gave out.
This isn't some exploit like the Diablo III duplication bug, this is a living economy full of interesting opportunities to provide services in exchange for healthy revenues. Mining is one of those opportunities to offer notarization services for transaction fees and minting subsidies that I am afraid has evolved beyond the grasp of new users with $800 budgets.
So, tell us what you did in virtual currencies to make money? Did you farm or offer any kind of service people would pay for? There are tons of innovative things people can pay you to do in Bitcoin. Let us know your strengths and maybe we can suggest a few.
@_date: 2013-01-29 01:28:20
Here's the hitch, you can naked short Gold by issuing certificates for it without holding 100% reserve. People will continue trading those certificates in leui of gold allowing you to carry on in fractional reserve simply because of the significant decrease in friction: it's hard to *physically* rehouse a kilo of gold but easy to pass around the deed to it and just assume it's still in a vault somewhere.
That's why financial shenanigans allow you to devalue Gold in a manner that Bitcoin is proof from. Sure you can make Bitcoin certificates, but they will never enjoy significantly less friction than raw Bitcoin already has. Thus people will say "I don't want the crappy IOU, where's the actual Bitcoin you owe me?" and the jig is instantly up. :P
@_date: 2013-03-19 15:07:56
Confiscation leads to .. to .. suffering! D:
(also, matonis just FYI you're coming up as shadowbannt :S )
@_date: 2013-02-11 23:59:51
They don't have to be for that merchant option to exist and to be attractive.
Even if we start by only purchasing some of our groceries, or only some of us paying the rent, or etc in BTC then that's a foothold from which to expand.
That gains our incentive to have some of our salaries rendered in BTC, and that gains our employers' incentives to begin excepting customer business in BTC, or for us to start more BTC-denominated services of our own. Then we don't have to lose friction on USD-BTC conversion any more.
Before long, most or all of our salary and basic spending can be in BTC and then we'd only need to hit the exchange friction when we're buying crusty old USD to pay for things provided by backwards vendors. :J
@_date: 2013-02-07 00:33:22
In that case, are there mpex brokers?
@_date: 2013-03-30 09:08:30
I'd say the biggest thing preventing difficulty spikes (That's the term I would use to describe it! xD) is that I don't know of any events that could cause, say, ten times the mining power to come online for 2016 blocks in order to force the difficulty up by a spike, and then that same huge increase of mining power disappearing. Where would it come from and then why would it suddenly vanish again?
Current mining power costs roughly the rewards, so $335kusd per day. A 10x spike in mining power would cost at minimum $3million per day just to run, not counting the much higher cost of actually deploying the hardware. Who would invest all of that and then just pull the hardware instead of continuing to reap mining revenue? It would be flatly impossible for them to make back their investment if they don't keep the gear running for a good, long time.
The argument is the same as bald price manipulation: our protection from Whales splashing around the tank to manipulate either the mining difficulty or the exchange rate is that the harm caused would focus on the whales themselves. Everyone around might take a hit, but never as big a hit as the whale deals themselves.
Bitcoin is designed so that people cannot spite it without cutting off their own nose in the process. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-16 14:04:39
I first heard it mentioned (advertised to me somehow, in fact) a year or more back, but dismissed it because I hadn't dug deep enough to learn it was decentralized. Just that it used cryptography, and easily could have been a repeat of the failed "[eCash]( thing I dabbled with slightly in '95. 
Opportunity did not knock again until early 2012, when prices were in the high $3 range. I didn't buy any until $5, made about double by the time I had to sell all ~$12-13 to firm up end-of-year personal finances. Bought back in more from tax return this year at ~$18-~$22 (in batches).
@_date: 2013-02-25 06:10:56


I just like the sound of how 5.7 x 10^-3 bitcoins is equal to a sixth of a US Dollar. :B
@_date: 2013-02-26 00:52:28
If they didn't want to delay other miners, or some subsection of other miners, from being able to validate their blocks then there would be no concern about miners padding blocks to make them too large for low bandwidth miners.
@_date: 2013-06-02 19:17:56
Please observe our community rules from the sidebar:
* No compilations of free Bitcoin sites.
@_date: 2013-03-02 03:34:39
/me glances at his employee-matched 401k and glances back with an :o face.
@_date: 2013-01-18 00:06:11
The reason Armory is or can be less "exposed" than BitcoinQT is that it is designed to run in two parts. A watching wallet on an online computer which gives attackers no advantage to exploit, and a cold wallet on an offline computer which by convention would be less exposed than a standard BitcoinQT node. :3
@_date: 2013-05-22 23:49:24
In my experience it's happened most frequently when somebody was caught by the admins breaking some big deal reddit rule. We had one of our mods (before they got modded tho, lols!) get shadowbant because he posted a link to one sub asking folks to upvote a submission or comment in another sub. That's all it took!
But he talked to admins, figured out wat he did to displease them and sorted everything out with them, and now all is good. :3
@_date: 2013-01-29 03:06:08
The user isn't directly agreeing upon it, but the computer is by way of executing the protocol. The computer is speaking on the users behalf by signing off on the minutia of the protocol the user endorsed when they chose to run that software in contrast to, say, Litecoin or Namecoin. :3
@_date: 2013-02-10 00:28:13
"Turn.. the machines.. back onnn! D:"
Trading places is da bomb, I use [this clip]( any time I'm in an argument with somebody who can't seem to decide what is or is not a commodity. ;3
@_date: 2013-04-18 22:39:15
They weren't speculating as to whether people would prefer text over voice, they were speculating as to the technical capability of transmitting voice recognizably over distance. They got that part very, very wrong since today we can each carry a device the size of a packet of cigarettes to any two vaguely habitable points on the globe and instantly begin a perfectly understandable voice conversation for cheaper than WU used to charge to send a telegram. 8I
@_date: 2013-04-25 22:39:28
Thank you for your belated candor. I've removed DarkRyoushii's post downstream, though and we have contacted the admins about the best way to handle the larger thread in general.
@_date: 2013-05-14 19:10:13
I already do this because my eldest son primarily just buys steam games and prepaid wireless minutes with his allowance. For awhile there were stable online sites that did that for you, now I just front those purchases when he needs them. We don't even have to be in the same building (I could be at work, he could be at his grandmothers' or at school during break, etc) he just gtalks me up and says "Yo, dad. I need XYZ" and fires some BTC at me from his BCI wallet.
Much less hassle than a bank account or paper bills or virtual allocation where I'd have to maintain my own ledger. :J
@_date: 2013-07-27 04:04:31
I'unno, but speaking as a mod I'm not even know what is. :o
But when I click the link and go there, it's all about Ayn Rand and ancap anyway. :3
@_date: 2013-04-11 21:23:01
Well, with any luck this crash we're having will shed that lot for a little while. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-11 19:15:53
/me fiddles with his calculator, arrives at ~$0.50usd/day which is a more optistic estimate than my current ~$0.36usd/day baseline observation.
Put another way, your estimate suggests that a merchant should see a 33% discount in bitcoin pay for itself if they hold the currency 1 month, while mine suggests they may have to wait as long as 1.5 months.
@_date: 2013-09-27 22:43:38


I'll bet that's a good segment of it, then. I know that Theymos likes keying on number of times reported, and perhaps it's posts like that which starrychloe2 did a quick measurement on in their sub.
So here's a question: Since Theymos runs his own copy of automod, would there be an easy way to increase poll frequency for number of reports? Or is that something restricted by Reddit API? :o
@_date: 2013-03-21 20:59:27
I disagree, they both have similar per unit costs.. and what opportunity cost are you talking about?
Every page load has one or more slots for ads. Those slots are the commodity. Page loads will happen at a frequency unrelated to gold subscription or ad revenue, so sometimes those slots don't even have paid ads to fill them at present.
Buying gold means those slots for your page loads are not filled with ads. The cost of this should be roughly similar to buying the ad space on all of your page loads for the prescribed time period.
@_date: 2013-04-15 21:06:19
Which options would you like us to look at?
During the crash, MtGox lagged badly. Virtually every other exchange (Bitfloor, Bitstamp, BTC-e) fell completely offline for a period.
@_date: 2013-03-27 00:41:00
+1 insightful
+tip 10mbtc until NFS adds slashdot mod syntax into the bot, tho. lol!
@_date: 2013-03-13 18:43:13
I don't know if the Chinese *mainstream* can speak about bitcoin, because it is state controlled and the Chinese Government will not be interested in promoting it. :P
@_date: 2013-07-17 23:56:20
First off: to which site do you refer?
Secondly: On reddit, you can reply to other commentors by clicking the "reply" link just below their comment. That way you don't have to invoke people's names just to make it clear to whom you are replying. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-07 08:45:07
Blog post doesn't clarify how these colored coins could get successfully pegged to the pound.
* Issuer would have to be trusted (so much for "decentralized exchange")
* Market would have to trust someone will always be there to buy and sell these colored coins at 1GBP
* No entity, central or aggregate would be able to hold the price pegged without constantly burning wealth in the process (buying and selling at loss to manipulate price free market forces would otherwise randomize)
@_date: 2013-02-23 02:32:44
Hmm.. [what kind of computer would it take to brute force a 256-bit ECDSA private key?](
@_date: 2013-03-08 22:22:13
By accepting sales in Bitcoin, mayhaps? :J
Most places I know of upgrade by purchasing new gear on the cheap and flogging the old gear on eBay. Flog some of that on Bitmit instead?
@_date: 2013-05-16 05:01:02
Then I'll be sure to extend you the same courtesy. *tips hat*
@_date: 2013-02-27 19:29:40
Every solution I know of, thanks to anti money-laundering laws, lets you sell off Bitcoins for fiat but then forces you to personally receive the fiat / will not allow the fiat to go to a third party. 
Most charity organizations require the donator to declare their name/address etc before they can accept the donation, too. :S
@_date: 2013-02-28 01:24:08
"outside" is an illusion, the green line's vertical axis is time while the orange and blue lines' vertical axes are volume. So when they intersect it's no big thang.
In this case, it just superimposes an impressive buy wall with an impressive spot price move. :B
@_date: 2013-04-19 01:51:09
I, but but, I need that for hearing! D:
Damn PCM standards. x3  I doubt it's a widespread problem though, or everyone wouldn't be dropping their land lines in favor of cell.
@_date: 2013-07-27 22:20:25
I recommend asking in or pm'ing (author and maintainer of the bot) for any bot-related technical assistance.
To date, I'm not aware of any people dissatisfied with bot's money-handling reputation or disputing it's operation. Peeps just find bugs and NFS fixes them like a baws! xD
@_date: 2013-07-01 22:42:49
Keep in mind, using an basically anonymous currency there's no traction with which to identify who is on the blacklist and who is not.
@_date: 2013-07-27 22:39:44
2FA is cross contaminated when the thing you know (your password) has to pass *through* the thing that you have (computer hosting wallet.dat file) and becomes a single factor again.
Reason why is malware compromising the thing you have then also taints the thing you know in the same stroke.
The reason Gavin's 2FA proposal does not fall victim to that same pattern is that the thing that you have (yubikey) and the thing that you know (basically, secret key in your wallet.dat) cannot easily be compromised via the same vector.
@_date: 2013-02-16 09:51:48
Lol, I see. No it's not as bad as "just broke $1", it looks like you're up to 1.71595374 BTC currently, which at today's exchange rate ($27usd/btc) is about $45.48 usd. :3


If you link your bank account to [Coinbase](  they will buy your bitcoins at 1% less than market rate and send you the proceeds as electronic check. Coinbase also has a [Merchant Solution]( much like Paypal, which is a little more flexible than the donation address and makes it easier to keep track of who exactly has paid you how much. Reddit has partnered with Coinbase to do their option of buying people gold.
Speaking of which.... *GOLD* lols :3
If you prefer receiving paypal over electronic check, then you'll want to look at [FastCash4Bitcoins]( He buys Bitcoins and issues proceeds to your paypal address (and it must be YOUR paypal account, he does not support paying third parties and gets rather cross about that! I've learnt from experience. xD), minimum order $20usd.
@_date: 2013-04-06 09:51:47
Well, 51% is less of a magical formula and more of a folksy indicator. Sort of like bad hygiene isn't defined by infestation, but that's a hell of a compelling sign.
Pool participants ought to be spreading their weight around as evenly as we can, because we want to avoid centralization in general. Fork detection et al can protect you from a direct attack, but mining majorities get to play lots of different games that don't lead to forks such as transactional favoritism, and other shit I haven't even considered yet.
I appreciate every GGG thing that Eleuthria does, but what I'm saying is that it's our decisions as pool participants that put him in the position of needing to set registration limits and avoid perfecting market efficiency to begin with. *We* should be spreading our weight, and it sure would help if there were more Eleuthria's out there running really good pools to compete with his and keeping him honest by necessity instead of by magnanimity. ;3
I see trust as a glorious thing, but that said one should draw from it as infrequently as one has to.
@_date: 2013-10-31 16:25:48
If I were close enough to try it I would wear a mask and have a wax imprint on my hand. yuk yuk 
@_date: 2013-03-15 18:37:47
I keep hearing this term. What do it means? xD
@_date: 2013-01-27 08:16:36
The point is the deposited balance *is* the funny money, at least in it's most basic form. That is a currency as long as you're allowed to trade that balance with other people at the same or in linked institutions. People do this with BitFloor Bitcoin balances all the time, since the famous hack. Go check out [Bitcoinary]( and people are trading USD balances held at MtGox and Paypal regularly as though they were seperate floating currencies, just because of how much of a bitch it is to convert those into other forms of USD.
@_date: 2013-04-08 20:19:51
/me cues up some noscript r34. 8I
@_date: 2013-01-09 06:54:36
Yep, think of your wallet.dat file as a key ring full of private keys for all of the addresses that make up the conceptual "wallet".
As long as you have those private keys, you have control over all the bitcoin presently assigned to those addresses via the blockchain.
That said, one caveat is that the Bitcoin-QT client generates fresh, new change addresses for every spend transaction you make. It does so (I believe!) in batches of 100 at a time, but after using your wallet a bunch you'll eventually have new addresses collecting change, and those plus any new addresses you've created to discretely receive funds wouldn't be included with that backup file.
So backup often! I pretty much back up every time I use my wallet, because paranoidparrot.jpg. ;3
@_date: 2013-04-01 17:16:14
When you collude with a miner, it cannot be profitable for all involved unless you pay the colluding miner instead of the merchant, so you're racing the clock between your mining buddy getting a block and when they'll either publish it or get overtaken for some discount against the merchant's wares. If you mine and attempt a finney, then you're risking losing mining profit to an orphan block against how quickly you can secure stolen goods from your double spend. 
There *is* always a cost, you just have to be frank enough to measure it. 
@_date: 2013-06-15 19:51:34
No credit checks, and it's often easy to sign up for a loadable debit card without accurate information.
It may be functionally indistinguishable from a hamstrung debit account in many ways, but it also serves the desires of either anonymity or credit acceptance of the audience in question at high monthly fees or requirements.
@_date: 2013-01-27 12:44:39
is generally in favor of anonymity. :D
That said, there are as many strategies as posters. Being a side-channel sort of fellow myself, I tend to feel stand-offish towards mixing services whose actual job is mixing. Either A&gt; they have a public reputation and thus I worry they might retain records or cooperate with shadowy government hooha's, or B&gt; they operate anonymously themselves or through Tor which might prevent them being within reach of the state but also prevents them from being accountable should they choose to just munch the funds you send through them.
And since I don't personally know of any mixing solutions that prevent the funds from having to be yielded completely to a third party at some point (EG, maybe that beast is soluble using M-of-N transactions but I haven't had any brilliant insights how yet. x3), my recommendation is the side-channel approach. Use tor to move your funds into a well respected exchange or hosted wallet service that is neither famous for it's blockchain analysis capacity (avoid Blockchain.info) nor for it's draconian identity/KYC/AML practices (avoid MtGox) and sit it there for a couple of hours, then just move it back out again to a fresh address.
If you are concerned that exchange might be subpeona'd to disclose the money trail, do it one more time at a different one. If you're (rightly) concerned about balance analysis, break up the amounts and withdraw in smaller pieces than you deposited to all fresh addresses and at different times. You're now officially beyond the forensic capacity of yours truly backed by a staff and a federal budget, and that's about as secure as I can ever promise anyone. x3
Another point, if a well respected darknet merchant (eg, Silkroad) offers you a mixing service to pay their merchants (eg, not to just withdraw back out again) then game theory tells me that will tend to be trustworthy to that purpose, because they'll never side with LEA against a buyer (sellers are always the big fish, they get to nurse extra layers of precaution) and they'll never profit enough from stealing your single transaction to justify harming the rest of their own business model. 
@_date: 2013-03-27 02:07:15
"as they can".
Case in point, short of hunting me down and wielding $5 wrenches at me, they're unlikely to prize my bitcoins from me. :J
And I'm just one guy. Thousands of people trade in Bitcoins, and a good hunk of them would make it asymptotically expensive to convince them to divest fully.
@_date: 2013-03-26 22:28:26
* Paypal isn't an exchange, you cannot buy and sell one kind of currency on an open market for other kinds.
* Paypal requires you to link your bank account, which handles many of the AML requirements much quicker and which MtGox literally can't even do until they partner with US banks (which is the point behind the upcoming Coinlab merger).
* Paypal can deal with many instances of Fraud by performing chargebacks up to 6 months after the transaction has occurred, essentially shoving all fraud risk onto the merchants. Bitcoin OTOH is chargeback proof, perfectly insulating merchants from fraud risk. 
@_date: 2013-02-26 00:11:35
Hint: probably cheaper than using the same service (moneygram) to buy Bitcoins via BitInstant. :P
Take away: moneygram probably isn't the best way to go, either for your friend OR to buy bitcoins. xD
@_date: 2013-02-15 02:04:52
Oh. No, for some reason that illustrated summary of The Machinery of Freedom was the video that played for me when I first clicked OP link, and was in fact what my reply was directed towards. :O
@_date: 2013-03-06 01:35:42


Hai Piachu,
just to confirm (because it can be a bit confusing to new users who don't understand the underlying mechanics) the primary danger in working with paypal and Bitcoin is in trying to *sell* bitcoin to an unknown party who offers you paypal, right? Selling through a centralized broker with a good rep like [FastCash4Bitcoins]( shouldn't pose any problems, should it? It's always worked well for me. :3
@_date: 2013-09-07 06:00:56
Alright, then GWP = [~$90T]( so we'd be ~$70kusd/BTC.
Unless, perhaps, you account for USD hyperinflation between now and that day? lols :B
@_date: 2013-03-21 12:51:22
Yeah, I feel that Bitcoin is a new and exciting innovation. It is not a black swan, it is an entire flock of self-replicating black swans that make probabilistic analysis difficult to complete. ;3
One thing I am curious about from your analysis: is it always true that the legal fees are due to the defendant in a civil case, or are you focusing on circumstances where the prosecution is DoJ?
If the latter, then public opinion becomes a powerful motivator. My wife doesn't read the same news sources that I do and basically knows nothing of Bitcoin she doesn't hear from my ramblings, but even her facebook/local news sensibilities were appraised of the Cyprus bank fiasco.
The currency wars are raging and the governments of the world have grown tired of waiting for block headed bitcoin zealots such as myself to think up good comebacks to detractors complaining about Bitcoin volatility and security; these governments have taken it upon themselves to rapidly demonstrate those same failings in their own financial systems instead. 8I
Against this backdrop, any moves made by the DoJ are painfully public and would serve to highlight Bitcoin into a stark contrast against banking malfeasance.
@_date: 2013-08-15 03:08:55
Right, the crypto challenge that Diceware hopes to avoid is poor random number generators (RNG's). Do you know if the RNG you're using in python is sufficient for generating cryptographic entropy? Linux /dev/urandom is well respected. Physical dice are well respected (or at least, if any bias exists in physical dice that bias cannot be easily reproduced or exploited by an attacker).
@_date: 2013-01-30 02:36:54
It's part of the vanitygen package. The executable is called "oclvanitygen" or something like that. Workt great on my Nvidia machine. :3
@_date: 2013-07-02 21:58:03
Thank you, xrandr. It's most effective when you're pressing "report" along with the comment so us mod-folk can see it. ;3
@_date: 2013-01-03 00:15:01


I guarantee all such businesses are already paying whichever employees want to in Bitcoin. :&gt;
@_date: 2013-07-30 08:00:07
Only MtGox is hovering there. Most vendors have stopped relying on MtGox for price discovery recently, choosing Bitstamp instead. MtGox price is skewed beyond usefulness since it's customers cannot easily withdraw USD at present.
@_date: 2013-09-03 12:06:07
Most people would never use a PRNG to try nonces. They would simply step up from 0 counting by ones, because there is no known pattern to finding the nonce that will satisfy a low-bound SHA256 short of "try everything, don't try anything twice" and the fastest way to do that is dead straightforward counting.
@_date: 2013-03-21 19:37:50
It depends on what you mean by "we all". Do you mean everyone who is involved in bitcoin?
The operative part of "what would happen if.." is determining the behavior of "who exactly are we buying from". *Absolutely* everybody can't buy at one moment because there'd be nobody left to sell. xD
If just "a whole lotta" people inelasticly buy, then the magnitude of the price spike will be determined by the sentiment of the people who sell. Literally: what are the coins in their hands worth to them? 
Whether the price dips again depends primarily on the sentiment of the new owners of coin: are they going to try to cash in on the sudden spike, or panic, or hold?
@_date: 2013-03-21 20:43:17
precisely. "Me too" speculation. People who don't understand why or how Bitcoin has become popular and just want to go through the same ritual to see if they can also make it rain, and I suppose a few people who honestly believe Bitcoin will fail due to specialized mining hardware centralization and furthermore that Litecoin wouldn't die in the same blast. ;3
@_date: 2013-11-15 18:54:08
Mike's the one who [engineered the protocol these people are latching onto]( Are you suggesting he's the mad scientist type who will build a doomsday device just to finger wag at *other people* for trying to detonate it?
@_date: 2013-01-12 14:44:57
Well, the tip bot [has documentation]( that should help you control the balance you just got tipped. You need to fire up your personal wallet, and get an address from your personal wallet to pass the tip off to. In Blockchain.info's wallet (which I call BCI), you want to click the "receive money" link, and that will tell you what address it's using.
Bitcoin wallets are like a janitor's key ring. The wallet really just bundles together a potentially endless number of addresses which you control. BCI by default just reuses the one address forever, which works fine unless you're an uberparanoid person who wants to micromanage security.
When you want to receive money, you pick an address out of your wallet and request someone pay you there. Each address gathers it's own individual balance. When you want to spend, your wallet automatically chooses some of it's addresses with money to spare and spends out of those for you. Some change also gets spent back into one of your addresses as part of the transaction. Lots of wallet software creates brand new addresses for change every time, but BCI just dumps change back in your main address every time.
So you get your address from your wallet software, and you use the bot's commands to tell it to send your reddit tip balance to that address. You ought to see it show up (as "unconfirmed") in your BCI wallet within minutes (the unconfirmed Bitcoin transaction is instant, but the Reddit bot takes a few minutes to process your request).
Good luck, sir! :)
@_date: 2013-01-05 03:25:48
I had to google it, but I assume you mean  ? :3
Yeah, they're not in my area yet but it still sounds hella exciting and I'd still get behind this.
Like I mentioned in reply to Hazek below, if we couldn't pitch to them easily enough to outright support bitcoin then we could still try to get a processor like Bitpay or Coinbase or some middleperson to offer a way to pitch directly to the bitcoin public and pay on behalf of the shared customers.
I think there's a certain "processor fatigue" that it is understandable for a merchant to feel. Bitcoin, litecoin, paypal, shrillex, zipzap, ING, there are an endless parade of ways people *could* pay and some people would be quite interested in paying, but advertising and promoting all or any of them carries unique support and PR expenses I think it's best to spare many of these merchants early on.
But should any middleperson be able to manage the processor and side of things even without overt endorsement, then the simple expedient of our community being able to announce "Now you can buy your groceries in Bitcoin, too!" should drive the point home for a heck of a lot of people and drive that much more lifeblood through the economy as we start making use out of it ourselves. &lt;3
@_date: 2013-01-09 02:23:15
Should have just, yeah. But black and white thinking means they can't see fit to part with pocket change, especially not paid toward the target, just to quantify their liability.
They just demand an account instead. Savvy torrent tracker gives them a honeypot account. Which should prompt Paypal to be paranoid enough to say "F$%^ this shit, I'll covertly buy an account"?
@_date: 2013-03-08 02:44:07
Money is money. There is no way to obtain bitcoins (Not even "mining"!) that does not involve another person or group of people sacrificing them to you. So you have to give them something valuable in return.
Could be fiat ([localbitcoins]( [coinbase]( [ziggap]( or holding a virtual garage sale ([bitmit]( doing work for bitcoin bounties ([bitgigs]( producing and selling popular digital content such as images or music ([coindl]( the list goes on. :3
@_date: 2013-05-15 07:10:37
Well, quite frankly it's not my children's business how I recreate as an adult. They're being too young to understand that casts no aspersions on the choices that I make.
I think that the children of men who went to war to defend their country may be too young to understand all the details of the hard choices they had to make, as well. Would they find it traumatic to learn that their father had to gun down a child advancing on their position with explosives strapped on in 'nam?
Life can be complicated and messy, but it's a poor choice to pass judgment from the vantage point of those who have scarcely had a chance to live it yet. Furthermore, I think that anybody who limits their horizons of experience to what would not shock the audience of blues clues is missing out on a lot that life has to offer. 
Another example: you will never even *have* children if you never leave the bounds of PG storytelling. :P
@_date: 2013-01-24 22:36:34
Regardless, do other nodes completely blackball new transactions after an unconfirmed transaction claims to spend the funds, or do they keep the cat both dead and alive util a miner opens the box?
@_date: 2013-02-28 08:53:26
Multibit relies on a remote server to perform the blockchain verification and maintenance, yes. This is convenient for you: not having to spend the time to verify, maintain, or store a copy of the blockchain but comes at the cost of trusting third party nodes to handle that part of the work for you. There are very complicated and obscure ways that server *might* be able to trick you and defraud you of coins if it were in fact a bad actor. Those odds are slim, but the ubertinfoil hats (like Satoshi himself, of course) prefer the utterly unfoolable full node.
When you said "Running a bitcoin server seems like an extremely risky stuff" I thought you meant hosting an ewallet for other people online. Running a full bitcoin node on your desktop can be slow to sync, disk intensive and inconvenient but it is by far the least risky infrastructure to transact with. :3
@_date: 2013-01-08 22:51:47
Do the full nodes have any power to veto storing or passing along transactions offering fees below a certain threshold to spend new coin per kb of txn size? Otherwise I could see this as a significant DDoS vulnerability against the regular nodes.
Attacker spams network with an endless stream of semantically valid requests to move one satoshi between addresses he controls, offers no fee. Miners may not accept it, but if the transactions never die out that just means they languish that much longer on full nodes which try to keep re-advertising them. It would be chaos. &gt;:C
@_date: 2013-03-08 02:56:23
Silver is a Bitcoin. Buy ponzi.
@_date: 2013-06-02 19:38:17
Yep, for your everyday items ebay has tons larger audience but Bitmit is already an audience concentrated on using Bitcoin. I give them a thumbs up. :3
They can use an extra kick of advertising sometimes, as well though. I'd say publish your listings on too, for good measure.
@_date: 2013-02-28 22:00:49
We may not agree, but where you see a bubble I see a flat advance since early January which matches the charactaristics of every flat plateau ($5, $8, $13) before the effects of the reward halving shook out.
I think we had plateaus into heavy inflation between major announcements then because the demand grew steadily to match the inflation. I don't think anything in our economy has dampened to curb that growing demand, but the supply growth was curtailed by the halving. Thus, 7 weeks of steady price increase which I see as perfectly stable.
Put another way, Bitcoin is not pegged to USD so there's no reason to expect a flat floor measured against USD. Bitcoin has a fixed ultimate supply, so naturally it will evaluate over time versus every other even mildly popular globally traded commodity without a fixed ultimate supply.
Actually, it just came to me what measurement could settle the bubble concerns once and for all: Does MtGox publish aggregate deposit/withdrawal statistics for each currency? Sustainable value growth in Bitcoin vs USD should be well indexed by sustained USD deposits at MtGox matched to BTC withdrawals. If that differential for a week well matches the price rise for that week, then it's demonstrably not a bubble.. if they don't match up then BTC purchasers are just waiting for the right moment to sell again and it is. Thoughts?
@_date: 2013-02-09 23:58:52
Sure you could sell! Just at negative prices.
"Here, I'll give you a tenner to take this bitcoin off my hands. pleeeeeaz?" xD
@_date: 2013-06-03 14:31:58
Good eye. I only get "webpage cannot be displayed", but at your prompting I tried isup.me (says it's up) and then google translate, which shows a page and mentions BitBox. :J
@_date: 2013-02-25 22:48:25
Alright, and the excess heat from mining bitcoin can be used to warm your home.
These are all laughable side effect values of each commodity compared to it's monetary value. The point of the question "why does gold have value" is "Why does somebody want to buy it from you at $1500+/oz?" It's uses in electronics or jewelry making fail to carry that price, only it's use as a store of value and means of facilitating trade drive that price.
@_date: 2013-02-14 11:29:53
uhhhhhhhhh ew! No Dwolla, no!
Bank wire to MtGox is cheapest and fastest for $1000+. ACH to Coinbase for $1000-. Winners don't do Dwolla. xD
@_date: 2013-02-11 08:09:18
That tears it, 
Bitcoins4Mao here I come. :D
@_date: 2013-07-31 07:07:20
Checks coinbase's price. Checks [Bitcoinity charts](
Coinbase's advertised price is staying within a few cents of the price on Bitstamp.
Compare with [Bitcoinstore]( [Gyft]( [Bitcoinin]( They are all now tracking Bitstamp.
This is primarily because MtGox price has drifted artificially upwards on account of people are having a hard time withdrawing USD.
@_date: 2013-03-12 02:11:16
do you mean "stop tipping people"?
@_date: 2013-11-09 01:40:31


No, you missed my point: that shaming people for using fiat as an intermediate vehicle to either obtain or to divest coins is going to remain counter-productive for a good long while.


Show me where it is any harder for a merchant to buy coins with fiat recreationally than it is for them to sell revenue coins for the fiat mission-critical fiat that need to pay bills?
Also, when you actively buy coins you choose the exact value point you cash in at. For example, put USD on exchange and set buy order to catch dips. When somebody pays you in coins, they have an incentive to pay you at a price high point if/when that is ever predictable, leaving you holding the bag. Bitcoin trending upwards short term? pay you in fiat. Trending downwards? Pay in devaluating coin.
Accepting bitcoin when your expenses are in fiat means you are either relying on a broker to cash you out instead of the customer cashing out themselves, *or* you are taking on the risks of a broker yourself.
So, until our collective purchasing power reaches highs which soften volatility and/or we develop more closed economic loops brokers are going to inexorably be a factor every time bitcoin changes hands and we have to accept that fact instead of picking on people for their natural risk avoidance tendencies.
@_date: 2013-05-29 17:58:13
Probably the same way you do when you have cash income. You write it down like an adult.
He should be surprised because he's done nothing to violate their terms of service.
EDIT: spelling
@_date: 2013-03-09 11:07:35
Even the firefox logo seems specific to 2006 (use the time slider), aided further by a special-purpose aerial photograph covering just that area (check the color boundaries in a square around the field. :P
@_date: 2013-02-16 12:47:41
I'unno, it's something you could email coinabul and ask him about. I don't see a reason why not, and not having to pay s/h is always a plus. :3
@_date: 2013-02-26 20:47:15
Pirate bay does not rely on average people being able to convey fiat to and from them like Bitcoin exchanges do.
@_date: 2013-01-04 23:02:36


I'm not too happy with that analogy. People are highly limited in which IP addresses they have access to, while they can create brand new bitcoin addresses out of thin air. IP addresses aggregate based on topological location (very nearly based on geographic location) while Bitcoin addresses carry zero routing data.
Law enforcement's success in tracking IP's relies on their relationships with highly centralized ISPs and network providers who keep personal information on all of their customers. The Bitcoin community is very privacy-minded by default, with most service providers deleting logs once they're no longer needed for their own safety and running stateless.
@_date: 2013-03-21 19:07:59
Very nearly the same, yes. Except with tons of benefits like being cheaper to store, different method of security (informational instead of physical) and can be traded across the planet instantly. :3  And a few detriments, like you cannot shape Bitcoin *directly* into jewelry and Bitcoin does not conduct electricity. 8I
@_date: 2013-06-30 01:31:47
I'm pretty sure people expect some professionalism from folks offering $50usd+ investment opportunities. 
If somebody you'd never heard of made this post and you read it, would you feel like throwing money at the screen as a result?  õ_O
@_date: 2013-05-16 14:11:34
Ah ha. I was afraid you had meant to link a different article and pasted the wrong clipboard contents, or something.
In any event, [the story was already recently submitted]( so there's that too.
Worth mentioning in the comments there, though. Also, I'm wondering if that stat is drawn from some original source besides just an off-the-cuff interview? Perhaps there's a more relevant link to post, out there somewhere? :3
@_date: 2013-03-06 22:44:55
The REAL arbitrage opportunity right now is selling coin on Bitfloor and buying it back on BTC-e. 8I
@_date: 2013-03-27 02:12:04


Then find somebody locally (perhaps somebody who wants to buy on SR? Or speculator, or remittance, etc etc) to trade bitcoin back to USD with.
Bitcoin deals in back alleys are a lot safer, easier to authenticate and harder to enforce against than trading illicit substances are. 
@_date: 2013-01-21 23:46:44
That or offering 1% dividends daily on a blind investment, but as we've all seen greed is a powerful motivator for many. :&lt;
@_date: 2013-03-19 21:20:36
Doh, my bad. I was looking at the change output of [this](
@_date: 2013-01-19 04:16:21
[VirWoX]( accepts Paypal, Skrill, and Credit/Debit cards. Note: they're main business is [Secondlife]( currency exchange, so buying Bitcoin there requires signing up for a free account with SL, depositing USD at VirWoX, exchanging that to Secondlife Lindens (SLL) as a middle step and then exchanging *that* to BTC. Fees/spread losses run about 6% total, end to end (from your card to the BTC in your wallet) and new users often have to wait 24-48 hours for the BTC withdrawal step to complete.
Enjoy! :3
@_date: 2013-04-07 22:05:14
I actually haven't heard of NCUA before, all I know is when I started a standard checking account at the local CU they made me sign forms stating that I understood my deposits were not insured by FDIC.
I find that a bit of a strange thing to make me do if it's insured by another organization functionally indistinguishable to the end-user. :P
@_date: 2013-07-19 21:25:03
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-02-13 06:28:42
ya, what's this? What is being sponsored here?
I just see a couple of pictures and a video which shows an over-complicated-looking chest full of actuators (what, is his chest going to bust open and transform into a spider?!), and a couple of control boards making the hand operate. Which, incidentally, can be done just as easily in Lego Mindstorms.
In all the full body promotional images, that face looks pretty terribly shopped on.
Smells like vapour. :Q_
@_date: 2013-02-27 22:51:37
Depending on volume, the US bank which holds MtGox USD balance kind of already does this, doesn't it?
@_date: 2013-09-12 08:41:31
It's one that sounds very intriguing to me.
They *do* appear to have an option like that, for publicly-accessible wiki pages. 
maybe? :J
@_date: 2013-11-15 19:49:12
I argue that creating any device/machine/protocol counts as an endorsement of that device/machine/protocol at least until said implicit endorsement is unambiguously disclaimed.
Mike has never said "Yes, I made this protocol but I hope it never gets used". Instead he's said "Look, I made this!" and later "Let's have a discussion about whether or not we should use this thing that I made." There exists in these statements zero disclaimer or disownment.
@_date: 2013-08-19 23:20:18
Removed for plagiarism. Original article: 
@_date: 2013-01-05 19:25:28
Well, I dunno. VOIP is one of the services my company provides, but only on our metropolitan area network.
Skype is a helluva protocol, not just for the voice transport but for the decentralized distribution nature it's perfected. 
Basically, if somebody already knows of a transport technology which can kill Skype, would the payment system really be the only thing holding them back from already doing so?
@_date: 2013-03-15 18:39:23
Yeah, I know other sites with 2 factor that give you a list of reset tokens you can print out and stow away (safe deposit box, etc) in case your authenticator stops working or you lose it or such.
Since these are one-time-use tokens, the protect you from keyloggers. Even if you type one in amidst a keylogger (which you should resist doing under all circumstances, but I'm just saying..), it doesn't allow any third parties access to your account.
@_date: 2013-01-13 23:37:47
On principal, I believe that any pair of people ought to have the voluntary right to communicate information to each other without third party endorsement of the content of that communication (even if third parties must be employed to proxy said information). Cryptography does a good job of vindicating this belief.
I also believe money is a form of information and that exchanging it is a form of communication, thus falling under the aforementioned umbrella. Bitcoin is the best ecosystem I've encountered so far to vindicate this point.
@_date: 2013-02-21 12:21:44
Pretty par for the course for AMA's not to reply save to the top level comments. Or save if you're Mattew Lillard and just enjoy out-redditing Reddit. &amp;
@_date: 2013-07-03 21:13:01
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial (or political) news.
The importance of this rule as it applies to your submission is that you aren't presenting a fully realized opinion on how this is related to Bitcoin; such as how you feel Bitcoin would solve the problem or however you feel it is related.
Without that fully realized opinion, post would get upvotes simply because of inchoate political dissatisfaction as opposed to directed agreement or disagreement with your assessment or solution. To that end, I recommend either a self-post or a brief blog article presenting your case and pointing to this and potentially other articles to back up your case. Then post that and it will be news / opinion related to Bitcoin. :)
@_date: 2013-08-06 20:04:13
Nope, I'm looking at the alphabetical list of purchasable cards on Gyft and Starbucks is not one of them. Be mindful, gift has one list of cards it can hold on your behalf, and a different (smaller) list it can buy for you directly.
@_date: 2013-01-05 19:32:38
Okay, so a decentralized marketplace for such network services, whereby any normal person with compute or network resources to spare could sell those off to the cloud?
Assuming I'm reading it right, I like a lot of things about this idea up to the big question mark of "what prevents the resource-sellers from spying on or manipulating the traffic and data processed on behalf of clients"?
When you run a traditional VPS or VPN that's already a bit of a concern, but at least those are durable, branded enterprises you can spawn negative PR for if you catch them messing with you. But when the service provider is 14yo script k1dd13 in pennsylvania, who's ecstatic to not only have somebody's precious data to troll but they are getting paid to do it....
Basically I like this data a lot but I'd feel better if somebody dreamed up a decent way to rebalance the system to keep the providers honest with minimal effort for the customers. We just need another dab of Clever to mold onto here, heh. :B
@_date: 2013-03-18 15:34:34
Bitcoin is both digital cash, and the decentralized payment network that enables it's use. Harder to counterfeit and easier to authenticate than Gold or US Dollars, and like Bittorrent or Gnutella it is peer to peer so any 2 people in the world can trade Bitcoin without relying on any central authority. It's volume is capped to 21 million BTC which defeats inflation making the value tend to grow over time, and the 11 million BTC we have today is worth half a billion dollars and growing.
@_date: 2013-01-07 21:27:39
Well, first of all, if we assume your cut-throat game theory prisoner's dilemma approach (which luckily doesn't hold in the real world, for reasons I can address later) then this point would become an unavoidable weakness to collusion:


There is no way for miners to easily confirm that they are still "a majority". Any miners who want to publicly say they are for threshold X, but then they covertly countercollude (or just enough of them do it) to covertly mine blocks at lower thresholds and publish those looking like new third parties, could undermine any weak majority quite suddenly and individually profit instead of supporting their newly unionized industry.
I don't think every rational actor has a realistic expectation to race all the way to the bottom though, I believe they have individual factors which lead them to aggregate, aided and abetted by human psychology by way of the cultural precept of "dignity".
I predict that miners will tend towards a formula such as "I need to earn XBTC per block in order to cover my expenses, including soft expenses like opportunity cost. XBTC - subsidy reward leaves YBTC transaction fees I need to rake in. Thus, I'm shutting the gear down until YBTC of fees are available to reap, and then I'll turn it back on."
One of the beauties of the mining lottery is that your revenue is a normal probability of your share of the rewards divided by your share of the hash rate per second you have your gear *actually switched on*. Shut your gear off, and you're maybe paying to amortize your capital and maybe paying for opportunity cost (or maybe you're [vanity address mining]( but you're not consuming electricity and you're not in danger of "winning" an anemic block. The instant you switch your gear on, you are convering electricity for an even money chance at getting the current block at it's current level of juiciness. :3
This means that when transaction volume is down, and thus the fees are down, individual blocks will slow to a lot longer than 10 minutes apiece. Once people start piling in or magnifying their txn rates, miners start switching on and the clock moves faster. You might even have web apps estimating a "suggested" txn rate for this time of day, to help keep things running smoothly.
Another factor is that all miners are liable to take on their own "change" threshold. Assuming we're nowhere near filling the blocks yet, it makes as much sense for a miner to throw away single satoshis as it does a hotel to turn away guests who are offering discarded bubblegum wrappers in exchange for a room. Yes, that room may go unoccupied otherwise, and yes a competitor of yours might score that bubblegum wrapper if you turn it away. It might be a whole tourbus full of bubblegum wrappers. But how many *million* wrappers would it take to surpass a change threshold whereby you can begin to register this as real money?
Zeno has the right idea, here. Infinite sums of infinitesimals do not necessarily diverge to infinity, nor do they converge onto princely sums of cash. They can easily converge into tree fiddy. A million txn supplicants (assuming your block could even hold that) each offering a satoshi are combined only worth a bitcent. Even if your expense is so close to zero that it's hard to measure, so is the revenue. Plus you're bloating the blockchain you'll have to maintain forever with these microtransactions, and you're setting a precident to harm your own dignity: you're advertising that you'll give out hotel rooms for gum wrappers rather than stand up for yourself and let them go unoccupied.
And look at the hotel industry? Most hotel rooms go unoccupied on most non-peak travel days in almost every country, yet hotels still set their own thresholds for what they'll accept to rent out a room at quite a bit higher than their combined costs for the room, just to keep some air in their combined margin. This does not benefit them in the ultra short term, they turn away handfuls of singles of profit every day they stick to these guns, but it does profit them individually in the long term. By maintaining the expectation that the price is X, they groom the market to bear that cost and maintain profits higher by hundreds of dollars every day than they would if they sold out to short term gains.
@_date: 2013-01-18 23:21:15


That's not quite fair. To be perfectly accurate, it's the mere scraps of paper which do nothing more than signify the decimal points and computer data. :/






I think more people need to learn to grok (as I have recently) that Money is nothing more nor less than the most easily bartered commodity. Using money *is* using barter, it's just that the currency acts as a backbone to the barter system so that you'll never be confused what commodity to settle things in by default. You'll scarcely ever find a commodity more universally accepted nor easier to transact than the money one.
That said, allowing the state to mint money (paper or electronic) with zero sacrifice is an immense and obvious conflict of interest. It's identical to agreeing to value any commodity for being scarce to the many while it's easily duplicated by the few. I think that Bitcoin promises to be a better Money (a better barter commodity) than state controlled and debase-able fiat. That's all. :3
@_date: 2013-02-09 02:16:15
If there is a netsplit, your coins are necessarily on both sides of it.
Just don't spend them foolishly on the "right" side, and you'll be fine. xD
@_date: 2013-07-26 04:49:21
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
Perhaps try instead.
@_date: 2013-05-16 01:36:39
Nods nods, that one I see. Thank you.
So how can we tell that it's malicious? Is there a file with a signature that we recognize, or if you run it in a certain kind of VM or safe environment you can observe it behaving negatively, or ..?
@_date: 2013-01-22 00:38:34
But not the same as (GH/s)*$ :O
@_date: 2013-03-05 21:11:25
Yip, as of Apr 2010 I'd made about 20 toys and gadgets and gesture packs that [I listed for sale]( there, and to this day people still purchase those to the tune of $30usd/month. Combined with my in-world needs being pretty humble, I haven't had to put money in for years now. ;3
When I make enough Lindens beyond my in-world expenses (primarily my land holdings but sometimes I buy stuff from other people too), I buy Bitcoin with via [VirWoX](
One project I am presently working on is an in-world QR display so that I can potentially sell items directly for Bitcoin and skip Lindens entirely! bwahaha ;3
@_date: 2013-02-18 06:12:57
I Ƀ BTC. &amp;
@_date: 2013-05-11 05:39:32
Please respect our community rules in the sidebar:


@_date: 2013-07-23 22:36:36
It is not completely useless against malware.
In most practical cases, when your computer gets infested with something crappy you can tell that something has happened or something is wrong. This realization has a fair chance of happening between point of infection and when you next want to spend coin. Then you correct it (backup wallet, reformat, for example).
No encryption? Your coins are gone at point of infection. Encryption? Your coins remain safe prior to your first spend, which gives you tons of time to wonder wtf your graphics card is maxed out 100% of the time these days, etc.
NOTE: Do not confuse this comment with an endorsement of storing a zillion BTC on an internet-connected PC where you also download warez, etc. I am doing nothing but comparing the attack surface between two different scenarios, neither of which are a particularly safe place to secure more than pocket change. If you take nothing else from this comment, it's that false senses of security come not from availability of encryption but from the premise that security is boolean and that you don't have to grok the working parts of it.
@_date: 2013-02-19 08:06:44


But the reason that matters is because "any other industry" has expenses which often make their energy expenses pale, and are in a position where accepting increased energy expenditure (and waste) to save on material waste or regulation or labor or advertising or any other things winds up being a profitable move.
I *do* think that booms in the bitcoin economy will increase it's bookkeeping power consumption, but not by a linear degree. The power is not used to "process" transactions in such a way that double the transactions double the power needed to process them .. instead, increases in the unit price of a single unit of Bitcoin do have a linear impact on incentive to accept more expense (much of which is electricity) to bookkeep. Then of course those increases in compute power stave off potential adversaries from trying to overwhelm and attack the network.
Luckily, some other variables mitigate even this relationship. First off, the reward halves roughly every 4 years, cutting into that fixed revenue equation we talked about before pretty brutally. The other factor is that the application of specialized hardware (like this year's ASIC offerings) will cause the amortized hardware costs of bookkeeping to grow until it eclipses what can be spent on raw electricity costs. The most efficient miners drive wasteful miners directly out of business, since they are all fighting for their share of a fixed revenue stream.
Compare with this, the Facebook data center located about 30 miles NW of me [pulls a good 1000 times as much power as today's entire Bitcoin mining network combined]( If all other things remain equal and Bitcoin rises to $28,000usd per unit, then a world full of bookkeepers will have budget to pull as much power as one building the size of a Costco in the middle of the high dessert.
@_date: 2013-11-11 20:48:54
Dorneyville Shopping Center? (I'm trying to streetview-perv the address, lol ;3 )
Edit: [here's the clearest streetview shot I could get]( assuming I'm in the right place to begin with.
@_date: 2013-04-04 07:20:52
Just to make you question your already shaky grasp on a worldview a little. I guess. x3
@_date: 2013-03-03 22:31:21
I know, you were playing devil's advocate but I'd just thought of a curious and simple counter to that so I figured I'd share. :B
@_date: 2013-02-13 04:24:10
The fastest way to take advantage of that is to keep the money you know you'll be cashing back in again with at an exchange denominated as USD (or whichever fiat). The process of physically getting money between you and an exchange is both expensive and slow.
Then the trick is to perform such speculative moves at some exchange you feel confident hosting your wealth at, that still has enough volume. MtGox volume is great, but I don't envy you disliking it's AML bullshit. ;3
@_date: 2013-02-07 02:03:55
1. Have buyer put BTC into escrow. Bitmit and Bitcoinary offer escrow services you can use.
2. deliver the code. Buyer is normally going to use it right away instead of holding onto it until later, for digital delivery codes.
3. On confirmation code is used and works (normally there's some easy way to confirm this), buyer releases escrow and you get paid. :3
@_date: 2013-11-08 23:30:22
Most popular X today happen to be Y,
Therefor by definition all real X must be Y in all possible circumstances.
Bro, do you even logic?
@_date: 2013-02-21 05:52:29
+tip 11 mbtc I'm on board for "verfify (now that it's no longer default) including a brief explanatory text". :3
@_date: 2013-05-26 06:48:48
First baby steps and first words are meant to be encouraged and celebrated by those who cherish said baby. Or else it may never reach said stage of development.
@_date: 2013-03-18 15:12:18
I always wondered whether the Brian Armstrong from Coinbase was the same one who developed the Javacard API for the iButton.
But they don't look the same, the latter always had hair. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-11 18:21:09
It wasn't, OP is extrapolating based on past events that if we continued to follow the same pattern today it would grow to $55 before breaking and drop to $15.
@_date: 2013-05-21 23:12:52
@_date: 2013-02-14 11:32:21
They call that "tumbling" coins. Tumble properly and it won't be possible for blockchain analysis to determine where you got your coins from, even if you are under scrutiny for having withdrawn them.
@_date: 2013-04-15 21:44:55
Thank you Zeno, for illustrating that innovation is literally never possible because the newcomer will always start out with lower adoption rates than the incumbent.
@_date: 2013-01-11 05:37:59
Oy, also Coinbase [just upped their limits]( (more recently than your post here or my last reply to it; I might add!) from a paltry 7BTC per day to 100BTC buy and 1000BTC sell per day. 8I
@_date: 2013-01-29 02:26:02
Ya I figured, I'm just saying that in general it's pretty rad that people can be lazy and just pay people to [look things up for them]( because they can't personally be arsed. xD
I love me some reduced transactional friction. :D
@_date: 2013-01-18 04:59:08




So pricing your goods in whatever currency you choose for remaining stable will make your prices appear to fluctuate how, exactly? õ_o
Example: I'm going to sell suits. Instead of selling them for 100BTC which I'll have to adjust to 90BTC by tomorrow, or $1700usd which I'll have to adjust to $1800 in a few months, I'll just say it's 1oz of gold and leave it there forever.
@_date: 2013-06-29 00:03:48
Well, what have you learned or researched so far?
I think that  is a fine place to start, but I've no way of knowing if you've already read that or what bits you're having trouble wrapping your noddle around. :o
@_date: 2013-03-11 18:23:46
IMO, Bitcoin is a helium filled weather balloon. It will rise consistently and for the most part predictably until the pressure inside equalizes with the pressure outside, somewhere up in the clouds. Thermals and ephemeral forces will cause it to bob around in the meantime, but past performance shows this instability gradually lowers as a percentage of the base value over time. 
@_date: 2013-03-27 01:35:27
That said, I started by trying to use that feature, but handy as it might be it's also hella unreliable. I tend to get a lot of single-digit errors (eg, 30% failure rate), even though those later get rejected by the GUI for failing the standard Bitcoin address/private key checksum.
To that end, I've adopted [zbarcam]( as my go-to QR reader for Windows PC. Then I can pretty quickly just copypaste the address into BCI or anywhere, and to date over hundreds of scans I've never seen it give a reading off by a single digit.
The other advantage of this method is that I don't have to let flash use my webcam, and I exercise tighter control over what it's camming and recording. :J
@_date: 2013-02-07 05:51:33
That was 2-3 years ago, when BTC was worth less than a penny! xD
@_date: 2013-09-23 23:25:59
[How many of these cookies can you make per second]( :O
@_date: 2013-04-08 21:39:21
aka $0.37usd
@_date: 2013-07-09 21:59:49
Ya.. we had government programs during the portion of US history where the dollar was pegged to the Gold Standard, and when Gold itself was freely traded as money. The government still taxed it's citizens, we paid, and national parks flourished. I'm sure sidewalks would have too had they been invented yet.
Government will try to tell you today that taxation would be impossible unless every dollar owned by every pleb was stored safely in a bank where it can be traced and haircut at a moment's notice, but that's simply not true.
@_date: 2013-02-16 11:34:41
Well, first off when an exchange like Bitfloor is hacked, only people who host their bitcoin balances at the exchange are affected. Those who hold their coin safely in their wallets are not.
Secondly, the MtGox hack did not impact anyone's bitcoin balances, as the hacker merely tried trading everyone's coin to USD and then never got to withdraw the USD, and MtGox successfully froze the market and reversed all of the fraudulent trades. But again, if the hacker had been sharp enough to withdraw bitcoin instead of trading to USD it still would not have affected one satoshi stored on personal wallets.
What I love about bitcoin is it's orthogonality. Other Bitcoin users engaging in commerce I find offensive? Doesn't impact my holdings, or impinge on my ability to transact what I want to. Other Bitcoin users getting fleeced by scams? Still doesn't directly harm me. Other Bitcoin users using poor security practices, or surrendering their freedom to the  government, or actively working against the community's consensus? It *still* doesn't directly harm me. I'm beyond the reach of even their scrutiny.
Bitcoin allows everyone an amazing freedom, and that is the freedom to screw up without directly harming their neighbors. It's like you can experiment with nukes in a sardine-can apartment complex, and even if you blow yourself up in a 10 gigaton explosion, the force is perfectly contained to your apartment and the neighbors don't even get a noise level to drown out Matlock. That doesn't elevate dangerous experimentation to being a "good idea", but it does allow any person to choose whatever level of risk suits them without being tied down by how people who don't want to be involved might be affected. I think that's glorious. :O
@_date: 2013-01-25 01:54:50
From this perspective, Bitcoin is a commodity, pure and simple. It's also not far different from a stock.
When you buy some Apple Stock, put it in a vault, and just sit on it for your retirement, or even speculate in it people call that "investment". But where did your money go? What actual things are you doing that have a positive or negative impact on Apple, on it's industry or it's customers?
Well, it may not be intuitive to many people but what you are doing is sacrificing a portion of your personal wealth to obtain a piece of the thing. You are then holding onto that piece of the thing as though it represents that portion of your wealth. By holding onto it, you are tacitly "valuing" that piece of a thing, and by extension the whole pie of which your piece is just a fungible slice.
You are sending the message into the grander economy "I think this thing is worth more than other people are buying and selling it for right now" and "If you want to buy *my* piece of the thing, you have to pay me a higher price than the current market valuation".
Different people value the thing differently, and when the market value rises above their personal interest in continuing to hold onto it (or when their financial straights become desperate enough they are forced to cash out; just another way to shine light on the same event...) then they are communicating their evaluation of the thing through a sale.
By holding your piece of the thing, you make what's left that trades at today's market values more scarce. Doing that means people have to work harder to get more pieces, driving the price up. The more you hold, the more you drive the price up. Driving the price up drives up the value of all of the thing, raising the market cap and increasing how much commerce can be done with the currency. 
Some people are worried about "speculation" or "pure speculation", and it is right to call that a negative activity. If you do not care about the thing, or value it on it's merits, but just see a wavy graph and hope you can buy low and sell high, then you are not sending out consistent information about how you value the thing. The buys and sells you make do nothing but confuse the market, since you're basically just trying to outsmart entropy. This can lead to minor volatility.
Some people are concerned about too few people getting power over too much of the thing. They ask, "what happens if Scrooge MacDuck buys 90% of Bitcoins? Then you can't buy any to trade them any more!" but Bitcoins divide so deeply that we can run a global economy on only 10% or 1% or 0.1% of them. Next concern becomes "But Scrooge MacDuck could suddenly decide to sell them all off to the lowest bidder, and run the valuation into the shitter!" So he could, but he would be guaranteed to loose 10x more value than anybody else trying such nonsense, and we've never seen the like of it in other commodities markets. It does happen with stocks and with assets where control over much allows you to directly hurt the minority, like gaining control over a company and then casting majority votes which harm the other shareholders. But the Bitcoin Currency does not suffer from this problem. Holding 99.9% of the currency does not allow you to affect how the remaining 0.1% get traded one iota.
@_date: 2013-07-03 05:57:24
It's leetspeek, [here's a quick definition]( :3
@_date: 2013-02-09 01:52:48
*pokes at*
Cantor taught me about the countability of sets. So as long as we're performing arbitrary operations to numbers, such as multiplying them by sqrt(-1), why not also perform other operations such as adding ceil(x+.5) before multiplying by sqrt(-1)? Then every real number including 0 gets to map into the imaginary number space, and we even get imaginary numbers left over for our thriftiness. :B
EDIT: refined my equation to be more correct than first guess. :3
@_date: 2013-11-14 21:23:34
Well I don't see any value at all in holding a USD balance at Coinbase though.
* Whatever USD you put at coinbase, you can't use for any other purpose. So why would you not want that in an appreciating currency like BTC?
* I think holding both USD and BTC for you might change Coinbase regulatory status.
* Paypal does this all the time. They have a recurring payment system for example, and if your paypal balance is zero it will pull from your ACH or Debit automatically.
@_date: 2013-08-24 14:51:21
And... *why* exactly would dispensaries have to stop accepting cash? There is nothing stopping them, should they choose, from taking that cash and simply buying bitcoin locally.
Then it's on the heads of the Bitcoin traders to transport cash via armored car.. although admittedly less of it. If the dispensary chooses to offer discounts for bitcoin, passing along that sweet savings, then some cash customers can instead choose to buy bitcoin locally elsewhere in town while a majority could even just use coinbase.
@_date: 2013-01-18 02:57:14
Rofl, well that's good enough for me, then. xD
+tip 14FHqYSgAi39CEJksUJJsK8JzJzyqFpLVk 0.25btc
@_date: 2013-07-11 01:42:00
Autobots.. [roll out!](
@_date: 2013-09-13 03:23:39
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy.
You can try over at but otherwise we get too high of a volume of people at this subreddit who ask for donations and we're not equipped with any sort of mechanism to sort the genuine causes from the charlatans.
* youcaring.com is not a state-recognized charity, nor are any of the free accounts who can post to it
* Even if it were, any redditor could link to any cause there and post their own bitcoin address claiming to be a representative.
If your cause is genuine then I hope you can understand our position, and good luck.
@_date: 2013-03-23 21:54:10
I think LTC is basically a copycat with no infrastructure that you rely on BTC-e to trade back and forth to Bitcoins. It doesn't offer a single feature or merchant type that Bitcoin doesn't already have a hundred times the volume on.
You're welcome to cross-speculate the currencies, but it's a zero sum game: you can only make gains by doing so at other people's losses.
You can do the same thing playing Poker btw, perhaps you should hedge on a hand of Texas Hold-em. :3
@_date: 2013-04-30 10:09:24
This community is for news related to Bitcoin. Your article is not that.
Perhaps you should try posting it to or see if they downvote or remove spam?
@_date: 2013-03-13 10:35:43
None I am aware of.
It would be quite a chimera project too, a little bit like making a gaming console that plays Xbox 360 and PS3 games. Each currency involves maintaining a different blockchain with different rules and different peer networks, X times as many software sources to keep up to date with..
@_date: 2013-02-28 02:40:38
I saw a recent review saying that they bought successfully in Europe through bitcoinstore. Not sure if UK shipping is just not possible (have you tried it?) or if you prefer quicker delivery, but figured it's worth mentioning. :J
@_date: 2013-03-06 00:58:10
He did not pop on and say "Here I am, donating a lot of money". He popped on and said "Here I am, selling you something you want at a 45% discount and directing all proceeds to charity.. because I have an asset you want (Bitcoins) that the charities don't want because they don't perceive them valuble. Here is hoping my intervention gets each of you to think more highly of doing business with the other."
So in your mind, what criteria does this lack to meet either of the descriptors "selfless" or "inspirational"?
@_date: 2013-02-20 00:17:59
Yes, I think so. Although the actual "mixing" logic is superfluous to my goal, my primary concern being the "X users have signed an otherwise featureless transaction, such as donating to a charity, and therefor analyzers may easily confuse those X user addresses as belonging to the same person".
Outside of exotic spends like this, it is so overwhelmingly common that any addresses found in input of the same transaction are controlled by the same party that analyzers have been able to rely upon that "fact". I just want to start throwing some kinks in their analyses, to give some greater anonymity to people who choose to re-use addresses. Satoshi-dice players, blockchain.info wallet users, etc. :3
@_date: 2013-04-07 21:35:05
I know people who have fallen for phishing scams that can report to the contrary.
@_date: 2013-03-14 13:14:54
Rubber stamp from [the FAQ](






@_date: 2013-05-08 22:14:34
It's interesting how Sammy is excited about Bitcoin even though he does not fully grok the decentralization aspect. He parrots the benefits of decentralization without personally being able to vouch for those benefits, and when pressed he can't tell how reliable those benefits are because he doesn't understand "who" is promising them. :P
@_date: 2013-02-02 14:24:18
In my tests, from CC or Paypal to Bitcoin in your local wallet, all of the fees and spreads of using VirWoX average to about 6%. That's quite a bit, but still cheaper than 8%. :J
@_date: 2013-03-15 08:48:48
I'm sorry. From the sidebar:


I'm afraid it only makes sense to apply this logic to newbie questions as well, so I've had to remove this post. The proper forums to ask Litecoin related questions would be or I hope you understand, I don't wish ill to alt chains or anything, but we just don't want our community to become an advertising space for forks any more than Debian would want off-topic Ubuntu/Canonical enquiries all over their forums. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-21 23:02:16
Best dust attack I can think of is if you take all the balances in a list of addresses you control, publish one spend per address that splits the balance up evenly as far as you'd like, offering the lowest txn fee you can (possibly 1 satoshi). Wait for them all to confirm, optionally wait for them to become "old money" and then just repeat the process until you have millions of addresses with 1 satoshi in each one bloating the chain.
I'm curious what time/expense curves such an attack would have though, hmm.
@_date: 2013-04-28 11:35:14
Well, UI features are most commonly handled by overlays like [Reddit Enhancement Suite]( Which, incidentally, are ironing out the bugs for their own enhanced user support for bitcointipbot as we speak.
UI features are also often handled by Greasemonkey scripts, so until RES irons out their bugs you can also try installing [the greasemonkey script]( they are basing their initial offering on. :3
@_date: 2013-04-28 07:01:51
Haters gonna inflate. :J
@_date: 2013-06-30 01:16:12
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* No referral links in submissions.
In addition, [the existance of bitvegas]( is not exactly news to this sub. :P
@_date: 2013-04-08 03:59:35
* No begging.
@_date: 2013-07-31 22:17:31
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* No referral links in submissions.
@_date: 2013-01-29 22:04:13
Well yes, while buying a house requires 1/1000th ownership over the entire market cap. But I'm saying when the value of a house comes in line with a *single* BTC. 
Once the market cap is that big, it highly suggests that the currency would have felt a greater adoption. :D
@_date: 2013-02-27 00:42:27
[These journalists]( just got done listing Bitcoin in their "Wired/Tired/Expired" review as expired 2 months ago.
@_date: 2013-03-04 23:17:08
Alright, so my assumption that you're going to spend all of your USD doesn't make any sense, but your next statement exhorts us to spend all our USD.  I am not attempting to mess with you or anything, you probably have a fine point if I can grasp it, but I'm simply not tracking your meaning at present.
My point is that you can only spend so much USD and scrimp so much BTC until you run out of USD to spend and BTC to scrimp. At that point, spending the BTC becomes inevitable because you've run out of available balances in less beneficial currencies to divest.
@_date: 2013-03-02 02:03:07
1&gt; paying $4.5million USD to buy BTC at an average of $65/BTC and driving the price up to $300/BTC instantly increases your investment to $20.7million USD worth of coin. You may even build market inertia which would further inflate your earnings, as raising the market cap to 3 billion USD attracts new businesses into the space.
2&gt; Avalon just got done selling $1.35million USD worth of mining gear, of which only 3 units have yet demonstrably shipped. The process of actually acquiring these ASICs has so far been painfully slow and fraught with buyer risk. A month ago you could have preordered from bASIC, then they tanked. Over the last several months you can have invested in BFL, which to this day 5 months after their shipping deadline is still vapor.
A 600% increase in hashrate is nothing: if 180terahash of SHA-256 brute forcing power were ever *available* for $4.5million USD, you would have to wait in line or outbid at auction quite a heavy load of demand just to secure it. If the supply was loosened and Best buy stocked avalon ASICs on the shelf tomorrow, hashrate would sail into the petahash range within a week.
It's not expense that keeps the hashrate where it is it's availability.
@_date: 2013-03-11 16:54:25
The most direct danger to the precious metals markets is not deep space mining (both an expensive process and one far off enough into the future to not matter to any investor who can sell before the market locks on such changes) but naked short selling.
Precious metals cannot be traded in their native, supply-limited form. They can only be traded as certificates — digital certificates backed by third parties — and that means those certificates are not supply limited. Any business can trade more certificates than they back in PM (fractional reserve) and flood the market in an asset that trades identically to PM, lowering the price. Few people ever call in those certificates because, again, PM is expensive to transport and to store.
Bitcoin is inexpensive to transmit and store and easy to authenticate in it's native form, so it will never be less liquid than a certificate and is thus resistant to both naked short selling and fractional reserve banking. Thus it's supply is limited in a way that the conventional PM market can never be.
@_date: 2013-08-29 11:14:27
Why do I even have to try it? The website's [right there]( why don't you try it and show me a counterexample?
Current bitstamp rate: $118.60
$2,000 Amazon gift card (that's the largest denomination they offer): $2,000usd / 16.8660BTC = $118.58
That is 0.015% difference.
You have not clarified, but whatever you've "seen" several times, were you comparing against Bitstamp market rate or MtGox? Show your work, child.
@_date: 2013-06-20 19:27:27
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
@_date: 2013-07-14 22:42:22
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
To facilitate trades, I recommend [BitMit]( [Localbitcoins]( (name not relevant; they support and escrow for arbitrary non-local trades as well!) and Freenode 
@_date: 2013-03-17 23:46:29
To be fair, Bitcoin was designed to be at least a little bit of a profit train, insofar as early adoption and support motivates enriching the environment. 
It was not designed *just* to be a profit train, but as any other capitalist venture it was designed to at least compensate those who take the risk and do the work to power the train forward.
@_date: 2013-08-02 01:03:39
It says it is in the sidebar. What are you, Epimenides?
@_date: 2013-04-10 05:38:26
Sounds exciting, now let them know in :/
@_date: 2013-09-03 22:39:34
Yeah, I don't know anybody who would use an RNG to solve that problem. Like you suggest, I would either put a machine ID in one byte or else reserve a few bits. Perhaps even introduce noise into the block itself to represent a machine_id.
Perhaps differing wallet addresses per machine (especially helpful if you pick wallet addresses off of a deterministic wallet, and don't want folks to track all your mining to the same address!) perhaps add a small, phantom transaction that's slightly different for each miner and never gets broadcast, so only becomes real on block solution. Tons of ways. :3
@_date: 2013-06-15 02:06:52


To be clear, this is just an SD card inside of a hollowed out nickel. You can put any computer files you please on the SD card, including passphrased wallets or [SSSS]( m-of-n encrypted private keys. Anything. :J
@_date: 2013-07-18 21:07:01
Perhaps not Chipotle, but Chili's, Burger King and Regal Cinemas/Fandango are some of the national chains that you can purchase gift cards for with bitcoin directly over your smart phone at point of sale using [Gyft](
Dozens of local restaurants and merchants at various locations accept Bitcoin directly, as well. They're not in my area yet, but I'm told [Foodler]( accepts bitcoin.
6-8 confirmations is a bit overkill for the small purchase price of a meal. Most point of sale places work on 0-conf, which while far from perfectly secure is still a lot more expensive of an attack to mount in person than simple credit card chargeback fraud. So the merchants basically already account for that expected loss. For bigger purchases, yea you can hang out for a confirmation or two or pre-pay into escrow.
Most merchants use merchant processing services like [Bitpay]( to handle their invoicing, pricing, shield themselves from risk, etc. So you don't have to be a bitcoin expert and you don't even have to keep bitcoin (bitpay will optionally liquidate revenue to USD and automatically batch-deposit to your bank account daily) in order to accept it as a merchant. :3
@_date: 2013-02-16 13:21:27
oh, okay. But I don't see how the purpose of buying into the BTC is easily documentable or provable, so anyone could claim it was a bad investment when really some product they wanted to buy simply fell through?
@_date: 2013-05-20 02:32:39
Please observe the community rules in our sidebar:
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
I'd recommend or .
@_date: 2013-02-25 03:08:43
Money doesn't enter into it. The risks are in moving wealth of any kind without documenting what you are doing for the benefit of the state. 
@_date: 2013-03-02 00:31:29
Yep, it's basically "a job for your computer" on par with folding and seti except you actually get paid. The human's responsibility ends at setting up and configuring the mining software, and managing everything to make sure you're making more revenue than you're losing in expense.
Another way to look at it is it's a process to exchange kilowatt hours of electricity directly for Bitcoins through your computer hardware (limited by your computer's own hash power and power consumption properties), and you are profiting (with one computer/GPU combo, profiting very very slowly) whenever that can give you a better deal on bitcoins than just buying them outright. :3
@_date: 2013-06-15 23:01:52
Well, this isn't word of God or anything, but..
A&gt; Yes, they had to credit check me and my wife before the last time they let us open a checking account, and based on the check they made decisions like whether we'd get free checking or whether we'd have to pay for checking, and other draconian sounding things. :O
B&gt; if there wasn't a credit check then why else would 10% of people not have accounts and prefer prepaid debit?
@_date: 2013-02-12 00:30:50
Have you looked at [Coinbase]( Merhcant Tools, or [Paysius](
@_date: 2013-04-22 21:12:29
News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news.
@_date: 2013-02-01 01:48:01
There will never be post-scarcity. Some dimension will always remain the most scarce dimension and that one will need to be apportioned. That could be time, entertainment, maintenance, social status, real estate, energy, you name it. Just because you get a guaranteed lifestyle does not mean that people will not still compete.
@_date: 2013-07-05 05:00:43
Already posted. :3 
@_date: 2013-02-02 14:54:19
I'll keep adding to this list. :D
In addition to laws, I'll add in popular moral contraversies, where a person wishes to financially participate in something without otherwise endangering their reputation.
* Playing games of chance online when you live in the United States
* Paying for anonymizing network services such as VPN, private hosting, Wordpress blogs, and without having to even disclose your identity *to* the provider. :P
* Donating to or doing business with political organizations without having to associate your name with their cause. Thus disgruntled employees or hackers cannot learn your association and threaten your real life reputation with blackmail.
* Engaging in commerce of a sexually explicit nature in our prudish culture. Buying toys online, engaging performers online at cam4btc etc. Technically all-out prostitution could also be practicable here — it just doesn't appear to be popular yet from what I've seen.
* Protecting yourself from Identity Theft. The very data that third party processors require from you (credit card number, bank account number, fullname, phone, address, SSN, mother's maiden name) can also be used to impersonate you and falsify identification to the next party; should your data be either abused or leaked.
The foundation, as always, is that privacy is not important for it's potential to protect the corrupt individual from just oversight. It is important to protect the just individual from corrupt oversight.
@_date: 2013-01-16 01:19:41
Good summary, good chart. Thank you, sir. :3
@_date: 2013-07-16 08:01:02
First point, do be aware that we have the following community rule listed in the sidebar for a fair reason:
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
But we are allowing this question/post because it's not "mostly" about another cryptocurrency. It's a matter worth discussing every now and again given that many people honestly don't know much about the relationship between Bitcoin and it's many source code clones.
My personal view is that this question is similar to "is there any benefit to accepting beanie babies in addition to Bitcoin?", it's entirely subjective. If you really, really enjoy beanie babies and/or if you're particularly skilled in trading those in turn for goods and services, then by all means. Knock yourself out. Every person should have every freedom to decide what currencies or commodities to trade. But there is no property inherent to Bitcoin which confers any special value to Litecoin in contrast. It's just as unrelated as beanie babies. :J
Litecoin was created by a different set of developers from Bitcoin. It is derived from the same codebase, though it has two feature changes which IMO are insignificant. Every market shock which Bitcoin has felt over the last year [has been copied by Litecoin]( demonstrating that it completely ineffective as an investment hedge. It's community is not as broad and the currency is not as widely adopted as Bitcoin (which, let's be honest, is saying something..). They're [wiki service directory]( appears to list about 50 places that deal in Litecoin, only 9 of which offer physical goods, the rest being electronically delivered services and gambling.
In short, I feel that Litecoin doesn't bring a thing to the party that Bitcoin isn't already providing. People who find their own reasons to support that community are well positioned to take up the flag, and I'll salute them for doing as they believe. If people who know nothing of Litecoin wanted my simple advise on whether or not to meddle in it, I would advise "no". If they want my detailed advise, then I'd offer a post like this one so as to offer all the illumination I can that they may decide for themselves.
But I would not wish that the unenlightened should expect that Bitcoin and Litecoin are offered by the same people, that Bitcoin developers endorse Litecoin, that Litecoin fills in any important coverage gaps that Bitcoin somehow doesn't, that it's a valuable investment hedge, or anything along those lines.
@_date: 2013-03-04 23:28:19
ACH transfers are quite a lot harder for fraudulent buyers to perform a chargeback on, and the merchant selling bitcoins has a lot more recourse with the bank to contest buyer fraud than they do when the buyer uses VISA or Paypal. VISA and Paypal — at least passively, for now — view Bitcoin as a competitive ecosystem and are not going to help customers settle disputes when purchasing it.
@_date: 2013-02-24 08:03:51
The price I will cash out is the price where USD has thoroughly become a better store of my wealth than Bitcoin. EG, $NaNusd/btc.
Instead, I spend bitcoin when I encounter circumstances where I need a good or service more than the matching amount of coin (which is often given that I value enriching the marketplace and trying new things) and for some purchases that inevitably involves buying enough USD to pay a vendor who doesn't accept Bitcoin. This happens all the time because my household, like every household, has expenses. :P
@_date: 2013-06-09 16:50:03
Nothing received. 
It's also noteworthy that your comment replies are not giving me orangereds, just showing up in the spam filter (which I use a third party tool to notice new material in ;3).
@_date: 2013-06-01 16:06:43
We're not Bitstamp's keepers, or anything. If you note in the sidebar, submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere. I'm letting this post stay because it's not impossible you'll get much practical help here, just relatively unlikely due to how few of us have any experience with a foreign crypto.
I recommend crossposting to and of course contact bitstamp support.
Best of luck. :3
@_date: 2013-03-06 14:20:37
Yes, you can always a lot of things. You don't always even have to do that to resist tracking. My point is that some people think "the blockchain is public" means that the *identities* of every person and the exact amounts transacted are public. They think that you have to work to obscure your identity (on par with putting a false name on a prepaid debit card) to be anything less than functionally anonymous.
They don't realize that:
* Your address cannot be tied to your identity unless that information is explicitly leaked out of band.
* Your IP can do this sometimes if you don't use tor, but just as frequently this becomes a red herring since those who gather IP data realtime have no definitive way to tell a source IP from a relay IP in the Bitcoin node network.
* The reference software automatically creates a completely fresh new address for you for each transaction
* The amount is not always clear thanks to the mechanics of change addresses; attacker must determine which address/amount you're actually spending to and which is just change flowing back into a fresh address in your wallet.
* The person you transact with enjoys all the same protections, adding a layer to the difficulty in tracing *your* spending habits as well as their own.
Going to added lengths to cover your tracks is great, but it only builds upon further obscuring this water which is already quite muddy right out of the gate. Most people don't appreciate the unenviable challenge of tracking the bitcoin transaction behaviors of people who go to *zero* effort to hide themselves, let alone those who take positive steps to be evasive! ;D
@_date: 2013-04-07 21:32:51
weak hands to strong! &lt;3
@_date: 2013-02-22 02:17:20
Well, recipient doesn't "have to" anything. The point is that there are a proliferation of ways to buy Bitcoin for local currency, or sell Bitcoin for local currency in the form that you want, and you don't have to care where the Bitcoin came from or where it's going to. You're not tied to the *other* party's choice of:
* Bank (or lack thereof)
* Currency
* Country
* Processing company
As for ACH, recipient can set up an account with Coinbase or Bitpay and then any Bitcoin you send them gets automatically ACH'ed to their bank. Again, behind the scenes. But if they want the funds *today*, you'll be stuck with Moneygram or Western Union if you can't go with "send bitcoin, recipient trades locally, cash in hand same day", which is fathoms cheaper. Furthermore, a growing list of businesses are trading bitcoin right at their storefronts and Bitcoin ATMs are being designed and built as we speak. You'll never get same day bank service without the use of an ATM. :P
@_date: 2013-01-03 01:43:23


That chance increases in much the same way as the chance a blade of grass could touch the moon increases every micrometer it grows.
If somebody steals your bitcoin, by breaching your security or scamming you, then our current legal framework and forensic science has no credible way of recovering it for you. FDIC cannot steal bitcoin from other people via inflation to recoup your loss. Police cannot (outside the separate concern of "will not") invade other people's private holdings or transactions in order to trace where they went in order to re-unite you to them.
So in short, Bitcoin is a poor choice for people who are not confident in their own information security skills. It is "real money" much like Gold, which is a bad choice for those who are not confident in their physical security skills. Physical vaults and offline wallets alike are expensive, require discipline, and can be inconvenient! xD
In comparison, fiat money can always be recovered via chargeback after fraudulent credit card transactions, or recouped via FDIC after a bank robbery, because that asset never actually belonged to you in the first place and thus you never had the power to irretrievably lose it. It's similar to toys fought over by children which can always be re-allocated by the parents who actually run the place in order to settle disputes. "Give Tommy back his racecar before I count to three!" but it never was *really* Tommy's racecar, it belongs to the parents.
Not everyone is responsible enough to "own" an asset so powerfully that even the government cannot claw it back from you, but on the other side of that coin, no force can claw it back from the thieves who trick you out of it either. But I tip my hat to you for at least giving it a go, and may a multitude of new applications and demonstrations of the versatility of this kind of money unfold before us as time marches on. :3
@_date: 2013-03-12 20:32:34
And since we live in a democracy, that majority doesn't vote. ;D
@_date: 2013-08-01 12:58:18
But what you are suggesting — quoting Bitstamp prices and selling the coins on Gox — is simply arbitrage. Were this going on, by Coinbase or by any other players with $100k to shovel back and forth, then the market rates would have already equilibrated. The bare fact that the market rates are not in equilibrium is proof that arbitrage is not happening: Coinbase is not withdrawing USD from MtGox.
Wire fees may not be a disincentive at $100k levels, but trusting that MtGox and their banking partners will successfully complete the wire still is. 
@_date: 2013-03-30 14:40:22


And if your changes aren't that groundbreaking, then why should the developers be forced to include them? Especially without testing and without regard to network health, as trollburger was explicitly demanding?
For every minor change one forum user wants, I guarantee a hundred other people want a hundred incompatible changes too, including "specifically NOT what that first guy wanted, never do EXACTLY THAT". What grants Trollburger the mandate to decide what changes with underwhelming benefits and probable death to the network get included?
But you know what would guarantee lots of usage for your modded client? Hack it badly into the code for the linux kernel, make sure it won't even compile maybe, and then start calling Linus Torvalds a nanny until he pulls it into Linux mainline and performs all the work needed to make it actually function at the heart of the world's most popular open source operating system.
They get more downloads than we do, so by definition you're barking up the wrong tree here.
@_date: 2013-04-24 05:53:30
You forgot to divide by laughter and carry the square root of pumpkin pie.
@_date: 2013-04-04 06:47:44
Well, you interact by sending commands to the Bitcointip bot via PM.
First you want to [ACCEPT](/message/compose?to=bitcointip&amp;subject=Accept%20Pending%20Transactions&amp;message=ACCEPT) the tip. Then you want to send the bot a command like:
    (plus)tip (your multibit wallet address) all
substitute a + for (plus), because I don't want to actually invoke the bot while telling you about it.. ;D  and substitute the address in the other part. "all" is a keyword that means to sweep everything from the tip wallet. Note: Tip wallet will eat part of that as the miners' transaction fee, I forget if 0.005 or 0.001btc.
In other news, goodness gracious man, thank you for the goldies. :D
@_date: 2013-06-13 21:20:25




You are misapprehending me pretty badly on this point. I am, in fact, talking about generic notary. To my knowledge, notary does not change in value or in the amount you will be charged for the service significantly based on the content of the message being notarized. If I walk up to a notary of the public, I could hand him the founding articles of a multibillion dollar trust fund, or I could hand him a sheet of paper full of gibberish, he will still charge me the same amount of real currency to perform the same service of attesting to the fact that I signed the document on the exact date and time I say that I did.
The notary *literally cannot* know the potential value of the content he is notarizing, he just provides his service and moves along. He may stand in court later (or whatever that mechanism is) to testify under oath to the legitimacy of the signing he notarized, because that's part of the package. The value of the service he provides is completely disconnected from the value of the article he is notarizing.
The foundation of Bitcoin is a notarizing system. It notarizes a very narrow band of documents, which I've already lampshaded as having "value" that had not yet been proven that early in the argument. But it does so with a power no other notary system previously designed has ever been able to match. Namely, it solves the [Byzantine generals' problem](
This establishes BTC as a digital token with specific properties. No other token or commodity in the past has ever had these properties. You ask "And you want BTC because?" and those properties become that justification. Because it is a token which can be secured via information security instead of physical security alone. Because, if the owner chooses, it can be held by no authority but the owner at one moment and transferred directly into the control of a recipient, with no intervening authority involved the very next moment, straight across the planet.
Gold cannot do this because it is a token which is expensive to transport and to secure (especially en route). Fiat cannot do this because you have to entrust it to third parties en route, and those in turn may choose to steal the currency or invade your privacy or expose you to identity theft or allow the wrong third party access to your currency or selectively discriminate which parties under what circumstances are even allowed to transmit their fiat.
"How to price a BTC over time" is a different argument than "what would possess any person to participate in this payment mechanism in the first place", and for your sake I do recommend clarifying which of these you're challenging with any given jab. :J  My above paragraphs defend that second point, incidentally.


I'll bet you could, but I never mentioned price fixing. Friends could also trade other commodity tokens to settle debts. Used watches, video game cartridges, bricks of fruitcake. These can function to settle debts in leui of currency even if their value fluctuates less predictably over time than price-fixed tokens.
Of course, Bitcoin offers properties none of these other commodity tokens offer. Trade numbers in a ledger with friends? Have to trust whoever is acting as bank; who also has to be ubiquitously available. Gold nuggets? Everyone has to become expert appraisers to defend against the joker who keeps trying to introduce pyrite or plated tungsten into the system. AND you have to carry around gold nuggets, defend yourself from muggers, etc.
Bitcoin? Well, in the simplest case internet access must be ubiquitous, but for ancillary reasons this is becoming more and more true every day already. No central corruptible authority required to either authenticate transactions, or check balances, or transmit transactions across distance.
This still only speaks to "why would you want to participate" and doesn't yet touch "how can you price BTC".


And I'm not. I am not justifying the value of bitcoin based on the sacrifice required to mint it. I am justifying the ability to *price* bitcoin based on the existence of at least one guaranteed avenue of demand. 
You *can* sell your BTC at any of dozens of exchanges and clearing houses. You *can* purchase goods at Bitcoinstore or Silk Road, or any of hundreds of merchants who accept BTC for their own reasons (political or fee related or anonymity or security, etc) These are all nice but fail to define a floor pricing demand: something that clarifies why 1 BTC should be $0.01usd or $100,000usd, for example.
Paying miners to perform the static value, predictable cost work of notarizing the transactions of everyone interested in *participating* in the system winds up being the stem this fruit clings to the tree from. It costs a predictable amount of electricity and hardware to perform that service, so future-looking market analysts can know how much the miners *will* need to be compensated, how much transactors *will* demand to have their transactions secured, and measure where that real world value and BTC denominated fee meet in the middle. 
So that's many paragraphs describing why the payment mechanism has value and why people will expend effort to participate in it in general, and then one final closing paragraph describing how that slippery unit of account in the middle will inevitably be pegged to other real world commodities and priced.
@_date: 2013-02-23 00:36:23
I log in, go to Deposit &gt; Cash, and it has me mark three check boxes about reading the instructions, about certifying that the deposit belongs to me, and then thelast one reads:
"I acknowledge that I will provide a copy of my government ID if required."
As to the bit about being higher than MtGox, meh. When the spreads are off, that just means you've got incentive to arbitrage! xD
@_date: 2013-02-20 17:08:25
I am amazed this post had 11 comments without the phrase "market cap" happening once.
There only exist 21 million Bitcoins (eventually). Our current market cap is only $325 million, which is defined by (or causally linked to) the unit price, since the supply is inflexible. You can't do large trades in Bitcoin without a larger market cap, and users cannot hold large balances of wealth in bitcoin without a larger market cap. Market cap can't rise without a directly correlated rise in unit price.
@_date: 2013-05-01 03:47:17
I dunno, I just know that The Central Beurocracy doesn't concern themselves with practicality, just with discouraging people from being productive when it cuts into their existing profit models. :J
@_date: 2013-04-10 06:28:21
No, the problem is that everybody thinks you have to ground your "investment" dividends against USD.
Screw that, buy the things that you need with bitcoin dividends. Pay for people to do work for you. Skip fiat entirely, stow fiat savings and revenue streams off to the side as your fallback position (and make sure it stays strong enough to support you, of course) but find ways to make your Bitcoin dividends and revenue (that's right, figure out ways to get new BTC without fiat, too...) your new primary currency.
@_date: 2013-01-08 18:29:39
Be aware the fees on BitInstant are pretty steep. They charge 3.99%, and then ZipZap/Moneygram charges $3.95. For amounts ~$50 that's about a 12% loss.
If you want to do a cash deposit, and have a Chase branch handy, I urge you to at least consider [BitMe]( with fees about 20 times cheaper and every bit as convenient, anonymous and fast. :3
@_date: 2013-02-20 19:41:34
I've got 4 0.8.0 nodes online now, replacing all my older nodes. sir! 8I
@_date: 2013-09-11 00:12:56
1. bitcoind is non-gui, it's just not ncurses.
2. you guys are probably just arguing mixed points. Your first post made it sound like "I hope they never create a GUI" when you probably meant "I hope they retain ncurses as an option".
@_date: 2013-03-03 11:48:41
Who controls cash?
I give somebody a peice of paper with a dead president's face on it. Everyone is accustomed to both it's value and how to basically authenticate it, deal is done with no third party involved. :J
@_date: 2013-06-29 02:51:57
Yeah, that's the best way to do it. It's not like Flattr is sending people a kazillion paypal transactions for every button click or anything. Just make "bitcoin" a payment option as well as a payout option, backend currency conversions powered by Coinbase or similar. Done and dusted. :D
@_date: 2013-04-30 21:57:37


[You don't have to argue that to me]( I just normally don't even see which articles might require intervention until they've gotten a report or two so you're liable to see off-topic material slip by every now and then.
My primary job is holding back the ~4000 per day unique-submitter spam leading people through url shortners, through spam in other less moderated subs, etc to malware/spam sites bitswing or bitcointalks or mtgix.
And then every mention of an alt currency winds up turning into [this]( Trolls love to "ask questions" about the altchains or play stupid just to drag people into their pump and dump. Back when our rule was the more elegant "If it doesn't have the word 'bitcoin' in it, it's probably not relevant", this would rule out most spam except the alt spam because they see us as popular enough to mention — or even bash just to ride on our coat tails. So we had to rule them out explicitly.
Our position is that Bitcoin is more than simply a tarball of code. It's an ecosystem of services and merchants and miners and support software, websites, exchanges, and people working together to refine our offerings still further. We're also a grass-roots public relations campaign to introduce this financial ecosystem into the larger world.
Alt chains are also not simply a patch to that tarball of code, they are separate ecosystems of people with their own agendas who for varying reasons feel that their patch is so meaningful and powerful that all of the work that we do exists for no reason other than as a shortcut for them to achieve recognition.
The most important difference brought by their patch is basically never going to be 2.5 minutes per conf instead of 10 (and the ~16x soft forks that guarantees) or scrypt vs aes mining, it's going to be "This variant is best because I got to be an early adopter. Invest in my coin instead of the one that actually took the risks to blaze new trails because I want to get wealthy from a technology after it's already been field tested by other people. And if you don't give me equal time to advertise my pet project by pretending to compare it to the base code that I barely altered, then that's just discriminatory."
Debian forum administrators don't have to put up with constant "Hey, did you know that Ubuntu is better than Debian in feature X because that's the whole reason we forked?" every 10 minutes, either. It's spam and they remove it. KDE boards don't have to allow "polite conversation" on their boards about how much Gnome fans love Gnome, or how there's so much room for both desktops in the market, or how KDE users aren't spending enough gnome time gnome thinking about gnome.
Removing posts doesn't mean there's not room in the market for a competing idea, it just means there's not room within the rules of this community for it. It is still a *competing* idea: it must stand on it's own merits *before* it makes sense for our community to recognize; not require our constant fawning to keep from boiling off.
So if you love Litecoin, then go build it's infrastructure with your own two hands. Build your own PR campaign without our support, to prove you don't need to climb our backs just to get somewhere. Get it recognized on it's own merits until you're talked about enough *outside* of our community that we have a reason to discuss how we may or may not be related to you. Because as it stands there is nothing to discuss. Comparing code base doesn't matter when you have built no viable community to speak of.
Until then you're doing nothing but acting as a parasite on ours.
@_date: 2013-01-25 02:31:05
Lol, just last week $16 was "zomg bubble, it's even higher than the last bubble!" xD
Now it's where we bottom out?
@_date: 2013-03-11 22:53:50
I think we've reached our quota of "litecoin just jumped in value" articles for today. Especially since this one has zero content.
@_date: 2013-11-08 23:11:05
Alright, so what if people are not cashing out to USD, but instead buying electronics from Bitcoinstore or books from Bitcoinin or cashing out to gift cards at Gyft, eGifter or Giftcardzen? You realize that I can buy my gas and grocieries with those gift cards, right?
Those do all price their goods in USD but it wouldn't matter if they priced in euro or ounces of gold, as Bitcoin gains in value you can buy more of *anything* with the bitcoin you hold.
Increased purchasing power is something to cheer.
@_date: 2013-05-01 01:14:01
Thank you for the understanding, and yes I am sorry for the language: saying "you" a lot when referring to altcoin advocates. I'll have plenty of chances to refine my delivery, though. ;3
+1 internets
@_date: 2013-02-15 12:57:42
I like cereal.
@_date: 2013-02-04 12:06:32
this :B
+flip .03BTC
(damn, now I want "+this" as a bittip bot command! xD)
@_date: 2013-08-02 20:37:04
Invoicing is a lot of hard work, yo. It pays to let somebody else do that for ya.
Also, going through a merchant provider allows them to tune the amount auto-sold to fiat like a spigot. As a merchant, this is a handy way to help balance the amount in each of your currency portfolios with the least amount of fees and effort.
@_date: 2013-07-22 02:46:31
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news.
@_date: 2013-01-06 21:33:26
More concisely, republicans love the freedom of wealthy, elderly ostensibly protestant men to manhandle and legislate the lives of everyone else.
@_date: 2013-09-10 23:43:59


requires a character set of 24.
@_date: 2013-02-19 19:24:58
Oh indeed, I'm basically just talking to the thumbnail grinning back at me. xD
In any event, I'm feeling pretty anxious about seeing that version number on bitcoin.org change, now. :3
@_date: 2013-02-19 07:08:22
a) I think Bitcoins ought to be worth over $1,000usd per unit once everybody is participating, but I don't have several billion dollars of credit to push the market cap that high. Nor if I did would the action of doing that today do much to net me profit. 
Paul Cézanne's "The Card Players" sold for $259million usd in 2011. If somebody in 1892 knew the future, and chose to purchase that painting at that time for an inflation-adjusted equivilent of $259million, how could they have profited from the purchase? It wasn't worth $259million then, and the person to whom it was worth that much hadn't been born yet. If the clairvoyant purchaser were to pass it down to their children they could never hope to do more than break even by selling it to today's owner in the 21st century. Who would cover the cost of uselessly freezing funds for over a hundred years in the interim?
b) The average person has to invest to obtain some bitcoin in order to use it to purchase or to remit, and their act of adding raindrops of demand against the fixed supply curve naturally alters the price of Bitcoin.
I see no reason that information about Bitcoin's potential should already be included in the spot price. I must be misunderstanding your thesis, because it sounds as though you are suggesting that time and mindshare have no impact on value and that stock prices for no company should ever fluctuate, that they should instead strike their true final value at IPO and never have reason to adjust again. :/
I would much appreciate being corrected as to what you really mean, thank you sir. :J
@_date: 2013-01-07 06:06:21
What sort of exchange rate are we looking at then? Do you lock in a price?
I don't want to lose out to shipping times just because of how badly these pesos are bound to inflate by the time that you gets them. T\^T
@_date: 2013-02-25 23:22:04
I'd like more intel on this point.
I know network speeds always seem to be the bottleneck, but in 2003 American residences were just passing the tipping point on transitioning from 56k dialup to 128-256k dsl. Now we average 5-10mbit. That's about a 40x increase, or 5+1/3 doubles per Moore's (modified constant) law.
@_date: 2013-01-27 00:33:22
It's not a crystal. It's just a deed for an imaginary property represented by the name "bitcoingem" and a shiny-looking illustration of a jewel. The incentive to own it is the supposition that another person will buy it from you and you and site owner will share the profits.
@_date: 2013-02-17 03:52:39
I want one :O
Or several :3
I guarantee I could put these all the fuck over MY town. xD
@_date: 2013-04-11 07:20:59


If you think I ever said anything of the sort, you'd better double check your logic parser. I said I would *not* rather hoard 1 BTC than receive an island. I went on to say, therefor, that my personal price evaluation of 1 BTC is greater than 0 (or milkshake) and less than 1 island.
That's a wide range. Are you telling me you don't think it's wise to be inside that range at all? õ_O
Bitcoin is a new phenomena and it's infrastructure is still growing. It's easy to spend Bitcoin, but it's still hard to deliver most kinds of products in exchange for it reliably multiplied by the small audience. That's the only real obstacle to it's velocity, not hoarding.
@_date: 2013-02-05 01:16:21
But the first difference is Paypal is just a company. Banning them is identical to forcing them out of business. Revoke their charter. That would leave you with "what to do about Skrill?" and "How to prevent another paypal copycat from filling the void?" however.
This raises the question, what motivation would the hypothetical call to action "ban paypal" have? Are you hypothetically trying to ban that name, or disable that specific company, or destroy the p2p payment industry to grant VISA and Mastercard a legally subsidized oligopoly, or jut flexing governmental muscle to bully private organizations?
Put simply, the use case of "ban Paypal" is nowhere near as clear cut as you make it out to be, and it's still a ton simpler than banning something as abstract as a communications protocol. 
Also, in case this is where you are arguing from, please do not confuse the government's relationship to the private sector with parents or school teachers scolding their children. Parents get to make up arbitrary rules on a whim, and I'm sure mercantile governments can sometimes get away with it to. "No candy before bedtime" is simple because parents get to define "candy" and "bedtime" on a case by case basis, and children have no say in the initial vetting of or appeal against the implementation of parental directives. But in the adult world, you can't pass a new law without public mandate (which at least involves selling the drooling masses on *some* kind of a cover story..), and you can't enforce it without public support, and you can't define it's parameters without the public putting more force than the government can bring to bare to redefine those parameters towards their own noisome and competitive ends, like arguing that whoever their competition is matches your parameters for "bitcoin" or "paypal" in order to force them out of business.


I don't understand you're point here, either. Are you suggesting that both Paypal and Bitcoin are superfluous in the face of VISA? Free market does not support superfluous business models, there is either demand for your service or you're not doing business. Demand both creates and maintains the industry, what you're suggesting makes as little sense to me as saying "ban comcast" will make everyone suddenly drop all cable and satellite providers in favor of broadcast television just because that's "tride and true", regardless of it being a barely related but disjoint industry. &amp; 
@_date: 2013-08-04 03:12:59
For the purposes of defending oneself against trolls, [Poe's Law]( applies. It doesn't matter if they're doing it for the lulz or because of hate: that's literally an unnecessary distinction. 
The only thing that is important is what they are doing, which is stirring shit and begging for attention. That must be starved. 
@_date: 2013-03-21 12:29:13
It's not a surcharge. It's a cash discount. :D
@_date: 2013-06-04 20:43:05
I expect it's like any funds drive. Keep the percentage low so that people who do that sort of thing panic and try to fund the meter. Then "pull through at the last moment" because it was all a big show to begin with, to try to drum up sales. ;3
@_date: 2013-06-02 10:10:52
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
@_date: 2013-02-07 11:57:09
On the off chance you're not being facetious, you are *literally* describing [The Gambler's Fallacy]( xD
+tip flip
@_date: 2013-02-04 09:30:30
To be fair, while an algo change might represent added expense to the attacker it would represent equal expense to our honest miners, thus neutralizing the effectiveness of that specific solution. :S
Luckily, [other counters to the 51% attack]( are quite practical. :D
@_date: 2013-04-26 12:41:03
Yes it was, and it was also spam. While I realize you meant no harm, I had to remove your post too. :P
@_date: 2013-10-31 16:21:36
I wonder what happens if you whip up a quick wax imprint of your palm to prevent any third party from collecting your irrevocable biometric data? 
@_date: 2013-08-15 00:03:05
A [hashing algorithm]( function is to crunch a piece of input data that may already be small or may be limitlessly large into a fixed size string for identification purposes. Hash functions are designed to avoid "collisions", meaning that you cannot tell what hash will come out from a given input data without doing all of the work to perform the hash. Once the work is done, you cannot tell what other input might give the same hash without a brute force search (performing the same complete hash function against every other input you want to try until a match is found).
This is helpful in signing messages. ECDSA is a popular signature algorithm (Bitcoin uses it for transactions, but not for mining) but it's somewhat slow to perform per byte of data. If I say "Hello" and then want to sign that in order to prove that my private key blesses the message, I can use ECDSA and the result will be quick because the message is short. But what if I want to sign a document that weighs a terabyte? It might take a supercomputer a week to complete that long of a signing operation, depending on the ECDSA key size.
So what we traditionally do is hash the input. The SHA-256 hashing algorithm has no known flaws today (and when flaws eventually slowly get discovered everyone including Bitcoin will start using stronger hashes), and always outputs a 256 byte unique hash even if the input was terabytes long. So you can sign the 256 byte hash, offer that along with the full original document and everyone will know that your private key, by signing the hash, may as well have signed the entire document.
SHA-256 is useful for a different reason in mining. Give SHA-256 a document, even a small one and nobody can know what the output will be until the complete hash is done. You can represent any 256-byte string as a huge integer, and nobody can even tell whether the huge integer output will be less than a given threshold until the hash is performed.
So bitcoin mining does precisely that. Take the document you want to sign (using proof of work instead of ECDSA), append a nonce, and hash it. Your goal is to get a hash result integer less than a threshold set by the network. The lower that limbo bar is, the harder your job is. Once you've performed one hash, the result was almost certainly too high so you have to try again with a new arbitrary nonce. Just changing one bit in the nonce (or in the document, as new transactions flow in on their own schedule) is enough to make a completely new and effectively random hash output come out. So every time you try, you have an evenly distributed tiny chance of making it under the limbo bar.
The threshold is maintained by the network so that the combined power of the entire mining world ought to output approximately one block per 10 minutes. More miners come on, threshold gets more difficult. Miners leave, threshold gets easier. Each miner tries to solve a block signing a document with a bunch of transactions they find valid *and that they gamble everyone on the network will also find valid*. The document they are signing by the sweat of their cpu also ratifies the most recent block they want to endorse, and must follow every rule if they expect the next randomly selected block finder to endorse them. If their block is badly formed (either by accident or malintent) and rejected by future miners, then the awarding of monetary rewards (newly minted coin + tx fees) go up in smoke as part of the rejected document: so the game is "follow the rules everyone in the world abides by or you will be worthlessly ignored and the party will rage on without skipping a beat; you just won't be in it".
It works out to a neat little self-reinforcing closed loop. It's like a gyrocopter: main prop not connected to any motor whatsoever, yet main prop is turned by horizontal wind so fast that it generates enough secondary vertical wind to reliably lift vehicle. Mechanically a zillion times simpler than a helicopter yet still insidiously effective.
@_date: 2013-02-19 01:09:46
Why not charge per viewer?
@_date: 2013-02-09 01:27:50
Another incentive to keeping it on the same blockchain is that starting a new blockchain exposes you to a unique 51% attack surface, whereas using the Bitcoin blockchain protects you under that same umbrella of the largest distributed computing effort in history.
Basically this is on par with asking whether a new network service should run only over dedicated fiber or whether it should be switched over the existing internet. All other concerns being equal, the incumbent infrastructure is always the superior choice and it would take a supermajority of direct benefits behind using the newcoming infrastructure to force the new software off of the established network.
@_date: 2013-06-01 17:36:33
Article is full of hyperbole. "bitcoin is no longer anonymous", "regulation can no longer be ignored" indeed.
That's only true at the level of individual businesses doing millions (or in LR's case, billions) of USD worth of traffic. For small amounts, nothing meaningful is stopping people from doing person to person trades under the table. 
all that government is doing is holding us to our promise as a "decentralized" currency. Grow a head, and they'll kindly cut that off for us. :P
@_date: 2013-07-17 21:10:55
Umm. OK.
You prolly should have reported the post you were commenting to, that way us mod folk can notice, and come in to clean things up. :3
Instead, it looks like *four* people reported your reply. (?)
I ain't even mad, it brought the cavalry in one way or another. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-15 20:20:03
Yeah, I like MK a lot but something was seriously tweaked about him during that video. It is too painful for me to actually view. xD
@_date: 2013-07-09 21:05:38
Plagiarism: 
@_date: 2013-02-01 00:57:12
This analysis fails to properly account for Cold storage wallets, ewallets, and change addresses.
@_date: 2013-02-11 07:18:07
I think he means Mursi. The guy who got elected president after the last revolution sparked by shutting down the Internet. :P
@_date: 2013-01-22 01:15:58
*Marginal supply has been cut in half.
@_date: 2013-11-22 02:01:51
TIL that a tortilla filled with lettuce is barely wholesome enough for some people. While we're at it, I hear that that oxygen you're breathing is full of LDL.. better cut back there, sport.
@_date: 2013-04-24 21:37:48
No, this is new. Standard, Botnet DDoS doesn't work in Tor because it's too viscous. Text reveals this is some kind of an exploit in the Tor network layer itself designed to hamper availability of hidden sites, and that's certainly a novel attack vector to me. 8I
@_date: 2013-02-07 04:54:15
Well, so far as "updates", the next update will be 7 days from now when the thing either clears or it doesn't, hehe. x3
@_date: 2013-01-21 23:21:47
Paypal'ers may also use [VirWoX]( mind you. :B
@_date: 2013-01-08 01:18:23
I think he means buying guns with cash in meatspace.
@_date: 2013-03-08 02:11:50
[according to yishan](


@_date: 2013-02-27 22:50:13
100% of MtGox' USD order book [already is]( under US regulation.
@_date: 2013-03-29 22:44:22
TIL above ground silver is actually rarer than gold due to higher production demand and lower recycling activity out of waste, and due to this combined with Silver's manipulated (depressed) trade value per oz, Bitcoin market cap may easily surpass Silver market cap within a year or two. 8I
@_date: 2013-03-04 23:49:21


I fail to see the profit in trading a sum X of inflationary fiat for Bitcoin, holding that coin during a short rally you've instigated and then reselling back into inflationary fiat for a marginally larger sum X+1-fees.
That's like saying you get higher by jumping momentarily off of the down escalator onto the up, riding upwards a few feet and then hopping back onto the down escalator several steps higher than the step you started on. Anyone who follows you on the first hop (the buy), but then just stays on the up escalator will be puzzled by your behavior as you vanish into the void below. :P
@_date: 2013-09-27 21:12:37
Sure, but can you recommend any methods to ban URL shortners?
We added as mod because he had that feature, and demonstrated that he was breathtakingly good at it (&lt;1 minute hit times). Unfortunately, the same day we mod him he breaks and hasn't been functioning a month since.
We've been running an automod bot for almost a year now, [and I recommended just this feature 6 months back](was not interested. Regardless of this, my records show this entry did get hit by automod. Next problem is automod's hitrate (even though we host this one individually) is about 15-30 minutes. This article was hit 15 minutes after it was posted.
Banning by domain doesn't help either, because shortners are a dime a trillion. This shorter (520.wf), for example, has been used 3 times in our sub, and just a glance at the mod log shows they've used over 20 different shortners in the past 24 hours.
We are always open to suggestions though, thank you for your input. :)
@_date: 2013-03-21 18:53:20
Oh we know all right, which is why we buy and hold. We just don't want to go on record saying anything like that or you'll make it our fault when you panic sell at a 20% price dip just to see the price jump back up 30% again immediately thereafter.
This market can be fast and volatile. If some unexpected event causes you loss (mismanaged wallet, failed speculation, paying money to someone not trustworthy, total market collapse, etc) you'll never see that segment of your portfolio again.
Bitcoin will be a million usd per coin some day, assuming that both Bitcoin and USD remain viable for long enough to see that inexorable end. The trick is only surviving the ride there.
@_date: 2013-01-19 04:23:22
Alright, so what's an open source ecowhozit? :3
@_date: 2013-04-21 06:48:21
ITT: people saying "eww, never, Bitcoin fluctuates too much!"
My solution: pay employees partly in BTC and partly in USD.
As long as you're being paid enough USD to cover your basic needs, you can handle the BTC side however you'd like. :3
@_date: 2013-04-06 09:40:04


In the middle of a recession, where both the taxes and the printing press combined can't keep up with medicare and social security, our backs against default and half of Europe already defaulting and actively plundering deposit accounts to remain solvent, and you're asking me if I don't think our economy is producing more inflation-adjusted wealth than we have since the early nineteen eighties?
In the mid-eighties my parents together earned 4 times less than I do alone, but could still afford to visit our family in the valley a dozen times a year and road trip from state to state once in a blue moon. I've nearly went bankrupt scheduling 3 trips for my family to the past 3 annual reunions straight, and only get to go twice this year due to (taxable) profits I've made from trading Bitcoin thus far. Half of my friends and family are out of work since 2008 and the other half are basically putting up with illegal working conditions just to hang onto the minimum wage jobs they've been lucky enough to lock into since then.
So no, frankly I don't believe the economy nor it's index in GDP have been quite this bad since I've been old enough to record pertinent measurements of it. Of course technology and thus scale have marched on to perform extravagant looking feats, and the dollar values of everything are soaring, but technology is supposed to make goods and services *cheaper*. It's *supposed* to allow grander feats on the same or lesser real GDP.
The fact that Moore's exponential law cannot keep up with inflation so that prices still increase should tell you something. The fact that other physical commodities like oil, sugar, and coffee remain closely correlated to gold (just another physical commodity), while technologically produced assets like electricity, food, and post get cheaper relative to physical commodities (as Moore's law demands they should) but income, trade and production also fall at a similar rate should tell you something.
You say that gold is a deflationary asset, but so are all physical commodities and so also is the cost of living and so should also be the output of labor. If you needed a bolt of fabric to fashion the clothes you wore last year, then you'll need the same sized bolt this year too and your wages had damned well better reflect that assuming you're performing the same amount and quality of work.
Technology should be making goods and services cheaper compared to income and thus should be reducing our labor liabilities over time. Can you honestly report that that's what happening? The wealthiest nation in the world during the most technologically advanced point in history can't afford basic health coverage or literacy-level education for it's citizens. We put men on the moon with no thought to ROI fifty years ago with pocket calculator technology by basically packing three thousand tons of rocket fuel into a vertical silo, and today we need private enterprise or Russian assistance just to get cargo into low earth orbit.
So yes I really do feel that total US production is at or near an all-time low. And that's very observant of you, this **is** an indication of rot.
@_date: 2013-05-07 08:48:33
I don't know if Bitpay has a rebilling feature, either.
For Bitcoin it sounds like the right approach is to accept payment for however much time the user wants to do today (1 month, two months, a year, 6.738 months, etc) and then email an invoice in advance of their subscription expiring.
Among the most common industries already thick in Bitcoin acceptance that also rely on the subscription model are VPN, VPS and hosting providers. I wonder what they do? I'm guessing they use a "popular shopping cart software" that automates subscriptions for you instead of relying on the payment processor to do that lifting. EG, not a shopping cart software at all since shopping cart suggests the aggregation of physical goods instead of subscriptions. ;3
I wish I could be better help, though. I know there must be tons of subscription-billing engines out there you could use, but I've never dealt with them directly before nor do I know any to recommend. D:
@_date: 2013-03-21 00:51:30
painful to listen to the guy, he should have rehearsed the dense talking points a time or two so he could sound more fluid and accurate reciting them. :J
@_date: 2013-08-30 06:00:22
Nobody knows why, really. Just check his comment history and try to find anywhere where he's not whining about something or treating other people abusively. :3
He runs loads of sockpuppets too. I don't know if thats because he keeps getting banned, or just enjoys talking to himself or if he's just got too much bile to spew comfortably out of one account at a time.
But them's the breaks.
@_date: 2013-05-31 00:49:31
[FastCash4Bitcoins]( allows you to sell bitcoin and rapidly receive USD at your own paypal account, from which you can pay this single merchant of which you speak. :3
@_date: 2013-02-28 07:35:41
There are a number of places you can look up the history. Where it exists is in the blockchain — which every full bitcoin node has — but that's formatted such that computers can read it easily instead of humans.
The two most popular ways to see the history of any address which has ever moved money (including yours) are [blockchain.info]( which I've just described, and [blockexplorer]( Each of them search through the blockchain for you and make all the data easier to read than bare binary machine code gook. :3
Just type your public address into the search field in either one of those  and it will take you to a full dossier of that address. If your PC has a webcam, and you install any freeware QR software (I'm partial to [ZBar]( for windows, myself) you could even scan the QR code and copy/paste that into the website. Just take care not to scan your private QR code! It's best to keep that one as secret as you can manage. No sense letting any eyes see it which don't need to, including electronic ones.
The QR code is of course just a computer-camera-friendly way of writing those addresses, any short text can be rendered and read back as a unique QR code. Even the text version of the address starting with a 1 is just a text-friendly rendering of the address. The address itself is just a very big number and that number's got fewer digits when you get to draft the upper and lower case alphabet to stand in. You know how hex versions of numbers are shorter than decimal, and binary are longer? Well the more digits you get to play with the shorter a number is, and these addresses and private keys get rendered in "base 58" which makes them about 30% shorter than even hexidecimal.
The reason your PC can know what's in that address even if your phone was where you inputed the private key is because the money itself is stored for you on the blockchain. It's a ledger, just like a bank book. The public key lets any computer or phone look up your balance and all the transaction history on that account through the publicly shared blockchain, but your private key is the secret code that lets you and only you actually spend from the balance.
The public and private keys are linked by math, so that people cannot learn the private key just by knowing the public key, but your computer or phone can use the private to "sign" a message, or scribble out a funny block of gook that nobody else can. Anyone with the public key (basically, your address) can easily prove the matching private key signed the gook, and thus that you endorse the message, but nobody else can actually accomplish it.
You sign and send messages just like that directing how your balance should be spent back out, and that's the basics of how the money works. There are more complex parts too, like how Bookkeeper nodes (some people call them miners) bundle spends together and notarize them into blocks to form the official, growing blockchain and prevent anyone from "double spending", or tricking people into accepting overdrawn spends; but that's all infrastructure details only distantly relevant. :3
@_date: 2013-04-19 01:22:48
Perhaps it's better than that. Perhaps *bitcoin is behind the Illuminati*.
Everyone knows that money makes the world go round, and if the powers that be see the writing on the wall and understand that they don't have a defense against this form of decentralized unit of exchange, they may already be taking up that yoke and bowing to it's dominant power. (hyperbole is fun. :)
@_date: 2013-09-07 01:35:58
*pokes at*
Just a friendly reminder that you appear to be shadowbanned.
Try viewing your reddit user page, while logged out and you'll get a 404.
To resolve, I recommend [messaging the Reddit Admins]( and find out what you've done to invoke their meh.
Good luck, sir
@_date: 2013-07-08 00:54:57
The trouble is that, for many people in many areas, you can wind up meeting local dealers knife-to-face, as well.
The risk of not getting a delivery (which the pseudonymous dealer would have incentive to try to make right to maintain her rep) is pretty small in comparison to the risk of exposure to other crime: extortion, blackmail, mugging, etc.
You could look at Silk Road as a condom on the commercial drug trade. :J 
@_date: 2013-01-18 00:43:48
This. I would feel better knowing that the address is redeemable by him somehow — ideally pester him into signing a quick "Hi, this is Randall, &lt;datestamp&gt;" message but just seeing a tiny fraction move away from the address would also be good — just to make sure he hasn't lost the keys or isn't keeping the address up just to troll people into throwing money down the sink. ;3
@_date: 2013-07-18 22:48:31


As far as percentages, sure. But few mom and pops are liable to physically assault you when things go pear shaped, yes? :3
Also, keep in mind that you may be personally uniquely skilled at putting the person you are doing business with at ease, while a fair number of addicts are strung out and have behavioral problems from the get go. You may be located in an area where there's not a lot of competition or heavy pressure from law enforcement. I'm sure that the story will be different in locales like Detriot, yes? ;3
The saying is "Don't hate the player, hate the game".. but I take that one further. Game chooses the player, don't hate the product. My views are that if drugs were decriminalized or legalized, then the pressure to be an outlaw in peripheral respects in order to peddle them would vanish as well. Douchebags who peddle would be more easily put out of business or dealt with via approachable law, you'd get consumer protections and drop the need for subterfuge, etc.
@_date: 2013-04-03 01:39:28
Yo lol, what about @ 370?
@_date: 2013-03-22 01:05:10
Reddit gold is not a donation, it is a subscription. It is basically identical to buying all the ad space on the pages you'll personally be viewing during the subscription window.
@_date: 2013-01-10 08:06:33
In the united states, cash deposits at [BitMe]( and Bank (ACH) transfers at [Coinbase](
@_date: 2013-02-09 09:44:54
I think The Pirate Bay is concerned about the legal ramifications of accepting Bitcoin denominated donations.
Hey, you can't expect them to stick their necks out and get in legal trouble just to support our pet project, now can you? If the US Government ever cracks down on Bitcoin, TPB might get into some real trouble guys, I'd hate to see them shut down. D:
@_date: 2013-01-12 14:48:23
Oh snap, I get what you're referring too now. I didn't notice that the high in your screen shot was lower than the last price. I got off track, thinking that you were simply asking why they were different, or possibly why there are four "prices" on the page.
I guess I'm just stuck in "demystify things for the newbies" mode, heh heh :B
@_date: 2013-03-09 21:36:15
Nope, these ASICs are special-purpose built for Bitcoin mining. 
The core of Bitcoin Mining is brute forcing a SHA-256 hash, so depending on how narrowly the ASIC is designed you might ^*might* be able to get away with performing SHA-256 hash brute forcing which is itself unrelated to Bitcoin, but that chance is pretty slim. This probably takes a hashed transaction block, nonce starter, and combines them in the special Bitcoin orientation while incrementing the nonce past the starter.
@_date: 2013-03-31 03:48:31
I'm certain that as satoshis begin to represent anything close to a usable grain of wealth, that fee will lower. :P
@_date: 2013-01-18 01:12:24
[Solution presented by dunand](
@_date: 2013-02-20 16:56:50
[Gresham's Law]( only applies when exchange rates are legally fixed.
@_date: 2013-04-26 13:33:29
Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
@_date: 2013-01-15 22:05:24
I can see this post in my inbox but not in the full comments. :Q__
In any event, no I am saying that today's transaction costs are heavily subsidized by the 25btc/block transaction reward in newly minted coin. That 0.0005 popular txn fee (read, not mandatory transaction fee.. some clients bully you into it, but it is always possible to build a txn with no fees at all and wait around a few hours or days for some miner to take pity on you and confirm it. ;3) is a drop in the bucket compared to your portion of the 25BTC payment that's helping to float the block your transaction gets included in.
I am saying if the 25BTC just went to zero today, most of the miners would require much higher fees from us directly than 0.005BTC or they wouldn't keep mining. Probably closer to 0.1 or 0.2BTC. ASICs entering the equation lower their electricity and hardware costs per GH, meaning our fees don't have to be that high to have the number of GH we have today (or at this fee level, we can have 40 times the GH; or anywhere in between ;D)
@_date: 2013-07-26 04:48:05
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
For trades, I'd recommend instead @_date: 2013-03-27 00:29:08
Can you find the bitcoins on blockchain.info if you search for your withdrawal address?
If they show there and not in your bitcoin-QT client, then something may be amiss on the client end. Make sure you have your encrypted wallet file safely backed up (ideally to other media) before proceeding, as solutions such as "re-install" put you in a position where accidentally deleting the wallet file is common.
If the transaction does not show on blockchain.info, then check your transaction history on Bitfloor to make sure the transaction shows as complete there. You may need to contact Bitfloor support to see why they haven't sent the coins yet, in that case.
@_date: 2013-02-28 00:35:12
Sure you can. Enslave them. x3
@_date: 2013-02-09 01:46:40


Say, I don't have time to download the bz and replicate your results presently, but based on the number of significant digits before your fraction begins (roughly 6) I diagnose that awk is probably introducing roundoff error from interpreting all of the input values as single-precision floats.
You need to either levy GMP in there somewhere, or else cleanly string reformat all of the inputs into integer numbers of satoshi and then add them using guaranteed 64 bit integer math. :3
@_date: 2013-04-30 09:34:38
What reputation would we have if we encouraged knock-off soap boxing and off topic spam?
Take it to mtgix and discuss it on bitcointalks. This isn't the place for it.
@_date: 2013-06-08 00:34:54
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* No compilations of free Bitcoin sites.
@_date: 2013-07-23 22:43:49


I understand and at least mostly agree with your broader premise, but I am curious about this specific recommendation.
How do you recommend the GUI maintain multiple encrypted wallets? Multiple passwords?
@_date: 2013-04-29 22:03:03
Please see our community rules in the sidebar:
* News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news.
While it may be tempting to post random news bits that you suspect imply many ramifications for the Bitcoin ecosystem, the problem is that the article posted to needs to be *about* those ramifications. Then the article can be upvoted or downvoted depending on whether or not the community agrees with said interpretation.
Linking raw news articles with no mention of Bitcoin leads every person to form their own speculations of how it might be related, and everyone upvotes for disjoint reasons (normally revolving around disgust with things that aren't Bitcoin) creating noise.
We must define ourselves based on what we are, instead of based on what other things aren't. :3
Now if you've a lot to say about how this article makes you feel, and you post about that in a blog citing your sources, by all means share that blog post here and you'll be waved right on through.
Thank you for your understanding!
@_date: 2013-04-04 00:06:46
Press button, receive B~~aco~~itcoin
@_date: 2013-09-18 21:19:42
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* No referral links in submissions.
@_date: 2013-02-17 01:31:20
My understanding is that "out of coins" simply means they've depleted their hot wallets.
That's why all the coins paying for Reddit Gold don't refill the coffers. :Q_
@_date: 2013-11-22 02:12:15


It was. It's the earliest digitally documented instance of any one person trading something of value to another person in exchange for Bitcoin. :)
@_date: 2013-03-03 04:27:34
Companies only deal with reversible payment systems when the product is also either reversible or cannot be shipped without personally identifying information.
Buy a steam game online, and then chargeback? They just disable the steam game. Buy a book from amazon? They've got to ship it to your address, if you chargeback they have proof of delivery *and* they know where you live.
Buy a bitcoin with visa/paypal/bank and then chargeback? Visa/paypal/bank are not willing to help you prove your sale was legitimate since the sale represents direct competition to them.
@_date: 2013-01-11 03:24:39
He covered it with his thumb, and 3 weeks after sending it they finally notify him that they can't accept it because thumb.
@_date: 2013-02-18 06:36:56
No, they do but they run out of Bitcoin to sell in that method frequently, and when their hotwallet is empty they retract that payout method.
@_date: 2013-08-30 09:06:23
[[Citation needed]](
@_date: 2013-08-15 22:10:13
Nope. When mises followers say "Intrinsic value" what they mean is a floor pricing mechanism. A guaranteed avenue of demand at a price not related to speculation. I say "what they mean by" because that's not really what the word "intrinsic" means, but they don't get out much so I try to humor them.
For example, they talk about the intrinsic value of gold in terms of it's demand in electronics and jewelry. Those demands are unrelated to what gold is trading for today, or what people think they can sell it for tomorrow based on market hype. Even if the entire gold market crashes (eg, alchemists win and we find cheap ways to create gold out of base metals) the value of electronics won't change and the value of fashion will only mildly change in relation so you'll always be able to sell out at at least the prices dictated by those demands.
Now Bitcoin is both a payment system and a currency. This "intrinsic value" concept must manifest as a guaranteed demand which offers a minimum-price influence per unit of currency.
Being able to use Bitcoin addresses to sign ECDSA is not related to the currency. ECDSA is freely available and open source software unrelated to bitcoin can generate keypairs for you. Colored coins (and I hear people talk about Namecoin from the same perspective) have no bearing either, because while those may be useful features of the *payment* system, they carry no bearing on the price of a single unit of Bitcoin.
The real intrinsic (pricefloor fixing) value of Bitcoin which I have identified is mining rewards and transaction fees. Mining is a notary service provided that must be remunerated in BTC. Today that is a mixture of newly minted coin subsidy and fees, tomorrow it will just be fees. But since we know that miners will continue into the future demanding X BTC per Y unit of electricity and hardware we have a stable pricing floor.
@_date: 2013-07-11 20:59:07
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news.
Perhaps, instead of simply submitting paranoid world news articles which can only inchoately relate to Bitcoin, you could post a self post or submit a blog article *describing* how these events are pertinent to Bitcoin?
That way upvotes represent people's agreement or disagreement with your assessment, instead of everyone's ambiguous shared fear of government.
@_date: 2013-05-24 01:20:12


Bitcoin is designed to benefit directly from the self-interest of it's users. Viva la free market.
@_date: 2013-02-17 12:09:41
Yes, the document I'm talking about is the Transaction Ledger. It is a string of blocks, and the question is "Was this string of blocks forged by an honest network of competing nodes following rules to prevent double spending being possible, or by a colluding network of nodes capable of making the payment I just received suddenly reverse in a few minutes?"
The honest bitcoin network today represents ~27 trillion hash comparisons per second of computing power. It would take an attacker at least that much power to either overwhelm the honest network, or to fork off their own network to try to fool your single, potentially isolated bitcoin node into accepting a payment that can later be easily reversed.
@_date: 2013-02-19 14:10:34
USD has only been a fiat currency for 42 years, since Nixon repealed the Gold Standard in '71.
@_date: 2013-05-14 00:25:00
Sometimes miners do that just to gain microseconds of advantage in their hash power. EG: they don't monitor transactions to authenticate at all so that every spare instant is focused on just the hash with only minor gear changes when new blocks are found in the wild. That's a bit assholish though, and if it gets common enough people will probably just boycott empty or trollish blocks. It wouldn't take much of a boycott to erase that thin margin gained, either. :J
In other cases like this one, when you solve a block brief moments after the last block you simply might have no new transactions to authenticate! :O
@_date: 2013-02-07 01:25:49
Which story is this?
@_date: 2013-01-29 23:03:04
Click "reply" on a comment so that your reply is displayed under their comment and they can tell what you are saying is directed at them. :3
@_date: 2013-01-26 07:25:06
Hear, hear!
+tip 0.03btc
@_date: 2013-03-12 23:31:44
Maybe you just set the bar too high for us. :J
@_date: 2013-04-09 20:23:52
The people boycotting it are concerned that your $0.12 finances blockchain bloat by way of satoshi sized "loss" confirmations and 2 complete transactions per wager instead of depositing funds, wagering in any way you wish, and then withdrawing your funds again later.
@_date: 2013-01-08 18:52:14
Like everyone here says, BitMit is a start. The main advantage being they provide all the infrastructure like helping people find your products, escrow, and the like. You can even build a reputation there and advertise your regular website that way.
If you are concerned about your personal IP or personal information being tracked via how the site is hosted, but don't want to use Tor, then the next best bet would be to contract a VPS or hosting provider to host your site, but pay them in Bitcoin and never visit them except through Tor. Your domain name becomes the next weakest link: You can operate this way indefinitely until The Law comes knocking, and then they can shut down your DNS and that's hard to recover from, but it would still be challenging to trace anything back to your real world identity. :3
But to be honest, doing all of your business in Bitcoin is going to keep The Law away from your tiny, argorist operation indefinitely. Good luck!
@_date: 2013-04-17 20:10:07
It is the responsibility of the article author to cite their sources. This is an "ireport", basically unsubstantiated gossip.
You or I could easily sign onto ireport, post an entry saying "martians have invaded Khazakstan", and we would get a pretty cnn link to our baseless fabrication.
@_date: 2013-07-02 00:18:43


This threat can optionally be eliminated completely by using merchant service providers such as [Bitpay]( or [Coinbase]( They accept Bitcoin on your behalf, send you USD in matching amount with zero exposure to volatility.


This is not a problem with Bitcoin, but only with improper security procedures. Merchants should always (and the above-listed services *do* always) use a brand new address for every incoming transaction. That way there exists no "unique address" that may otherwise allow others to track your financials.
While it is true that the ledger is still public and concerted attackers could try to look for information leaks as you move money from one address to another, any merchant terribly concerned about complete anonymity can use a mixing service to cover their tracks.
However, it's noteworthy that most businesses do not require complete anonymity and proper wallet handling procedures prevent any meaningful analysis of internal cash flow. Say I buy a widget from XZY corp for 1BTC. I then track that BTC, flowing through addresses which have never before been used. It moves, it stops, it joins and splits. How do I even know it's still at XZY corp or if it's been traded at a market back to fiat, or paid to a supplier by now?


Cute. But over the same last few years how much fiat around the world has been accessed and removed from banks, safes, through physical theft or identity theft?  Bitcoin is not inherently either more or less secure than paper or electronically accounted fiat — but it's security profile is *much* more flexible and readily defined by the user.
All in all, I'd say this article is terribly and very shallowly researched and that people should not look to this hack for probably any financial advise, let alone related to cryptocurrencies. :P
@_date: 2013-01-26 07:18:43
Not that [deleted] will ever see this, but yes. I prefer my savings instruments to stand up a larger number of times than they fall down. I prefer them anti-fragile.
Bitcoin has had the odd bubble, but the bottom of every trade window including the bottom of every bubble has relentlessly uptrended since the genesis block. That bottom is ~$16.33 at present. Fiat across all of history has done the opposite, and it's peaks have always downtrended against price index.
We're fresh out of the latest bubble, and there are still only 30 days out of the past 1400 days (2.1% of days) where stepping in at that time and selling at this relative low would have lost you money.
So, for me at least, it does sound like a great place to keep my savings. Thank you. :3
@_date: 2013-03-02 02:50:18
[thees juan]( :D
@_date: 2013-03-22 00:11:50
/me tips his hat to you. Good luck sir, and heaven help all exchanges in the inevitable regulation wars. :(
@_date: 2013-04-10 03:18:20
Hello, just a friendly notice. Your reddit account appears to be shadowbanned. When I browse to your user page (try it when you're not logged in, might have to clear cookies) it just gives a 404 error. (also, as a mod I keep having to approve your every post in our sub. ;3)
Just thought I would let you know. Would PM instead of comment reply, except I don't think shadowbanned users can receive PMs. :S
be well!
@_date: 2013-08-21 23:12:33


That analogy is no good because you are not providing any services to Mother Nature. Panning gold is processing your own possession (extracting gold from your property) and on par with building a chair. No impersonal gains are realized from that, by anybody, prior to selling off the asset.
Compare with Bitcoin "mining", or as I often prefer to say, "bookkeeping".
When you get paid Bitcoin for bookkeeping today, it's because you worked to secure the network today (give or take luck of finding a block, which is smoothed out via pools anyhow). The result of that work is a more secure network that positively benefits everyone right now. Everyone sacrificed some of their coin directly to you in recompense of that value you provided them. That is why that is income.
You may later choose to convert that recompense from the obscure currency "Bitcoin" into USD or similar, and at that later date you don't owe tax on the bitcoin save possibly capital gains if it appreciated in value in the meantime.
This is more analogous to running a notarization service for the public, and they all pay you for your efforts in gold coin. That is income from the moment they pay you, even though they are paying you in non-standard currency, or commodity barter. Just because a lion's share of the coin they pay you is "newly minted" does not impact the fact that it is paid to you for zero reasons other than your providing this service to the public. The newly minted coin is an unanimously agreed upon supply-inflation subsidy to keep your industry afloat during thin transaction volume as the network bootstraps.
@_date: 2013-02-13 05:47:46
I was sad that host was asking "Roger, could I get you to look into the future and say, with multiple, decentralized currencies competing in the marketplace, what sort of ecoystem do you see developing?" and he's all like "Yeah, Bitcoin is decentralized! Bitcoinbitcoinbitcoinbitcoin" xD
I mean I think that's an interesting and a rich question. I think that's an ecosystem that Bitcoin could easily dominate in, but company shares and privately denominated debt/credit and ripples and gift cards and codes and other digital commodities deserve some airtime too. 
@_date: 2013-03-03 12:32:14
Note to anybody who's wondering,
It provides this and you don't have to host the wallet there. You can import just the address and make a watch-only wallet too. :o
@_date: 2013-11-14 18:27:24
Right. And if somebody bitcointip's somebody else with $12, that's normally an positive thing. Right? Well, Gyft just basically tipped GP with $12 worth of future purchases through their service. :3
Speaking of..
@_date: 2013-02-21 23:43:31
wait, you mean you can actually do that with reversegif now? :O
@_date: 2013-04-08 21:35:24
DAE this one funny trick figured out by a mid west house wife that makes oncologists hate her?
@_date: 2013-03-18 15:21:04
I second this. People won't know how panicked to be until the fork is a few blocks long.
Perhaps also show how many forks there are (more than 2 is possible!) and any information you can scrape together about how hard the forks are (eg, are miners known to be actively working on more than one block at a time?) would also be hlepful. :D
@_date: 2013-03-06 03:42:55
This. +tip 25mbtc
Not a lot of people seem to grasp the mechanics of "trackable through the blockchain". 
@_date: 2013-03-27 03:44:01
Brainwallet, m-of-n shared between people you trust distributed around the globe. That's pretty unseizable. :D
@_date: 2013-01-26 07:03:17
I don't understand your statement. Nobody was complaining about Dwolla's fees. Article didn't even mention their identity practices. It was about having your account frozen and/or being blackballed and having your business interrupted on a whim.
As far as fees go, yes I'll pay more than 2 bits per transaction if it means my transactions will actually farking happen. It's easier to get what you pay for.
@_date: 2013-01-21 23:31:21
Some input on [VirWoX]( (I'm keeping an eye out for if/when you set up a formalized way for folk to offer rule enhancements :D) in my testing, the fees+slippage for the entire stack from Credit Card or Paypal to Bitcoin in your wallet is about 6%, so it might be worth adjusting those 5%? + 5%? = 10%? estimates to match that.
Also, VirWoX often delays the Bitcoin Withdrawal step for 24-48 hour manual processing (either to defray fraud risk, or to free cold wallet funds, I'm not sure) which is worth mentioning in notes.
Also also, it's good to add into the notes section "Registering for a free account with Secondlife is required, though downloading the viewer client and logging into the virtual world is not strictly required in order to exchange currencies on VirWoX"
Also also also, good on you for working with everyone here in the thread to positively evolve this awexome concept! +tip 0.30 BTC
EDIT: Also^4, the best USD Cash Deposit option I can recommend in the US is [BitMe]( deposit at chase bank. 0% fee deposit and withdraw is your standard 0.0005 BTC txn fee and 0.6% limit order fee, see [Bitme payment methods]( and [Bitme Fees]( pages for comprehensive list. :3
@_date: 2013-03-16 13:44:23
Ah ha, that sounds like a conclusive link then. ;D
That said, next question I have is how do two services partnering with one hosting provider speak to centralization? Neither of these services host hot wallets, and the hosting provider is not linode after all. 8I
@_date: 2013-07-11 21:01:48
I would be glad to see that so long as the directly submitted article makes it clear how this overreach is related to bitcoin. For example, "This is how said overreach could be solved by bitcoin" instead of "The world is going to shit, and we're somehow exempt, but I'm not telling how".
tl;dr should be it's own dedicated sub. ;3
@_date: 2013-01-30 22:55:08
Are you claiming forum goers are spreading FUD about their customer service, or that customer service is spreading FUD about some other target, such as the competition?
@_date: 2013-03-29 10:27:05
One thing missing from the illustration: Merchant adoption. Otherwise, I do like the illustration. :3
The article can't tell a ponzi from a bubble, and can't tell Bitcoin from either of these. Article is statist, and explicitly spells out that they believe no currency can survive without "sovereigns" (read, governments.. states..) adopting it and protecting us weak individuals (eg, are WE sovereigns, or surfs?) from instability, either at their own expense (buying and selling pools of the currency at heavy loss to smooth out price instability over time) or at ours (by issuing a fiat which they steadily supply inflate in order to reduce the cost to them of managing price instability).
If we are stuck for a choice between whales limitlessly donating their limited purchasing power for the good of price stability, or whales issuing fiat in a manner which steadily inflates, basically stealing limitless purchasing power from the common man to smooth out the price until the fiat inevitably fails, or price volatility at zero sum with no guaranteed winner... then I choose C.
@_date: 2013-02-18 06:39:29
I did basically the same thing you are doing a couple of weeks ago (and I think probably for the same reasons)
I did 4 transactions at BitInstant to keep $1800 input under the $500 per limit. Running all of these in one day should not be a problem, but the one caveat I recommend is DO NOT make any of the batches the same amount! Moneygram will think you are trying to repeat a transaction and stop you if you have, say, two or three different txn all at exactly $500. This problem should be effectively mitigated simply by doing $499.99, $499.98, etc.
@_date: 2013-04-13 06:42:40
In my understanding the primary function of manipulating money supply via printing (aside from corruptly enriching the printers at everyone else's expense) is to approximate predictable change in relative purchasing power over time. Unfortunately the effect of regulating natural price entropy by spending your way out of financial crises is comparable to a martingale betting scheme, where you attempt to regulate the effects of natural entropy at the roulette table by spending your way out of bad bets.
In both cases you lose the instant natural entropy deals you enough tails in a row that you lack pockets deep enough to obfuscate how far behind you were, and you go from perfect incremental gains to sudden and catastrophic losses.
I think the take away is that commodity volatility is the natural order of all goods and hard currencies. Pricing things over time is supposed to be a moderate risk, and artificially denying that risk will build up over time into an unexpected collapse.
@_date: 2013-09-06 22:33:47


Nobody is saying that we demand the merchants *hold* bitcoin, just that they accept it via a payment processor such as Bitpay or Coinbase.
Those will magically convert the Bitcoin into USD for you, handle invoicing, and all kinds of nice things.
@_date: 2013-06-28 23:42:37
I agree below on also [BitMit]( [Localbitcoins]( (name not relevant; they support and escrow for arbitrary non-local trades as well!) and Freenode  are all great places to advertise trades. :3
@_date: 2013-05-31 10:55:29
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:
* News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news.
@_date: 2013-03-08 17:21:16
[Here is BCI's reason]( :J
@_date: 2013-01-07 06:04:41
I guess that's a fair assessment. It's not every day that everyone watches the blockchain fork back from a 2+ long orphan. :P  And unlike fiat / fractional reserve counterfeiting, you can't just inflate the money supply via unauthorized means and live on the free money. You'd have to essentially subsist upon the chargeback fraud.
That said, I imagine we'd want the legitimate hashing power to be sufficient that national governments could not simply damage/destroy the network and ruin everyone's confidence in this approach to cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2013-03-12 02:54:00
Ah, to be fair that is speculation on my part, sorry for not clarifying. Were I Coinbase that's what I would do, though I did read that MtGox officially decided not to freeze trading at this time.
@_date: 2013-05-14 07:20:56
Probably because they saw words which made them feel offended and self-righteous. :J
@_date: 2013-02-14 12:33:20
Yip, mining can be fun and very instructional just don't get your hopes up of turning any profit there. Unless you have specialized hardware called ASICs designed at the board level to do nothing but mine Bitcoin, then you are basically exchanging electricity for bitcoin very slowly and at a pretty lousy rate.. Even with the best graphics cards.
Totes fun though, like going to the school field trip where they put tiny amounts of gold dust or pyrite into a stream bed that kids can pan for. x3
The solid methods are: buying bitcoin for fiat, getting paid in bitcoin to do work, or selling items for bitcoin at places like [Bitmit]( And then of course you can sell Bitcoin to get Fiat back again, or buy items on Bitmit, [Electronics on Bitcoinstore]( Silk Road is obviously popular, [Gambling]( [tipping]([strippers]([pizza]( delivered to your doorstep, etc. :B
Another interesting wrinkle, due to Bitcoin being a more reliable money to transmit over distance than Fiat, is that *selling* Bitcoin is actually much faster, easier, and cheaper all told than *buying* it is. 8I  For example, nobody will accept your Paypal or Credit Card payments to sell Bitcoin to you, because they run the risk of those payments being fraudulently charged back later and you can never charge back Bitcoin. So clearing houses can't easily trust users off the street to accept fiat in that form, but users off the street can easily accept fiat from the clearinghouses, which are large and have reputations to keep. :D
@_date: 2013-03-30 14:57:25


Well, Bitcoin is not a close knockoff of Apple stocks. Bitcoin is a decentralized cryptocurrency while Apple stocks are shares of ownership over a technology corporation. They are demonstrably different things with demonstrably different benefits.
Litecoin is simply a fork of bitcoin with insignificantly different network parameters. Litecoin has years shorter history than Bitcoin, no active developers, little to no merchant acceptance, market information or exchanges.
Bitcoin is comparable to the Linux kernel consuming marketshare away from other operating systems due to it's advantages compared to the incumbent, while Litecoin is comparable to an abandoned Linux fork that fails to offer any features Linux proper doesn't already offer. 
Show me litecoin accomplishing something for the consumer that they can't accomplish with Bitcoin, and I'll start to pay attention. Otherwise it represents nothing but fragmentation, and adoption of it would do nothing but weaken the purchasing power of all cryptocurrency. Once you say "why Bitcoin when Litecoin?" then you have no reason not to say "Why Litecoin when Cosbycoin?" We must cleave to the strongest competitor or we dilute our efforts beyond repair.
@_date: 2013-07-07 04:38:23
Disadvantages to low unit price:
* small market cap
* increased volatility
* dramatically increased risk of 51% attack
* cheaper for traders to manipulate the market
* difficult for merchants to adopt.
Advantages to low unit price: ?
@_date: 2013-08-15 22:26:27
Apples and oranges. Are you suggesting that 90% of USD *cash transactions* are to purchase drugs? Or that 90% of bills which have circulated for twenty years on average and changed hands millions of times were used in drug transactions on average at least *one* of those million times? ;P
@_date: 2013-04-05 22:23:36
* No referral links in submissions.
@_date: 2013-04-17 20:02:39
Things this are, which go against the side bar rules:
* Asking for bitcoins
* Free bitcoin service (though admittedly not a "collection" of them)
* Advertising a trade (some coins now in exchange for more coins back later)
This sub is for news and not for advertising. If you want this sub's audience to see your service, please utilize the Reddit advertising system.
Thank you.
@_date: 2013-02-05 02:54:47
Yet there is no threshold beyond which you're so big that you never spend your wealth. To truly hoard one must earn like a prince yet live like a pauper. Few people really do that, and they are not primarily the hands BTC will fall into, either. They'll only get their edge share.
@_date: 2013-11-14 22:11:51
Poke pokes. I actually *am* a pretty skilled coder, and even I can't grok how to chip in. Where start? :P
@_date: 2013-03-10 11:37:59
I like the idea of Namecoin but I don't think it's well thought out at all.
1. The rituals to actually register a domain or update a record are byzantine. Pay some psuedocurrency, build a binary transaction that includes the name that you want (will be rejected if name is already claimed so you need a way to check for that too), submit transaction. Wait at least 120 confirmations (?) and then do some other arcane thing I can't remember right now to lock it in.
2. Doesn't address trademark issues. Bad actor registers your name =~ s/l/I/; and peppers the internet and forums with those links to drive traffic to their imposter site where they defraud your potential and existing customers. No recourse.
3. Upgrading a communications protocol with insufficiently dominant features is next to impossible because of network effects of adoption. Look at DNSSEC, or IPv6 which has been languishing in obscurity for 18 years.
@_date: 2013-04-22 23:43:35
Very interesting.
On the [main page]( you list ACH among your funding methods. Are you planning to support that just for withdrawals, or also for deposits?
The most important feature of any USD/Bitcoin exchange is the funding options. :P
@_date: 2013-01-08 22:48:30
Another factor is that "complicated" means taking up space in the block (let alone the blockchain). Should miners accept all non-zero fee transactions, and I offer a transaction that fills an entire block by itself and only offers 1 satoshi fee, then what? ;3
@_date: 2013-06-27 11:27:07


That was one of the givens in your comment I was replying to. [postulated]( a world where people buy and sell items in Bitcoin without needing to cash out to fiat at all, to which [you asked]( how you'd pay fiat taxes.
My answer involving fencing merchandise relies on the context of HackThisAccount's postulation.
I don't want this to turn into a circular "[but what's brawndo?]( discussion. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-09 11:24:25
Problem then is that you can't tell a loss from a malfunction.
What they *really* need to do is stop recording every bet on the blockchain.
Also, what devs really need to do is make sure that all expenses related to blockchain bloat are properly paid by the transaction fees. Currently only one miner gets those fees, but every miner and full node have to shre the mempool, transfer the larger blocks to one another and store the bloated chain on disk for all eternity.
@_date: 2013-03-23 04:51:14
Standard spam filtering challenge. :(
Reddit's built in spam filter doesn't filter them. We've got 4 human mods now working shifts to keep our eyes peeled for them. I've tried a hand at getting Automod working but it's kind of a pain (relies on a version of Python my debian box doesn't have, etc) so on my off time I'm researching just building a simple Reddit API spam filter geared towards these guys' dead obvious patterns from scratch. *shrugs*
@_date: 2013-03-02 00:55:05


Global mining revenue is 3600BTC + txn fees, so if you invested so heavily that you represented 10% of global mining activity it would still take you 190 days to earn 69kBTC. Not counting up front investment building out the data center and holding it at 10% as asics flood the market (theoretically by purchasing 10% of the asics as they come out?)
@_date: 2013-03-16 13:24:28
TIL it is impossible for a government to ever commit theft (or presumably any crimes whatever) against it's people, because election by &gt; 50% of voters who turn up mandates power of attorney over the entire population.
Thanks for the Civics lesson, Bob. :3
@_date: 2013-03-06 03:02:15
If I had a say (eg, someone's hanging on my every word of how they should transform their Bitcoin into something else) then I would prefer the merchants who stick their neck out to support our cause get that divested coin over whoever else just happens to be on the market that day. :3
That said, kudos to all merchants who offer discounts in BTC to help incentivize spending. Why get $42usd out of a $43.7usd spot price when you could be getting $55usd of goods?
@_date: 2013-03-11 19:49:37
Well I'm not saying I'm personally interested, just doing my best to clarify the sorts of PR I imagine would get you the best bang for your buck out of the wider community.
My recommendation for Wednesday's tests you're talking about would be to run as many of the chips as you can (EG, probably enough to account for one of the larger rigs you're selling) against a mining pool run by a trusted third party, wouldn't matter if it's main net or test net, and to arrange with the pool owner to verify via your shares that you really are churning roughly the advertised number of GH.
That's simpler than putting a prototype directly into Jeff Garzik's hands, but with similar demonstrative power.
Just a recommendation, and good luck on the testing. :3
@_date: 2013-01-10 08:09:14
Only when your time period is that broad. In September, notice the wick on that candlestick indicating a brief climb up past $15usd/btc?
On the plus side, there is nothing brief about our present position. :3
@_date: 2013-01-15 00:04:35
Well the profitability "for miners", that is to say all people contributing GH to the network, will still be 3600BTC per day plus voluntary txn fees minus their expenses. Assuming BFL or somebody similar delivers, then the expense per GH both for new hardware and for electricity will drop significantly, meaning we'll observe a new, higher plateau where miners compete over the same 3600BTC + txn fees per day with more efficient hardware.
It could never become unprofitable "for all miners" unless a supermajority voluntarily chose to lose money by running more GH than even they could personally earn a profit from, because whoever is not profiting and decides to leave frees up their revenues evenly distributed among all remaining holders of mining power.
@_date: 2013-02-22 00:17:18
I recommend he update the fees mentioned in Help &gt; Deposits then, where it still says "no fees" for cash deposits, which could be terribly misleading. :P
In other news, that's still a pretty healthy competitive fee and he's got better volume and transaction limits than Bitme, and still cheaper than Ziggap. :3
The "government ID" step could be pretty chilling, though. :S
@_date: 2013-03-11 17:11:29
Hey, I'd love to see BitcoinStore succeed. I've bought a few small ticket items there, since I'm no uncle pennybags and have little use for electronics I don't already own at present. But I've said it before and I'll say it again in response to your:


People long on Bitcoin would spend it if the merchant shared their sentiment and offered 33% discount. So long as the *merchant* agrees that Bitcoin will be up 50% by the end of the week (or whatever sentiment your customers are holding) then offering to pass those gains onto the customer now is what loosens purse strings.
Being a bitcoin merchant gives you the opportunity to borrow money from your customers to leverage your long position. Failing to express your customers' currency sentiment is reminiscent of scanning your color catalog into a PDF and calling that a website.
In retail, you are in the business of making the exchange work for your customers. If you take on that risk in a long position, you'll attract not only people who want electronics today but people who will carry your inventory to reflog it on ebay at a profit to themselves. You'll attract people who would save money taking the added time to exchange USD to Bitcoin just to buy from you. Thus you set your own volume and meet whatever sales quotas your wholesalers need from you.
I can't guarantee even that tactic could net you $800k in 20 days, Roger waited too late to implement it (and I'm sorry I couldn't dream up this advice until the last couple of days) but I offer it as something to think about for all merchants who want to deal in BTC. You've got to trade at higher rates than the fiat exchanges, because you're offering something more valuable to your customers than fiat is.
@_date: 2013-01-28 23:23:03
Damn, it feels good to be anti-fragile. B)
@_date: 2013-03-02 03:03:17
Another fun wildcard a lot of people haven't seemed to cotton onto yet (but will get to be a bigger dimension once transaction fee revenue begins to really carry weight compared to block rewards) is the possibility of turning the mining rigs on and off.
When you spend one second mining, you literally trade one second of power for your hashing-shares chance of mining the block available that second, including it's transaction fees. When you DON'T spend one second mining, you burn limited electricity (600W asic in rest mode probably pulls less than 100W, if we're lucky fancy models might drop right into standby mode and draw next to 0W!) and have no chance *during that second* of finding the block available *that second*.
Imagine a mining software that turns on and off depending on whether there are enough available transaction fees to meet your desires! The available revenue would then be free to dip into the "unprofitable" range briefly after each block is found, and you could power down for several minutes each time to stop all loss until profitability is once more attained. It would be glorious! :D
That also means that as the network grows beyond the subsidies, players in areas with expensive electricity can still participate when the fees stack high enough, on par with people who normally don't play the lottery suddenly throwing their hat in the ring after the jackpot climbs high enough.
@_date: 2013-05-15 06:06:54
Say krill, since this is hosted on github do you know if there are any ways to report the malware to github and have it removed? :o
@_date: 2013-09-10 20:58:02
Yeah, that's me at your age, and I had a TI-99/4a and Trash-80 at my disposal. I make my son go to [try ruby]( and he got utterly bewildered and soured by the concept by step 4. 8I
@_date: 2013-01-17 22:44:47
@_date: 2013-06-01 17:32:33
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-04-24 22:02:03
I'm not 100% sold on Subreddits as help boards. Stack Exchange and Quora seem a better fit for that. Problem is people are less likely to upvote/downvote based on whether a question really deserves an answer or generates insightful discussion, it's just going to render as a list of what people have recently asked.
I would like people to get the best help possible, and I would like to see an easy way to put the best questions in front of us knowledgeable folk. But it's not an easy problem, and enough people don't show their work when asking a question that as an answerer you often don't even feel confident they'll read the thing you spend time writing. :(
@_date: 2013-08-15 00:26:38
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy.
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-08-05 20:15:51
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy.
@_date: 2013-03-14 12:59:23
They are easier for a GPU to mine than bitcoin; depending on the exchange rate. Today that exchange rate is favorable, tomorrow it depends on how many other GPU miners come on board and how many people play chicken to lock in their gains on that rate since Litecoin has no other infrastructure behind it and no other avenues to spend or to earn it.
The size of an economy is a function of the value produced by that economy in terms of getting work done. People use Bitcoin to pay for services at thousands of merchants today and that list is growing. You can gamble, pay for VPNs, pay strippers, buy food, electronics, donate, remit, video games, books, music, a pretty good cross section of goods and services are offered in exchange for Bitcoin. There are people who take wages in Bitcoin, freelancers who work for Bitcoin. this is reflected in our $500million usd market cap.
Litecoin, like ixcoin et al before it is a pump and dump not because it's core protocols lead to that, but because it's adopters choose not to practice any other business with it. All of the real, valuable business that benefits from the highest volumes of trade available which can benefit from the crypto codebase have already settled on Bitcoin.
Litecoin offers no measurable advantage to it's transactors beyond "getting in at the ground floor" of a building with no other compelling reasons to exist other than competing to get in first. Every other compelling reason one *might* have been drawn to litecoin has already been colonized by Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-02-15 02:51:14
Well, it's good that payment processors like Coinbase, Bitpay and Paysius all offer that feature then. :3
@_date: 2013-01-10 08:05:06
Nope, not unless you also get very inexpensive electricity.
At standard ~$0.11usd/kwh, no graphics card is capable of mining profitably right now, at all. Worse yet, ASIC is just around the corner to stamp that down another few magnitudes.
@_date: 2013-03-03 12:46:47
If you have a megabit connection you'll have an embarrasment of riches for any mining rig today. :3
Some day the transaction traffic may swell to where bandwidth becomes a bottleneck, but not for at least a year IME. 
@_date: 2013-04-04 07:05:37
A&gt; That's exactly right, a miner can choose not to claim as much of their scheduled portion of newly minted bitcoins as they wish, and as a result said bitcoins never get minted and the ultimate number falls another notch shy by the same amount.
B&gt; That "feature" is kind of pointless, as the miner could just as easily "claim" any portion of their award to a non-existent address. *eye roll*
@_date: 2013-03-01 02:18:55


To be fair, it's not slowing anything down when a sub billion dollar market cap is just as much of a drawback for any currency as volatility is.
It's like complaining you won't hire the genius 10 year old because you would have to buy new uniforms for him every time he grows a few inches taller. Is it in your best interest to tell him to stop growing — knowing that he's still too short to perform half the tasks you need done in your shop anyway — or tell him to hurry up and realize his potential height? :P
@_date: 2013-04-23 23:36:36
From sidebar:


Additionally, asking for upvotes is an example of vote manipulation that is against [Reddit's Terms of Service](


@_date: 2013-02-20 19:03:04
That's why merchant adoption is such a boost to the economy, and the catch 22 of "merchants hate volatility" is easily resolved by payment processors who shield the merchant from all volatility. :3
@_date: 2013-04-07 21:52:19


TIL most people don't have ten thousand dollars.
The actual fuck. What?


That's right kids, we now officially live in a world where you have to document your ownership of property to prove to third parties that you ought to be allowed to own it. Even when there is no conflicting claims to ownership. "Produce your papers, please".
@_date: 2013-02-05 02:29:28
One thing I am curious about is the m-of-n escrow feature built into Bitcoin since BIP0011. I never have the time to really dig into it, but one of these days... :B
@_date: 2013-05-25 00:20:41
While true, it's a fairly weak protection in and of itself.
Statistically, whichever output has the least entropy is most likely the intended transaction (eg 1BTC and 0.59816073BTC .. which do you think is change? :P) also, statistically the larger output is the intended transaction. Those aren't 100% but they're enough to play havoc with people using bayesian analysis, and to highlight other patterns which identify the target.
@_date: 2013-01-05 01:56:20
Well, I'm aiming for things which can be administered at the national or international levels from the get go. That's where the critical mass of customers are. Just think, as much proselytizing as I already know you do, if you start a local bar or restaurant could it get enough business in bitcoin today, in Vegas, to stay afloat?
So, what are some ways we could meet these needs from a nationally administered level? A microbrewery that sells in Bitcoin and ships nationwide or worldwide perhaps? If so, would you buy from it? Do you know other people who might? I'm a teetotaler, but it's still a project I could envision getting involved in. Alternately, I live in one of the microbrewiest places in the world, maybe there's a re-sell opportunity there. :3
We probably can't address every need we have from current population, but let's do everything we can to brainstorm what could be. Bitcoin is just really, really challenging to localize at our present adoption rate.
@_date: 2013-04-08 21:19:15
* No referral links in submissions.
@_date: 2013-06-28 23:45:30
Sorry, that link doesn't go to a story. Can you find a better link? :o
@_date: 2013-02-13 04:21:34
Zey do nahthing?
Oh, site might require javascript, in case you're blocking that. :3
Also, you've got to edit your profile to enter in payment data such as paypal address, bank account, address to ship items to, etc and then on the "sell bitcoins" page select the radio button appropriate to the kind of sale you want to make.
Additionally, the Create Sales Order button remains grayed out if the amount you are trying to proces is below the minimum or above the maximum amount listed on the right.
Just permuting all the things I know that might prevent that button from working. If all else fails, try a different web browser. :J
@_date: 2013-04-10 00:22:39


The flaw in the calculus of this statement is that you are not defining the variable "than use them". Than use them for what?
Yes, I would rather hoard 1BTC than spend it on a milkshake. No, I would not rather hoard 1BTC than become the owner of a private island.
All that means is that *my* personal sell rate for 1BTC is somewhere between milkshake and private island. Whoever wants my 1BTC is perfectly free to haggle me on that matter, or haggle everyone collectively until they can obtain the lowest hanging BTC in the world and set a spot price for everyone else to follow.
If you don't have private islands or candy stores to trade, then we can start talking about things thousands or millions of times less valuable and discuss trading mBTC or µBTC.
@_date: 2013-03-28 23:16:48
4G coverage don't reach too far into the ocean.
@_date: 2013-02-01 12:11:56


* ASICs finally shipping, meaning the network will grow several orders of magnitude more secure and challenging to co-opt.
* Recent block reward halving reduces supply growth while there is no matching reduction in demand growth.
* A Bitcoin Poker site just released a 6 figure earnings report.
* Bloomburg just posted an article which was not only positive towards Bitcoin, but negative towards Central Banking in the same breath.
* And finally, all the ambient haters are finally starting to get hoarse from all of their hating and shutting up. One source of this is we haven't had a real scandal to report on since PirateAt40 and the Bitfloor hack 4 months back. That reduces an obstacle to lots of Bitcoin newcomers, driving demand. 
@_date: 2013-02-25 06:35:17
I wonder if they're using a payment processor?
How will they react if you send them a bitcent, will they try to refund that to you (and if so will they refund it from the exact same input, like Sdice does) or will they swallow the bitter pill? :J
@_date: 2013-04-04 00:07:24
Wow, you do realize internets cost more than a buck nao, right? :D
@_date: 2013-03-09 10:30:22


Oh, are you sure about that? Even as technology drops the absolute costs involved in producing and distributing these products that continually get more expensive over time? [The CPI figures curated by the Bureau of Labor Statistics are not necessarily a fair indicator of currency inflation](  and at best represent a financial conflict of interest on par with tasking the fox to guard the henhouse.
Increases in technology and improvements in technique over time *should* be increasing our quality of living over time, and decreasing the amount of labor each citizen of a country with a stagnant birthrate has to perform to keep a roof over their heads and food on the table. Perhaps not to the tune of 2.5% per day as Bitcoin has been growing steadily in 2013, but not by the cost of living adjustments recommended  by BLS of a paltry 2.5% per year, either.
In any of these cases, holding Bitcoin today means that tomorrow when 5mbtc represents one hundred times the transaction cost your held wealth will be one hundred times greater to compensate. Furthermore, as transaction volume increases cost-per-transaction to miners will fall and the fees recommended by clients will fall commensurately.
@_date: 2013-02-14 04:35:59
And like magic, we're right back where we started. You're welcome!
@_date: 2013-07-15 07:26:34
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Do not use URL shortening services: always submit the real link.
@_date: 2013-02-02 16:58:02
+flip because casascius does make a swag piggy bank, heh heh :3
But an expensive one, too. You really do ruin the coin when you tear that hologram off to spend from it, very much on par with crushing a ceramic piglet. ;3
@_date: 2013-02-05 15:37:14
Really? One day somebody is going to have to sit me down and explain to me what problems credit solves in single-person transactions that can't be similarly solved by a gigantic security deposit.
It's like when you want to rent a car: they will not allow you to do this, at all, without a credit card. Doesn't matter if I hand them one hundred thousand usd in cash as collatoral, they will not allow me to rent a vehicle without a credit card backed by a paltry $300 credit limit. 8I
@_date: 2013-02-18 06:17:44
Yis, I'd also like it to be able to dispense USD when you pay it BTC. :3
On the plus side, I do groove to it allowing you to use a cell. One guy was advertising the paper wallet idea a few days ago, I think the best idea is camera/phone + paper wallet + display unique QR code to receive BTC and dispense cash. That later step can include a 10-60 second delay to confirm across many network nodes that there are no double spends.
all in all, hanging at an ATM for 60 seconds is more convenient than waiting for an ACH to clear, says I. :D
@_date: 2013-03-12 02:00:49
Not a drama llama until you put a Phantom of the Opera mask on it, or sumfin. :J
@_date: 2013-01-18 05:24:24
So you don't mean the merchant's marketing, you mean the currency's marketing?
The merchant don't care, because if he isn't pricing his goods in BTC, instead using USD or XAU or other, then it's the consumer's concern for using a currency that fluctuates relative to that.
Merchant: I want $400usd for my iTab.
Customer: I want to pay in Bitcoin.
Merchant: I can accept that, so the $400usd I want would be 24BTC.
Customer: Wait, are you trying to rip me off? My friend just bought one for 22BTC!
Merchant: That's because 22BTC was $400usd when he bought it. I don't care how many BTC you give me, I only care how many USD it equates to. If the currency you choose to pay in fluctuates relative to mine, that's just not my problem. I chose USD, so when that fluctuates it's my problem.
I'm not sure if you're citing that our first world population has become spoiled by apparently stable currencies, but one way or another they'll get a harsh awakening once the Euro and the Dollar start to see 70's style inflation again. I'm pretty sure merchants will just find a better index to price by, possibly a difficult to manipulate commodity, and stick with that instead. 
@_date: 2013-07-12 08:32:18
@_date: 2013-03-10 23:49:54
:o Bitcoins are trading at $45-$46 presently, so 0.25BTC is still $11.50usd, or 15% more expensive than Paypal. 
Might I recommend a payment processor like Coinbase, who for a 1% fee calculates the price for the end user, locks it during transaction so that you always get the desired amount in usd, and ACH's that to your bank account? Bitpay does the same, for 3% I believe. With either of these you can convert all to USD, or keep some or all as Bitcoin in case you're long on BTC. :3
@_date: 2013-03-16 13:51:30
Your 1 Bitcoin is 1/21 millionth of the entire, ultimate currency pool. It's also 100 million satoshis.
Subdividing, or adding decimal places does not change this. If we go from 8 to 100 decimal places, then your 1 Bitcoin in your wallet is still exactly 1/21 millionth of the entire, ultimate currency pool. It just represents a larger number of specks of dust, now 1 Googol instead of 100 million.
The entire currency pool is worth X (market cap) and your one BTC is one chunk of that market cap, and the size of the chunk has not changed therefor your purchasing power has not changed.
When the fed prints money, they are increasing the pool of all money in the world and you aren't getting any of that increase. Your $1 chunk of that pie shrinks. That is why unchecked supply inflation leads to loss of purchasing power.
@_date: 2013-01-12 15:33:28
Not that I agree with him or anything, but that wasn't his statement. He said "People who accept zero confirmations from non-trusted parties". His workaround sounds pretty compelling too, a 2-of-2 escrow wallet ought to be fairly easy to implement and even curiously secure compared to a standard ewallet since hackers can't steal funds over a simple breach. :O
@_date: 2013-04-08 22:32:39
Exactly. Tell that to all the prisoners spirited away to Guantanimo by Gavin, or everyone who lost their Bitcoin savings when Luke-jr raided their private deposits. Or that one time when the devs inflated the money supply by releasing a client with new rules, and even though 99% of merchants and miners could tell from the source (or lack of available source, I forget which) that the bitcoin generation rules were changing they were impotent to stop the wave of clueless users who downloaded the software which won some kind of a vote and magically  altered the client code at all miner and merchant installations to match it, not to mention magically re-coding every installation of competing wallets like Electrum and Multibit.
@_date: 2013-02-16 01:42:39
@_date: 2013-02-28 09:07:34
Well, what you can do is if you fear the price will drop to $20 tonight you can set a sell order at $25 period. It won't get eaten unless the spread reaches down that far.
The only difference between that and a stop loss order is a stop loss wouldn't be visible on the books until your trigger hits. :P
@_date: 2013-03-08 18:32:34
Because your evaluating the transaction fee as it's measured in USD. As USD loses purchasing power, *everything* gets more expensive in USD.
Remember when gas was 75c/gallon, and the expensive McDonalds sandwhiches were all under a buck? Remember when the suggested 0.0005btc/kb Bitcoin transaction fee was a quarter of a penny? Oh noes, now it's two and a half cents. Whatever shall we do.
Sure that might start adding up to real money as the per-bitcoin value gets another zero or two tacked on, but if you buy and hold now you'll be well financed enough not to care when that day comes, too. Also as volume of transactions increases, the cost to miners per transaction will drop and those client defaults will then likely drop also. Just not as fast as the USD drops, because .. seriously. c'mon. xD
@_date: 2013-02-20 22:46:54
the difference with Bitcoin compared to shipped goods is that you ship goods to an address, so scammer has to give you a valid address or they'll never get the good. Most digital goods can be charged back, by way of expiring the good. Bitcoin needs no shipping address *and* cannot be charged back.
@_date: 2013-06-20 00:46:42
Hello u/robertrobot, mod here. Just noticed your comment.
So what is a "mock account"? Like, a sock puppet (one person pretending to be many people), or people imitating or parodying well known identities, or throwaways injecting spam?
As a mod, I do what I can to foster a positive experience for our subscribers. Do you have specific suggestions we might consider to fight back against the negatives you perceive?
Insight always appreciated, thank you sir. :3
@_date: 2013-02-15 03:46:27
Bleh, it's all a donation to reddit either way. Also I don't pay enough attention to know if the admins eat their own dogfood or not. ;3
F/E it makes perfect sense to bitcointip [the bitcointip](bot, and [it's author](:3
@_date: 2013-04-22 21:15:27
It may interest you to know that one of the mods (before he got called to mod) was shadowbanned by the Reddit admins for no reason beyond creating a post similar to this one, in a subreddit with about 60 subscribers and no activity.
RA take calls to vote manipulation quite seriously. D:
@_date: 2013-03-30 13:06:36
And [The Rock Trading](
@_date: 2013-02-23 03:45:19
Queue forms to the left, rofl.
I wish there was more information about who's made it and what their plans are for it. Maybe they'll sell it as hardware? Maybe they're doing a franchise thing, or maybe they plan to keep it proprietary and grow their own service offerings at an excruciatingly glacial pace? xD
@_date: 2013-02-28 01:19:02
Greendot monthly maintenance fee: $5
Cost of 30x $0.15 amazon cards: $4.50 and your cumulative time ordering them.
I'm sure you can redeem the amazon cards, but for most of us the effort of extra clicks plus increased billing/support nightmare should anything go wrong is way more expensive then the $0.15 you could milk from each card.
@_date: 2013-08-31 07:42:53
.. and if you don't like the complaints then don't upvote them.
I only mention because you're [PSA] is equally as much a complaint as their's.. :J
@_date: 2013-07-04 02:56:04
Too bad his cunning plan went so far awry. :O
@_date: 2013-07-05 23:55:14
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Do not use URL shortening services: always submit the real link.
* No referral links in submissions.
@_date: 2013-05-23 00:00:23
I wonder, does this imply that anything which identification is a powerful tool against (eg, anonymity) must therefor be evil?
Also, does this mean that doxing is the most powerful force for good?
Rand, you never cease to confuse me! xD
@_date: 2013-03-09 00:50:16
So then we follow all the twitter updates, waiting with baited breath to see when BCI will be back up.
Until we refresh our browsers in horror to find that Twitter itself is completely offline, and all of our twitter mobile apps stop working.
Panic in the streets, self posts all over until finally twitter comes back online with a single image describing how they are migrating their worldwide services from backups to an emergency EC2 instance, because the Jack Dorsey's son took the iPod mini that all of Twitter had previously been hosted on to school with him and lost it on the playground.
@_date: 2013-02-19 01:05:48
I purchased a Pizza Hut gift card from  this weekend, all went well. :9
@_date: 2013-01-24 03:39:12
Does the client allow that? Or would he need to build his own transaction out of bailing wire and curly braces? :B
@_date: 2013-03-10 10:57:06
Yeah, I agree this sounds like a great way to position things to allay people's fears.
You say software or cryptography, they say "zomg what about hackers? D:" you say protocol or language, they don't have any in-built boogeymen that live there. ;3
@_date: 2013-05-22 01:19:34
It will with a low limit on number of nodes you can connect to, and if you rearrange the nodes in the graph based solely on their connectivity instead of leaving them at their physical locations. :3
@_date: 2013-08-10 03:43:51
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
I recommend .
@_date: 2013-04-25 22:14:39
Do not use URL shortening services: always submit the real link.
This seems like a really nice article and all, and I'd love to see you repost it with the direct link. But we cannot allow URL shortners because many allow authors to modify the link to ill effect after it's deployed, many offer hidden referral inducements to the publisher, and they sidestep tools that security-conscious readers rely on to keep themselves safe.
@_date: 2013-04-07 23:10:09
Let's pretend I haven't and you describe to me this fabled "guaranteed return" you speak of. Are you suggesting a closed system exists whereby all investors have a 100% chance of profit?
Every investment has a risk of loss. Manage that risk any way you'd like, it will never be zero.
What separates a good investment from a gamble is whether your realized returns spring from value generated by the system or from others' losses, not from whether or not your risk was zero.
@_date: 2013-03-30 15:23:52


[No it doesn't]( The Internet makes everything more complicated than it has to be and has no redeeming characteristics at all. It's slower than sending a letter because you have to learn to type first, and it's more expensive because a postage stamp doesn't cost anywhere near as much as a scanner and a printer. Let alone that computer doohicky, and the modem tying up your phone line and paying for AOL.
@_date: 2013-02-16 12:36:23
Another option: Sell the prepaid card on [BitMit]( :3
@_date: 2013-02-01 12:29:10
It is *not* a courtesy when one party (Coinbase) wields control over the timing and completion of the transaction. ACH is meant to be relatively chargeback resistant, compared to paypal or credit card, so customers cannot watch the price and cancel the ACH if they see the value fall. But Coinbase *can* watch the price and cancel the order if the value rises, thereby abusing the customer as a hedge to purchase coins at a guaranteed profit.
Even if that is not their goal, it is a dangerous conflict of interest.
@_date: 2013-01-11 23:40:42
Keep in mind, mining requires investment in hardware (bare minimum a good power GPU) and very inexpensive electricity in order to provide bitcoins at a rate anywhere near as cheap as they can be purchased directly through other channels. Even if you already have a GPU to dedicate to this purpose, your revenue will most likely be less 0.05BTC per day.
I'm just saying, it takes a lot of savvy for mining to be a profitable manner to obtain bitcoins at this stage and it's liable to disappoint newbies. It's just like buying cars is more efficient for first time drivers than trying to build them out of scrap parts. :O
@_date: 2013-01-05 01:29:27
Fair enough, so on this point can anyone think of methods to split up the products or save money providing them or deliver them online or order them online and have them delivered or prepped for pickup locally?
For example: Wal-mart and Cosco offer a dizzyingly broad array of products. All are obviously in demand, but not all are easy to order online or to deliver cross-country to residences. Maybe we'd be able to start with the less-perishable subset?
Are there any opportunities for businesses to front for local grocers by accepting BTC, paying existing grocers or varied producers in Fiat and adding as much value or savings as they can in the middle to help make this a profitable arrangement for all parties?
Again I want to focus on solutions which can put groceries into the hands of Bitcoiners but which can deploy at the national level, because we won't get enough volume to float any brick and mortar operations.
@_date: 2013-02-28 23:08:01


Oh, then Bitcoin may not be the currency for you. Perhaps it's train has already left the station. But never fear! Did you know there are other cryptocurrencies raising in price just as fast as Bitcoin presently is? You should invest in those while they're still below the $1 mark! :D
One I've been keeping an eye on is called Bitcents. They're currently only trading at $0.33usd/bitcent, but rising and by my estimates could break $1usd by December this year at the latest. They have a lot in common with Bitcoin, except instead of an ultimate limit of 21 million units, they are targeting 2.1 billion units total. How does that sound?
Hell, I'll even get you started. NFS's bitcointip bot handles that currency if you specify it just as well as it handles BTC:
+tip 1 bitcent
Enjoy! :3
@_date: 2013-02-04 12:08:29
Coinbase suffered a similar malady some months ago, though from what I understand it's been fully cleared up. That is also "taking directly from one's bank account".
I do agree, however, that trusting all of your wealth to a pool so easily debitable by third parties as a fundamnetal  prerequisite to electronic transfer is pretty scary. :S
@_date: 2013-08-01 20:59:03
I don't see any evidence on their site that they do any business in Bitcoin. [Google search for site:pacificsolutions.com bitcoin]( returns no hits.
@_date: 2013-03-18 15:40:14
[Yes it is](
@_date: 2013-02-20 20:58:04
You're ugly. :J
Seriously though, your analysis matches my understanding of the market dynamics such that I can't think of any thoughts or concerns to add, but I am bookmarking this article to brandish at folk who try the "but gubmint ban bitcoin!" angle.
Actually, thought forming: I guess people who are wary of government intervention are wary of investing in Bitcoin on the strength of it's white-market use, adoption and subsequent high valuation today, and they are concerned of A&gt; coin losing value after ban, thus today's investment being decimated and B&gt; having to turn to shady, black market dealings just to withdraw the remainder of that investment once the economy has left the spheres they wish to trade in.
My position is that "direct US Government confrontation against Bitcoin, such as prohibition, is game theoretically unlikely". I think people in general are conflict averse. They'll avoid walking in a park during the day because they heard some homeless guy got beat up at 3am in the same park 10 years ago. They won't invest in Bitcoin because the Government *might* prohibit it and destroy their investment (or more to the point, we can't make their investment 100% US Government-proof), but they'll happily invest in Google regardless of whether the Government might sign a new law specifically outlawing the trade of Google stock (or more specifically, Google can't make their stock 100% US Government-proof). I don't see either outcome as likely enough to spook over.
@_date: 2013-09-06 21:08:55
LOL @ not the same code, and amount=25btc x3
@_date: 2013-04-13 06:31:19
If it's simple and unambiguous then "use value" is whatever value I get from using something. Hence if I get value from using Bitcoin as an exchange vehicle, then that is it's use value.
@_date: 2013-02-06 22:36:03
@_date: 2013-06-03 07:23:55
I wrote up a relevant answer to that [here]( :3
@_date: 2013-07-01 20:33:47
Yeah, I see use question marks all the time. It is memorable because they render in a wacky font. ;3
@_date: 2013-05-05 22:37:28
Professional "that guy" reporting in. Keep up the good work. :D
@_date: 2013-07-25 02:08:43
Ah, sweet. Yes, a small donation like that is a pittance to pay for what I've heard from that place.
So what kinds of services can you get from them; how does it differ from a credit union physically local to you?
For example, obviously I can't just walk into a branch. Can you deposit/withdraw money at any common types of ATM? Is it easy to ACH to or from other accounts you own? In what ways do they interact with Bitcoin; do they act as an exchange or a broker (like Gox or Coinbase, respectively) or do something different? :o
@_date: 2013-03-11 14:32:13
Double spend risk with Bitcoin may be nonzero, but it should be far lower than buyer fraud risk through any other instant electronic transaction, where buyer claims identity theft to the bank who then virtually always chargeback's the seller.. sometimes months later.
With bitcoin, the risks are lower AND all your chickens are hatched by end of business day. Those transactions you made yesterday? Those are completely and utterly closed now, 50-100 confirmations later.
@_date: 2013-03-27 06:11:37
While nobody yet knows the security hole in Bitcoin, if there is one, [big banksters have already learned the security hole in fiat](
@_date: 2013-01-12 15:00:30
extraordinarily ignorant and knee-jerky = typical tho
@_date: 2013-02-19 04:41:39
This is not a "bitcoins are bottlecaps" argument, this is a "sacrifice does not guarantee value" argument. Bitcoins' value comes from it's utility. It is not magically imbued value by blood shed to obtain it.
A cook can spend an hour making a delicious meal, or he can spend an hour making a terrible meal. The fact that he has sacrificed one hour does not guarantee the value of the meal he produces. Other factors, such as his skill and his incentive to make a good meal, must be combined with his time expense to come to that profitable outcome.
@_date: 2013-02-05 02:59:15


@_date: 2013-01-20 00:49:57
Oooh, I see. Clever-looking board games. :B
@_date: 2013-01-09 03:38:32
Yes. Showing people how to understand a new technology is exactly like pyramid marketing, thank you.
Explains why my grandparents never got into Email.
@_date: 2013-05-01 03:46:08
/me nods sagely. Filter tint.
I always just reverse the polarity of the neutron flow and then call it a day. x3
@_date: 2013-02-28 01:27:50
No single organization could control who places sell orders at a certain price point.
Do you want to put a sell wall at price X (below current ask price) and then buy that wall in a millisecond? Be my guest, but the price won't leave the spread as a result. Want to buy all the asks up to price Y? Fine, you'll move the price beyond the spread but those are by definition *other people's* ask orders, or else the spread would already be that big.
@_date: 2013-02-20 20:15:42
Oh. I'm sorry, when you said "market" I assumed you meant stock market like bitfinex or GLBSE.
Do you mean a currency exchange market like MtGox then, or a farmer's market, or?
@_date: 2013-09-04 23:07:28
One approach I'd consider is: on receipt, add either USD or BTC to seller's account with you but leave that balance on hold until the card clears. Then seller can withdraw whatever balances he has with you that are not under a hold.
Being a different payment system, BTC certainly has advantages to help counterbalance it's aspects like "no chargebacks" which may feel foreign to your business model. One is that sellers don't have to put up with paypal freezing their accounts, don't have to share bank data and open themselves up to potential ID theft, and if you work out a system to avoid ever needing chargebacks then sellers never have to fear them either. A done transaction is simply done.
Escrow (holding the funds until the purchase clears) is the most common way of handling things in the Bitcoin world, as well. :3
@_date: 2013-06-15 06:34:33
While that approach has it's appeal, it also means you'd have to gather up five of them each time you wanted to do anything, which is, like, a lot of weeerk. x3
@_date: 2013-01-15 21:19:31
Agree: Asics (or any wild change in global hashpower short of a successful 51% attack or a public confidence drop preceding a potential one) do not impact bitcoin unit price.
Disagree: "Only thing changing is the asics machines get a higher probality for the reward" .. that's not the only thing that changes. :3  The other major change worth noting is the aggregate global hash power increases significantly, both raising global security of the core of the bitcoin network and reducing the cost per GH per transaction for the end users.
@_date: 2013-09-07 00:40:35
Well, let's compare apples to apples.
* Hold a (digital) commodity that may lose value or vanish suddenly
* Trust a party that processes your payments and deposits a digital commodity that you do trust (USD) with a party that you do trust (your bank) every 24 hours.
In the first case, if "Bitcoin" fails or suddenly devalues then you lose every USD it could have bought you at transaction time. In the second case, if the processor gets uppity they *may* challenge you for up to 24 hours of your proceeds, depending on how long it takes to catch them.
Plus processors are registered Money Transmitters whom you can sue if anything goes wrong. If Bitcoin fails, you're on your own.
Besides, if you don't work with "more parties" to process your payments for you, then you still have to work with "more parties" to exchange back to fiat to pay your expenses anyway.. be that dwolla/gox or bitstamp or localbitcoins/stranger.
@_date: 2013-01-11 03:11:00
[For SCIENCE!](
@_date: 2013-08-22 04:45:13
The first thing I imagine is stopping them from taking such a long position is questions of Government Regulation.
It's all fine and well that Fincen has published the guidance documents they have, for example, but the documents are demonstrably inconsistent and therefor *it is guaranteed* that the guidance will change.
That said, if Paypal positions themselves as a bitcoin facilitator, and then the government cracks down on Bitcoin tomorrow then Paypal would be directly in the path of the blow, *and* take a negative hit to PR.
@_date: 2013-01-18 23:02:44
Yep, people here seem to have covered the basics pretty well.
Your wallet is like a janitor's keyring, and each key on that ring is a "private key". Each key has it's own balance, all the money that people have sent to the public address generated from that key. But your wallet pours all of those balances together for you into one, big, easy to work with balance. :3
When you spend money from an address, the transaction has to specify what happens to every drop of balance on that address. Obviously some goes to the person you are paying, and some goes to the transaction fee. But what about what's left? That's called "change". The blockchain.info wallet by default sends all of the change noisily back to the first address listed in your wallet. (They are working on alternate strategies for people who prefer their change handled in different ways) and the BitcoinQT wallet creates a brand new, fresh address every time you spend money and puts the change there. That protects your privacy a little bit, because anybody watching the blockchain cannot easily prove which of those addresses was the real spend, and which was the change address.
So with many wallets, including BitcoinQT, new addresses keep getting made all of the time, and your Wallet keeps them all tied together and displays all of their balances as one big balance so that you don't really have to think about it if you don't want to. Also, you can create new addresses for your own purposes. Many people make a brand new address for every time they will receive bitcoin, again just to help with their privacy. But all of the old addresses continue to function for as long as they are in your wallet, and if you prefer just focusing on using one address for simplicity then that strategy will also function. It will make it slightly easier for onlookers to see how you are shepherding your money "blockchain analysis" and people can tell when you spend money out from that address to other well known addresses (like the Wikimedia New York chapter donation jar, for example) but the power of this kind of analysis is limited in some complex ways.
When in doubt and you want to really, really really keep coins anonymous (and you're not scared of all the extra work involved), you'll want to juggle multiple wallets (and carefully control all spends into and out of the super secret wallets!) and send coins through a trusted tumbler service. Blockchain.info has a tumbler, but everyone seems to have different issues about choosing a tumbler to trust. There's lots of factors involved in that sort of heavy anonymizing. :J
I hope this explanation has helped, best of luck minty!
@_date: 2013-01-22 03:11:56


So *that's* why we're suddenly spiking up to $17usd/btc?
Gee wiz, thanks a bunch, sir! xD
+tip .05btc
@_date: 2013-01-09 05:36:32
+tip 0.05btc
(If I had a vanity tipping term, I'd make it +You'reDoingGod'sWork,Son ;)
@_date: 2013-01-03 23:30:22
My batting average so far is Men with Guns: about a hundred thousand dollars. Kiddy Scripties: zero.
Not to say I'm not better off having paid those taxes and mandatory insurance premiums and such throughout my life than I would have been not receiving the associated services and protections, but that's also hard to really measure so I guess we'll never know.
@_date: 2013-01-15 22:15:07
Now I'm not here to dash your ambitions or anything, I just want to be realistic and I'd like you to have a good picture of the kinds of attacks you can expect before you learn the hard way and become bankrupted.
I've never done chargebacks myself, but I understand that customers can issue credit card chargebacks months after the purchase. So with your proposed 3BTC new user limit, how many BTC could a bad person order from you before they started going past the chargeback limit, and then they could chargeback all of their orders at once before that time period is over?
Also, how would you be able to prevent one bad person from posing as a hundred clients, each wanting to order their 3BTC using prepaid or easily obtained credit cards? What about bad people who have lists of stolen credit cards, and use you to get untraceale BTC but leave you holding the bag when the real owners of the credit cards find out their cards were stolen and then issue a chargeback?
It is a very sad state that it's so difficult to get BTC when you've got money on a credit card, but those hoops people make you jump through aren't just for fun and finding alternate ways to serve people is a pretty big challenge. I hope you are up to it, and I just hope I'm being of some service by clarifying the kind of clever crap people out there are liable to throw at you. D:
@_date: 2013-01-15 21:22:40
[Dad! This is Reddit, not Google]( &amp;
@_date: 2013-05-23 07:42:33




Um, yeah these two points seem to be completely unrelated to bitcoin. It's just arguing whether or not privacy of any kind has value.


Bitcoin is the world's first, and by far best supported digital commodity whose ownership can be transferred and authenticity guaranteed with zero trusted third parties. Every previous digital commodity which has existed (for example, WoW gold, your bank account) has relied from one instant to the next on the stewardship of one or more third parties vested with deep conflict of interest *for it's very continued existance*, let alone security and function.
It is valuable because owning Bitcoin represents a store of scarce wealth over which you may exercise perfect autonomy using information security instead of physical security. You can store any vast amount of it with less security expense than valuable physical commodities: by way of simply guarding a short secret instead of physically defending a bunker. It can naturally be transported across distance and to new holders with less average expense per mile than any other store of value in the history of mankind (including aforementioned digital commodities).
Bitcoin has a panoply of unique distinctions, but these are the foundational ones I can think to describe off the cuff.
A majority of the rest of the questions after this hinge upon Bitcoin not having a reliably measurable value, so I will skip most of those.


I've made certain not to rely on my bitcoin holdings for continued solvency. That's the best advice I can really give anyone: "don't bet the farm on it" so long as you've a farm to defend to begin with.


All the political, legal and speculative drama mean exactly jack shit to me. I think the biggest threat is either that the technology somehow fails (perhaps a bug or unexpected event so big the miners and developers cannot stay ahead of it to prevent the system from failing) or that another system rises up with virtually every salient advantage Bitcoin already demonstrates, plus a dominant and overwhelming list of additional ones to steal our thunder. Not that I'd even be mad in that case, mind you. ;3
@_date: 2013-06-19 20:45:34
test comment. Hello there commenty comments, how u doin? :P
@_date: 2013-04-13 03:48:42


Bitcoin fulfills the need of unassisted autonomous exchange over a digital medium. It does so uniquely as well, there exist no other known technological solutions to this problem.


Bitcoin meets every criteria listed in the more detailed paragraph, as well.
@_date: 2013-08-07 12:07:44
Understood, but in that case [the article (in some form) was already submitted to the sub](
@_date: 2013-07-11 17:33:10
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news.
@_date: 2013-03-08 23:14:31
If anyone seriously tries to hit you with their worries about a competing cryptocurrncy, just remind them about Facebook. Their software is a steaming pile of shit, but even social networks built on superior software platforms could never oust them because of network effects.
@_date: 2013-03-11 14:21:06
Thanks for bringing this up, it needed to be said.
Zero confirmation Bitcoin transactions *can* be revoked, but it's hard. Beyong one block the expense/risk of such an attack passes from &lt;$100usd to probably tens of thousands of usd. After two blocks, millions of usd etc.
Credit card / paypal / every other kind of instant electronic transaction *can* be revoked, and it takes up to 180 days for that spectre to clear entirely.
Loss is a risk all merchants calculate, and Bitcoin is a much lower risk than paypal/cc for most face to face transactions because timing is a big factor in zero conf attacks, while anyone can easily spend up to 3 luxurious months prepping to claim identity theft.
+tip 25mbtc
@_date: 2013-03-02 01:45:59
I would see if you could talk them into it, yeah. It's their infrastructure and their opportunity they are missing out on. See if you can work out a percentage agreement if you do the work to maintain the mining software or such. :3
@_date: 2013-02-19 18:37:45
Sweet beans! As my research on the core protocol and on using Bitcoind/QT's json interface progresses, I'll keep an eye out to hoop together an implementation to facilitate this.
I just wanted to check first and make sure I wasn't offbase, or that the method would not in fact somehow be either ineffective or insecure first.
Thanks! +tip 0.02 btc
@_date: 2013-02-20 00:31:30
Damn straight.
It's Jazz and Liquor.
And Violent Video Games. :9
@_date: 2013-06-04 20:41:27
I ordered from them, sent them an email, and heard nothing back. So I eventually just posted on and got 3 offers to buy my thing for me in as many days. :S
@_date: 2013-04-09 00:48:04
You can transfer value to any other party in the world without first seeking consent of companies who intend to fleece you.
It's up to you if you'll transfer some portion of your magic stockpile of self-replicating value, but short of selling off the farm I am comfortable doing this. If *you're* not then you're the one transfixed by greed and it's not my problem. ;3
Look at it this way. Let's say there's this new currency market where you can literally grant somebody one year of your life (just an example, or fractions thereof). Transactions over, and now they're going to live a year longer than they otherwise would have while you'll live a year shorter. Would everyone hoard life and nobody spend it or produce value within their own life to trade back off to others? Why don't you ask organ or blood donors that question.
@_date: 2013-07-08 01:01:15
[You've already posted this](
@_date: 2013-08-15 20:34:33
It's noteworthy that with a long enough view the wellbeing of "everyone involved" with the things you involve yourself in is actually the logical conclusion of self-interest.
If you care about your own well being, and you are invested in anything (computers, bitcoin, crypto, self-determination) and if you have sufficient influence, patience or forsight to take a long view then safeguarding everyone involved leads to the greatest returns for yourself.
Thus in my own moral code, evil is basically defined as nothing more than a function of short-sightedness. ;3
@_date: 2013-11-06 20:33:18
0.004 is the first value MtGox reported when they began exchanging them for USD though. It's also commensurate with the first recorded real-world exchange of BTC for physical goods, 10kbtc for ~$40usd worth of pizza.
@_date: 2013-03-04 22:06:12
Folks have mentioned the Friction aspect. True arbitrage involves holding large enough reserves in all respective currencies in all the markets you link that you can just slosh the funds against the grain of price difference until they equalize, and then sync up your unbalanced balances behind the scenes. BUT, the small profits you can realize from performing this service are challenging to justify in the face of holding large balances at market sites which might collapse on you. :O
As for MtGox vs BTC-e, BTC-e has tremendous sell pressure from people cashing out via the OK-pay debit card and English speakers being stymied trying to figure out how to fund BTC-e USD via Russian-language site liqpay. 8I
Figure that out though, and by golly they have some cheap coins available. :D
@_date: 2013-02-25 06:09:05
Hey, if you do post here so we can all follow your progress. :B
@_date: 2013-03-10 10:29:03
My action is needed now? Like I have $800kusd to donate to Roger, or to exchange for electronic goods I could never get $800kusd of use out of?
I bought a bunch of usb keyboards I didn't really need, just because I tend to go through those (so I might need them in the future) and that is one item cheaper through here than other places. 
If people are hoarding because *they* believe the unit value will go up, then the solution is to slash the prices to reflect that same commitment at the merchant. Don't be 1% cheaper than bigbox on 30% of your stock, go 30% cheaper on 99% of the stock and go long on Bitcoin if you expect to reach these levels of volume. Because then you'll actually attract non-coiners to get off their ass, and coiners to get great deals and possibly even reflog your product.
@_date: 2013-09-04 22:56:38
[Gyft]( already covers this. Still not bad for these guys to do so, I'm just saying my focus is on places Gyft et al *don't* already service. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-19 21:36:28
* News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news.
@_date: 2013-09-27 22:55:13
But that is the only feedback this article offers regarding the IRS communication to the grocer. Article does not suggest that IRS offered any further advice or warning, you are just [filling in blanks to suit your own expectations](
@_date: 2013-05-21 22:14:56
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:
* No referral links in submissions.
* No compilations of free Bitcoin sites.
@_date: 2013-03-10 11:01:04
@_date: 2013-03-28 20:05:08
I got the same, emails were old transactions. (Not many "metoos" in this thread and lots of "zomg phishing!"'s so I wanted to make sure my data point gets counted. :B
@_date: 2013-03-24 03:09:24
I still doesn't facebewk T\^T
@_date: 2013-02-19 06:41:46
A&gt; you can know things you don't have the wealth to double down on. I, for example, cannot buy any more bitcoin than I have right now because I've run out of disposable income to turn in that direction. 
Few people command so much wealth that they can push the price up until the unit price matches their idealized buyout price.
B&gt; we are in the stage where most people have never heard of bitcoin, and of those who do that want to participate, they will *have* to purchase coin to do so, engendering fresh demand and driving the price up.
Add to that new merchant adoption, new ways of making Bitcoin useful to existing users, etc. As more people want a fixed sized pie, each slice must become more expensive.
Our community combined only has so much wealth at our disposal, and that is relfected by our current market cap. As more users with more wealth choose to participate, they will inflate that market cap. Fixed supply means they will directly inflate the price.
@_date: 2013-06-04 16:35:44
@_date: 2013-02-22 06:26:33
Well, for starters the image is old. Our [market cap]( has grown, so now Bitcoin is taking up 3.4 pixels of that image. :P
@_date: 2013-02-28 09:19:12
I don't think he was a CEO back then. :D
@_date: 2013-03-12 01:58:08
.. not until you hit 500kb block sizes, it seems.
@_date: 2013-06-24 22:03:16


The topic of this comment thread is how Satoshi was clever not to make himself a target. He's quite literally unreachable.
Gavin et al may have been "known" before, but creating software on your own and being paid by the community in naught but Bitcoin gives "regulators" or any part of the state less plausible-looking justification to interfere with you than when you're the sole employee of a large organization comprised of every industry leader hosting conferences, advertising, generating PR and courting investors.
@_date: 2013-05-16 04:53:16
Condescension is also an emotional appeal. I'm not your momma, I'm just pointing out what I see.
@_date: 2013-02-04 07:29:53


I can respect that. For everyone's benefit though, I think it would be boss if you could wrap your head around this particularly archane concept as well. :D
I've written a bit of a novel below, but if you prefer video over text try the youtube series [Gambling with Secrets]( It's fairly low budget, which can most acutely be seen in the first installment, but once it gets moving it's well worth it. :Q_
First: the security of any passphrase is defined by it's entropy multiplied by an attackers expected speed of iteration.
* Entropy: you can figure this out by thinking "I chose this passphrase, but I could have chosen another. Based on what an attacker might guess about me, or about people in my demographic, how many total passwords might I have selected at random?" For example: Let's say you choose the name of a snow white dwarf as your password, and that an attacker knows that you will do this. You're only choosing from a keyspace of 7 possible passwords, which is a tiny amount of entropy. An attacker brute forcing your password has a 1/7 chance of getting it at random. log2(7) = ~2.8 bits of entropy. this figure gets even worse if everybody knows you have a soft spot for Grumpy dwarf. :P
Using a 4-digit long bank pin? There are 10,000 possible permutations total. That's log2(10,000) = ~13.3 bits of entropy. An attacker has a 1/10,000 chance of guessing your password per attempt. If everyone knows you are inordinantly fond of pi, then the likelihood your pin is 3141 is high enough to guess that one first. Again, personal preference works against the quality of entropy by biasing which possibilities an attacker needs to check. The best passwords are chosen from a template pattern 100% at random and then memorized by the user, instead of chosen by user preference in an attempt to make it easier to remember.
* Attacker's speed of iteration: If an attacker is forced to make a login request attempt at a highly secure online provider, who will lock the account for X minutes after Y attempts and block spammy IP addresses and alert admins, users and law enforcement to hacking attempts, then attackers cannot test very many passphrase possibilities in a short timeframe. If an attacker has broken into a service and stolen a hash of your password, then they can brute force the hash locally. Unstrengthened hashes can be tested on a single, standard PC at 1-10 **b**illion iterations per second, or with specialized hardware at hundreds of **tr**illions per second. Hashes strengthened by scrypt can slow that attack process by a factor of 1 thousand to 1 million, which certainly helps. Obviously, if you reasonably expect your password hash to be comprimised, your password must have at minimum 50-60 bits of entropy. 
Brain wallets are even weaker in this regard. The "hash" of your password is exactly your bitcoin address. If you have any balance, then your address is publicly broadcast to every attacker on earth via the blockchain. They can and undoubtedly are brute forcing every address on the chain in case people created them using low entropy brainwallet passphrase seeds, and they are doing this entirely offline, 24/7. The instant they find a matching seed (generally only possible when users choose a bad passphrase to seed their deterministic brain wallets), they undoubtedly empty that account. Thus, the trick to making a passphrase-based brainwallet secure is to ensure sufficient entropy to make this attack vector impractical.
Ideally, you will want to use 160 bits of entropy. You can try to use more, but the bitcoin addresses themselves only represent a 160 bit cryptspace so more entropy than that would literally be wasted. A brainwallet with 160 bits of entropy is indistinguishably as secure as a perfectly arbitrary bitcoin keypair.
To get that much entropy, using the understandably popular [passphrase method]( choosing from a 2,048 word dictionary and chosing those words strictly at random (eg deciding via diceroll, or /dev/urandom etc, and NOT choosing "the preamble of the constitution" or anything with grammatic pattern or your favortite foods) will require about 15-16 words.
It is quite reasonable to expect that all of mankind combined will lack the bare capacity (available input power times technology) to build a machine that could even count from 0 to 2^160 over the next thousand years. Compare that exponential result with the fact that I can brute force every possible password against an unstrenthened hash in a 2^32 keyspace in under a minute on my smartphone, and it becomes clear how, why, and where cryptographers draw the lines in the sand that we do. :)
@_date: 2013-04-16 23:56:28
It seems they're throwing in buildings at odd times. Like "FDIC insurance fund" is this huge building, next to the Statue of Liberty, with no monetary value associated to the building. That segment of the graphic only shows tiny palettes of cash on the ground. "Top 5 banks" segment does the same thing.
Is that a placeholder for some missing orders of magnitude of money they want to slowly ease the viewers eyeballs into? õ_O
@_date: 2013-03-12 02:04:02
Devs do not expect any transactions to be reversed, all transactions are visible to both chains and are getting mined in both blocks. It's just that the 0.8+ miners generated and then accepted a block the 0.7 miners could not handle, so 0.7's took the exact same transactions and started forming different blocks out of them.
@_date: 2013-01-30 02:22:33
.. for users who even read English.
Basically you're making the argument that it is better for BCI's bottom line to look professional to English speakers in your locale than it is to even be accessible to non-English speakers.
The latter case has clear revenue loss, people who can't use a service can't pay you. Are you suggesting that a distasteful workaround to reach that market, and a jumping off point for any freelance translators to improve is going to turn away a greater volume of bilingual customers than that?
@_date: 2013-11-23 07:16:40
And they'll receive local fiat, or else what would I do with SEK in the US? :o
Also .. since the identifier is your phone number you couldn't have people donate to you for example without also being able to telephone and text you, potentially dig up more PII about you based on that one personal data point .. etc.
@_date: 2013-04-19 22:28:00
I dunno, on Vista especially almost everybody turns off UAC because otherwise you'll spend 90% of your time clicking on dialog boxes just to confirm that you really want to open the start menu, and then that you really wanted to confirm the last dialog. :P
@_date: 2013-04-07 22:07:10
Also, you may have to use a client which allows you to form said transaction or change the settings in the client you presently use. :3
@_date: 2013-03-07 10:25:59
I would appreciate it if the big exchanges, esp MtGox, voluntarily posted their aggregate deposit/withdrawal volumes in each currency, say per hour. This could help speculators determine things like whether there exists trade volume to support price moves, as well as your analysis without harming anyone's anonymity.
@_date: 2013-02-16 13:00:18


[me too D:](
Yes, engraved private key works great. You're only left with the challenge of still keeping it secret. :3
But my paper wallets are encrypted and stored in fire proof safety deposit box, so there's that. &lt;3
@_date: 2013-12-13 04:18:49
Oh crap, how could I have been so foolish. Who can argue against such iron-clad logic as "worse than not good", and such unimpeachable sources as "doi"?
@_date: 2013-05-22 22:49:19
[Link already submitted 3 days ago](
We appreciate people announcing their new services in this sub, and new features that they work out and wish to discuss. But just announcing where the price point is with another link to your site isn't cricket. :/
@_date: 2013-05-22 22:52:57
Warning: I notice that you appear to be shadowbanned. D:
Symptoms: when not logged in, trying to view your account page at only gives a 404. (that and your posts here show up in my spam filter with strikeout)
I recommend [messaging the admins]( to see what's going on. Good luck!
@_date: 2013-03-09 11:21:08
I think a big thing they could do is allow you to gild article submissions instead of just comments. :&lt;
@_date: 2013-01-25 01:58:53
Bit .. coin? Is that what my parents used to call the millibit?
Oh, a THOUSAND millibits? Haha, oh. You're saying they were worth twenty whats? Doll hairs? :O
@_date: 2013-02-25 23:39:34
I both emailed and called them in September, 2012 and never heard back until January.
BFL, not even once.
@_date: 2013-09-15 10:08:07
On that page, it looks like it's illegal to *transact* that much. Still relevant in this situation, I just don't see any ban on *carrying*.
For example, I carry $21k into starbucks, transact ~$7k each to three different, unrelated bitcoin traders there. That doesn't sound like it would satisfy the requirements of form 8300.
@_date: 2013-03-02 01:13:38
+tip flip
Now you can be *spoiled* xD
@_date: 2013-02-02 01:05:04
I wonder if could be cajoled into either folding this into his bitcointip enhancement userscript, or making a dropdown of different bitcoin gold providers people can select? :J
@_date: 2013-10-23 19:19:16
Yeah, I think she was being hyperbolic. Either that or she and her friends honestly did not know whether or not they were about to step into the radar of a drugged out junkie from Requiem for a Dream. ;3
@_date: 2013-04-04 19:43:17
No pain, no gain.
@_date: 2013-04-09 04:00:58
Just barely enough to play a bit at [BitVegas]( too.
(I'm a sucker for Minecraft, heh heh ;3 )
@_date: 2013-01-15 01:11:29
Sometimes you want to bank..
o/~ *Where everybody knows your naaaame!* o/~
@_date: 2013-02-17 01:27:11
Do a quick search for OP's posted donation address through Reddit:
Iiiiiiinteresting and highly conflicted begging exploits to be found. ;P
@_date: 2013-02-18 05:49:47
I don't think goods will be priced in BTC for some time still, just because the value of BTC varies against CPI more frequently than USD does. Partly because of USD's higher market cap (unit price times volume in circulation), and partly because the US government does it's best to manipulate CPI to favor it's currency.
But I'm not shy of goods being priced in USD as long as I can buy them with the matching volume of BTC, because I have every reason to believe BTC's purchasing power will constantly grow against that of USD leaving it a competitive place to store wealth, and spending directly out of that balance to participating merchants is both faster and cheaper than buying or selling Fiat as an intermediate step.
So far as the ATMs, yeah they can buy and sell USD automatically at rates favoring the ATM by several percent (probably in the neighborhood of BitInstant's fees; they would be way more convenient :P). They can index off of the MtGox rate, but that doesn't force the ATM owners to actually exchange coins on MtGox. They are best served holding their own reserves of both USD and BTC to sell back and forth, and only exchanging coins when they feel an imbalance on one side or the other. They can perform that exchange on any market they wish, possibly even choosing a market which favors their side of the buy over MtGox.
For example, when I'm doing small BTC sells I find that [VirWoX]( has rates favoring the seller about 50% of the time, sometimes so much so that I gain enough profit over the MtGox rate that it pays all the VirWoX fees with a little left over.
That's not the only market where arbitrage opportunities exist, either. Basically, any cross-currency ATM provider is directly in the business of optimizing any such opportunities to their own benefit; and customers get fast, anonymous and relatively inexpensive Bitcoin buying/selling opportunities out of the bargain too. :3
@_date: 2013-08-28 23:47:28
The stock market is not a fractal. The stock market is a collection of empirical events. What you are meaning to claim in this article is "The movements in the stock market can be predicted using fractal modeling". That claim at least represents an upgrade [from nonsense to falsehood](
@_date: 2013-05-26 06:56:29
Meh, perhaps a better term to bandy about is "inarguable value" then. So far as currency goes, we're talking about the factors which define the price floor: what a certain measure of the commodity will be worth regardless of speculative circumstances.
For Gold, that's jewelry and electronics. For Bitcoin, it's mining transaction fees.
@_date: 2013-08-08 19:30:45
One potential enemy to Bitcoin is any individual or organization who is jealous that they did not invest when the risk/price profile was different, or anyone who wants to pump a currency that directly benefits them instead. Government fiat, pre-mined alt coins, etc.
When your wealth is not already denominated in Bitcoin, and you have to pay roughly $100usd per coin to get in today, lots of people will expend effort to discourage this savings vehicle in favor of their own.
@_date: 2013-02-04 10:26:22
Alright, how long did it take for [Paypal]( to obtain dominance in the p2p payment space? They have 4.4bil annual revenue, and if Bitcoin were that size then an individual using it to move $70mil USD would be no sweat.
Bitcoin today has a market cap comparable to that of [the Secondlife Economy]( Linden Labs has been grooming their virtual economy for ten years now just to grow to that size, while Bitcoin reached this level after only 2 years of effective exposure.
I see Bitcoin as a transformative platform. Just like Google and Twitter and, yes, even Paypal before it. It provides a service to the public nothing else can outperform, thus the eventuality of it's success is not tightly coupled with it's short term revenue potential. Google was the most popular search engine on earth before they got a single revenue stream. Twitter, nearly as old, both invented and dominated the niche industry of microblogging and they *still* don't even have a meaningful revenue stream. 8I
@_date: 2013-03-01 23:53:44


The answer given "no internet" is "no mining", because even though bandwidth requirements are low you do need to learn about new transactions and new found blocks you'll be notarizing on a constant basis, when you find a block you'll need to publish that, and if you want to participate in a pool (hint: you do) you'll need to publish miniblocks/shares (continual proof of work) even more frequently. 
Thus my answer to your question in general is to directly attack your stated assumptions and ask "really, why no internet?" If the processing power really is well suited to high performance SHA-256 math (1GH/s minimum) and going unused, then whoever maintains this machine has direct profit incentive to figure out how to get at least some low bandwidth communication into the machine. At present I am lead to believe a 56k telephone modem worth of data transfer will be sufficient, and if you do the work to rig it all up the machine won't even really need raw TCP access; just some way to signal at sufficient speed back and forth to a controlling computer which does.
What kind of hardware communication capacity does the machine have? No ethernet, no modem port? No usb, firewire, rs232, LPT? Could you open up the case and plug in an extra ISA/PCI/PCIe card? Hell if the computing resource were rich enough, I'd even consider abusing a PS/2 port for it. :P
@_date: 2013-08-28 19:39:16
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news.
Nobody subscribes to WSJ to read your initially posted story and the nytimes story is nothing but news about how two governments are handling a banking dispute.
How do you even suggest this is related to bitcoin?
* If we used Bitcoin, this would never happen?
* Look, world governments are working out their differences, so maybe we don't need Bitcoin after all?
* Who needs banks to evade taxes when Bitcoin could be used to evade taxes?
* Bitcoin could be used to settle bank debt between different countries?
* All of the amazing fashions you see these important dignitaries wearing might have been bought using Bitcoin, let's blow up clothing outlet twitter feeds until they comply?
Or is it the perennial standby:
* Things that *don't* involve bitcoin always make me personally uncomfortable for probably different reasons than the next guy over there, but let's all upvote unrelated content because of the myriad ways it reminds each of us personally about unrelated reasons we feel like venting.
@_date: 2013-09-16 00:41:41
It contains a buck and a quarter, at today's rate. [bci](
@_date: 2013-02-22 00:09:37
My perspective is that Bitcoin is digital cash. Governments already tax cash, as well as Barter under which umbrella Bitcoin already fits. It's just a matter of how simple it is for the IRS to quantify your Bitcoin transactions.
Automatic quantification of every transaction through banking records is a very recent development, but governments have been taxing the public through self-reporting and lifestyle analysis for millennia, and they've gotten very skilled at it. You do a big enough transaction to show up on the tax radar, there's a good chance your counterparty is reporting it which leaves you holding the bag if you don't. (see: prisoner's dilemma). Buying cars or houses or taking trips or other highly visible, impossible not to report purchases which wouldn't be supported by the income you're reporting? Hello, audit.
Bitcoin gives under-the-table accountants a new form of electronic/cash currency to play with, but it's not the most shocking thing to ever happen from a government perspective and by and large, for all white market activities it is still going to get taxed.
@_date: 2013-09-04 18:07:16
[Localbitcoins]( is the best route to find individuals locally who trade in cash. LBC handles the escrow, to help secure you even if the person you go to trade with turns out to be less than trustworthy.
[Coinbase]( is the best bet in the US if you'd like to purchase Bitcoins from your bank account.
@_date: 2013-03-15 18:55:30
[Link for the lazy](
I notice you've got The Watchmen, but no Scott Pilgrim.
At just under $10usd s/h, I'd like to get a bunch of stuff together, but those are the only things I can think of that I want presently. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-02 01:17:00
yes he did. "First x% of people to Y" implies that 100% will eventually Y.
@_date: 2013-02-26 08:31:48


Thank you for putting words into [the slashdot poster's mouth]( who actually drew the original parallel in this discussion between Bitcoin and Gold having no primary evaluation drivers beyond monetary value. What *he* meant (as can be extrapolated from his post) is "Why does somebody want to buy it from you at $1500+/oz?"
Why would any other use value really matter? You can't obtain it cheaper than $1500/oz, so what's the point of debating use values that could only sustain prices on the order of [a dollar per oz]( How would the sudden reproducibility of gold (the only reasonable power that could undermine it's monetary value; [end of scarcity]( not render the difference between losing 99.93% of your precious metals investment and 100% of your investment laughable?
@_date: 2013-07-13 18:48:45
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-02-07 01:19:50
TIL what [Bloom Filers]( is. The first time I'd ever seen that phrase was in the graphics options for Portal I, so I always assumed it just had to do with 3d lens flares or approximating pupil dilation and retinal attenuation from bright light sources, or something. ;3
@_date: 2013-05-02 22:19:31
Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere. Take it to maybe?
@_date: 2013-02-25 23:07:52
No downvotes from here, but I'm guessing that since Bandwidth bottlenecks are one of the major issues, that allowing larger blocks may actually represent less of a bandwidth problem than allowing more frequent blocks on average.
On the flipside of the coin however, newer math shows that more frequent blocks are harder to 51% over equivalent wait time periods (eg, blocks twice as often where you wait twice as many confirms are an order of magnitude safer, blocks twice as often where you wait 1 or 2 extra confirms are both safer and faster, etc) paid for by the side effect of significant increase in orphaned blocks.
@_date: 2013-02-28 22:15:18
$366 million usd presently. Not sure if measurement error on your part or it's just grown that much in 7 hours? ;3
In either case, give it a week and we'll [finish coloring in that fourth pixel]( :P
@_date: 2013-01-13 04:06:20
How is that chart measured, per day or average per block in each sample? 8I
@_date: 2013-04-28 03:18:36
Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere. Like marz2292 recommends, it's probably best to take this over to @_date: 2013-01-07 02:35:13
I like what gavin says about test cases.
If the protocol is to evolve beyond the source code of a single implementation, then I vote for that evolution to be towards a test suite.
"This test suite is the bitcoin protocol. Your software is compliant iff it passes all the tests in the suite. End of line." Then as the protocol needs to evolve, the test suite evolves. Test suites are way easier to make readable than code is, since tests are less overloaded and more single-purpose than code. Plus it's automatically a tool you can use to confirm the conformance of whatever code you write.
You go, Gavin. :B
@_date: 2013-04-17 05:18:34
* Do not use URL shortening services: always submit the real link.
* No referral links in submissions.
@_date: 2013-05-20 18:50:22
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:
* Do not use URL shortening services: always submit the real link.
* No referral links in submissions.
* No compilations of free Bitcoin sites.
@_date: 2013-11-23 20:54:14


How am I nitpicking? I explain below that *precisely* how being decentralized, not simply being digital (all the world's fiat is primarily represented as digital bank balances too) is what leads to Bitcoin's frictionless nature.


Yes I do. A breathtaking number of new and diverse currencies (/s) [who's **total combined** market cap is twenty times smaller than Bitcoin itself]( and who rise and fall basically in response to Bitcoin to boot leaving that exchange ratio magnitudes less volatile than Bitcoin::fiat.
Now compare this to Linden Dollars, World of Warcraft and Diablo gold, privately held giftcard balances at a thousand major retailers, Amazon coins, Facebook credits, Liberty Reserve and eGold both before they got shut down (and why could they be shut down? Oh yes .. they were centralized). Those are all digital currencies of some stripe or another which got used at least as much as Bitcoin and can claim meaningful ease of use pros or cons compared to Bitcoin instead of just riding along with our coat tails.
And they are all centralized which means they will at minimum all stand in line behind governmental bureaucracy, never being allowed to be "too convenient" or else they will get (and have been) shut down.
@_date: 2013-08-29 21:25:20
That's right. The best way to think of this is that you are "tipping" your wallet address. The word "all" acts as a valid amount. :D
@_date: 2013-04-08 20:59:15


I think they already know that, Fincen paper never mentioned bitcoin by name but defined an entire umbrella of cryptocurrency that successfully describe all presently known forks to Bitcoin.
I think if there is a successful attack against Bitcoin, we'd have to fall back to an alt which is strong in specifically the areas where Bitcoin was foiled. I don't see Litecoin fitting that bill since it only has two differences neither of which seem to describe exploitable vulnerabilities in Bitcoin.


I don't think they will unless LTC unit price first rose enough to make mining it at current difficulty rake in more revenue than electricity costs, let alone at what the difficulty would rise to with a bunch of fallen Bitcoin miners entering the fray.
No, Bitcoin miners will see more profit mining vanity addresses, at present.
@_date: 2013-04-29 22:25:50
Thank you much. Quite more readable now. :D
I think Bitcoin was designed from the ground up with accelerated returns in mind. Look at the blockchain: Satoshi knew that we have reached the tipping point where commodity hardware is up to the task of mirroring the entire global financial ledger as it expands over time.
@_date: 2013-06-29 02:50:23
Yeah, it probably parsed that as 20 satoshis or something. Just pester into adding that unicode cent .. thing .. into the regex. :D
@_date: 2013-05-06 21:31:12
Aww, I was going to plug "tit4bit" when I read this comment, but I looked and their website seems out of commish now. D:
@_date: 2013-08-14 00:51:22
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* No referral links in submissions.
@_date: 2013-01-13 04:03:43
I do! Almost every Bitcoin forum discussion I see off-reddit (with no downvoting, although the same happens in Slashdot...) and outside of Bitcoin-specific areas [basically boils down to this](
@_date: 2013-01-26 07:29:57
Does that mean I am X.5?
Or, maybe I'm a little too young. X.509? :B
@_date: 2013-03-15 18:24:52
Market cap is popular because the formula cancels out many unknowns, leaving us with a good indication of the *perceived* value of a currency's broader economy.
Price is de facto decided by the MtGox exchange rate today, just because they do the most volume by an order of magnitude. They only have so many bitcoin in their order books, and buying all that bitcoin is all it would take to theoretically "move" the price down to zero. However that is not the value of the economy. As you saw during the fork, moves like that are rapidly eaten by the sheer volume of people who would love to purchase coin below it's present price because they know it's worth that.
When everything cancels out, it would probably take $500 million USD, give or take, of short sentiment to drive the exchange rate down a magnitude from where we are today; and to keep it there for any length of time.
@_date: 2013-03-04 23:42:32
People who are serious about Bitcoin secure revenue in BTC as well. If your salary is paid in BTC instead of USD (I'm presently awaiting our accountants to duke this out, and then my employer will begin accepting business directly in BTC and paying much of that out to employees) then it's a lot easier to come to the point where you're swimming in BTC and the USD can optionally run dry.
So long as you're limiting your perspective on BTC to "a retirement vehicle" then the only reason you're not spending it is because you're choosing not to interact with it outside of the context of a nest egg.
It begs the question to attack the currency value of a given commodity based solely on your own prejudice not to actually treat it like a currency. Establish direct BTC revenue and your deflationary concerns no longer apply.
@_date: 2013-02-24 08:28:38
Alright, well I haven't heard any of the backend details on this particular ATM. Doest though have a link you can share with the class? :3
@_date: 2013-01-06 20:49:18
+tip 0.03btc for explanation of Candlestick graphs which helped explain the idea to me, even if you're still not grokking it? ;3
@_date: 2013-01-12 15:49:19
I think this is a fair argument that Bitcoin's success hinges upon it's unit value multiplied by transaction volume.
I was hoping to reply by bringing back [the daily transactions chart]( and talking about how that is climbing at a rate which would decimate the per-transaction cost before that became an issue, but was surprised to find that chart not climbing any faster than the unit value. (strangely it seems to rise and fall in lockstep with the unit value. 8I)
@_date: 2013-11-16 00:26:42
I never accused him of disobeying his job, just disobeying your initial categorization. That's all. ;)
@_date: 2013-07-07 05:27:23
Rofl, I lost interest when I stopped being able to superimpose one bit of a graph somebody else renders for me over another bit in GIMP. :D
@_date: 2013-03-21 13:27:45
I want encrypted paper wallets, and your screenshot lead me on to believe I would find that option active at the bitaddress.org place. T^T
I guess the big question, is what offline utility would allow you to decrypt the private key, again? :3
@_date: 2013-06-03 07:15:28
The work that a miner really does for the network is "notarization". Millions of people make bitcoin transactions, and somebody has to notarize those: to sign them in such a way as to say "yes, this transaction is official!"
A "block" is a document output by the miners which notarizes a few hundred transactions at a time. This document is not signed by an official seal, or by a PGP encryption key, or an SSL certificate. It is signed by "proof of work".
The Algorithm governs tens of thousands of miners right across the world who are all competing to solve a math problem. The problem is not only hard to solve, it's very very easy to design and to set the difficulty for, and once solved it's very very easy for anyone with a watch battery computer to verify both that the answer is correct, and that the problem really, really was that hard to solve. The difficulty is set just right so that everyone who has been competing for the last couple of weeks, all combined, are liable to find an answer every 10 minutes.
That answer is the signature. The proof that you worked alongside a world-full of miners to find that answer just in time to notarize the transaction. That way *who* you are as a miner is not important. You don't have to be "Verisign", or speak on behalf of the US government, or have any sort of reputation which matters. Instead, you just have to have sacrificed the effort along with the rest of the world and got lucky. But your notarization must still be true and accurate, because if you try to lie your *block* will not get notarized in turn by the next miner.
So you don't really care if your transaction gets notarized by Hitler himself, he could not have notarized it without playing by every rule and putting in the requisite work and *that's all that matters*.
Each block pays off a reward of 25 newly minted bitcoins to the miner (or the pool) who found it. You also get to claim all of the transaction fees offered in the transactions which you notarized. Over time that first value will wane while that second value will balloon, becoming the primary motivator.
@_date: 2013-03-22 18:05:29
True, but anyone who wants to trade bitcoin derivatives and futures would still not be able to trade those on the same footing as (conflate the with) M0 Bitcoins in order to inflate the money supply or directly depress the M0 exchange rate. :3
@_date: 2013-03-07 09:18:45
Makes the site look more popular to other people logging in, even if the camper just camps. Also, admins probably kick campers who just go idle; I know I would. :P
Since you can't just stay idle, you've got to move around and then the experience itself is a giant advertisement to go interact with all the shineys. Same reason online content can be free and publishers make money on the ads. :3
@_date: 2013-07-17 18:56:25
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news.
@_date: 2013-09-06 18:15:39
If nobody is an expert in cryptography then why should you fear other people (who by your claim are not experts) can defeat it?
@_date: 2013-07-08 00:50:54
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* No referral links in submissions.
Were it not for the referral link, [BitVegas is still hardly news]( :J
@_date: 2013-06-08 15:53:58
Lol, [the real bug report is here]( :3
@_date: 2013-04-19 22:41:33
I like this idea. As a mod, I was a bit intimidated by hosting the btcto.com thread. I have to approve submissions and comments often with incomplete context or understanding of the context, so the inherent deception necessary to pentesting made it really difficult for me to determine what comments are trolls or security threats versus benign, ontopic discussion. :o
@_date: 2013-04-30 06:34:31
Please refer to our community rules in the sidebar:
* Do not use URL shortening services: always submit the real link.
@_date: 2013-02-23 03:54:24
They've said they want to be the Paypal of Bitcoin. Who does more service to customers "dipping a casual toe in the water" than Paypal? :P
@_date: 2013-03-16 18:11:59
It's hard to foment rebellion when people say things that conflate law with morality. Perhaps that wasn't your intent, but it sure sounded like you were defending government and law beyond reproach. :J
@_date: 2013-03-13 12:16:59
To be fair though, cash ≠ fiat. When gold is used as money, "cash" is an appropriate term for that, too. :3
@_date: 2013-04-10 19:55:50
The problem I have is I'm not sure where to *get* any cheap coins.
I sold a few BTC on Gox and left the USD at low buy points I figured might never get reached, but I could rearrange them rapidly when a dip comes. Well, they got reached. I don't know any way to actually put fresh USD into Gox, esecially not before the price climbs back up to heaven knows where.
*wait*, no I've got it. On my lunch break I'll sell a couple BTC on Bitfloor to cash in on the high price there, and then buy at low prices on OTC.
**TL;DR** I think I'm sorted. Thanks, guys!
@_date: 2013-07-22 02:48:09
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
For trade advertisements, I'd recommend :3
@_date: 2013-01-04 18:11:46
I didn't think you voted my comments down, and neither have I yours. 
Laypeople have just as hard a time visualizing the difference between 0 and 10^-78 as they do infinity and 10^78. All four of those figures are squarely outside of the quantum capacity of this universe to physically represent.
Bitcoin addresses can become more numerous on our collective hard drives than coins or paper notes can, but they must still be physically represented in this universe as readable, causal information. For the next century or so, that is furthermore limited to this tiny blue planet. 
@_date: 2013-11-15 23:10:38
.. and I never critized Mike, did I?
statement was factually inaccurate and I corrected him.
I also feel disappointed that you can defend Mike's subtle subtext while completely misapprehending mine.
@_date: 2013-08-15 22:32:28
Alright, next question is that even if cartels may have greater motive to cause harm to SR, have they the opportunity? DEA could partner with other agencies to search data from comprimised tor exit nodes, etc. How is a cartel going to track down who is what in SR?
@_date: 2013-01-14 22:47:14
Yes. demonstrably in the charts, hashrate follows bitcoin unit price and difficulty follows hashrate. There is no demonstration of meaningful changes in difficulty preceding meaningfully similar fluctuations in unit price.
@_date: 2013-09-08 08:51:51
I don't know about that theory, Satoshi win payments propagate just fine and they depend directly on the bets.
@_date: 2013-03-08 02:07:33
Another thing to keep in mind is that the block reward halved in late November, instantly slicing our supply inflation down from 25% annual to 12.5% annual. It took maybe a month for that supply change to filter into the exchanges, and then starting in early january the price began rising at a steady $0.36usd/day.
Big bounces like we've seen this week come from news events like Coinlab's US relationship with MtGox, and represent prices dancing about *above* the $0.36usd/day natural ramp upwards.
We shouldn't *ever* see $20usd again unless something very broken happens to bitcoin. We're at a [$500million usd market cap]( today and drops in price would only represent a drop in the market cap, or usefulness of the currency to handle more transaction volume. What we *will* see is zeros suffixed to the price, so get them cheap sub-$50 coins while they are still available. :o
@_date: 2013-01-07 00:18:50
A: Why brass, instead of ordinary nails?
B: Why nails instead of food, weapons/ammo?
Be's curious. :J
@_date: 2013-03-03 23:17:36
[This guy]( claims to have successfully defeated this checksum protection on accident. :P
@_date: 2013-04-13 05:05:35


There is no "far more important", supply and demand are the two legs of value. Either one at the extreme can make a commodity worthless. The supply-side extreme is infinite availability: you'll never pay somebody else for a fungible asset that's easier for you to simply res up your own copy of. F/E: Picasso prints without copyright protection. Moreso if reprinting them costs nothing in ink and paper.


You don't have to imagine this at all. Litecoin, Namecoin, Terracoin, PPC, Testnet. There aren't just thirty, there are hundreds.
1\. They are not as valuable as Bitcoin because Bitcoin has more support, more infrastructure built out, more active development, a stronger mining pool, and more merchant adoption. Furthermore, since none of them are dominantly superior there are no demand forces available to propel them beyond bitcoin. They are copy-cats, not unlike Picasso prints: the print is never going to appreciate beyond the value of the original.
2\. First, no the alt chains are not safe from fading into obscurity unless they can find one or more niches in which they are dominantly superior to Bitcoin. Namecoin, for example, is both a Bitcoin-like currency and it uses it's distributed blockchain for the double purpose of defining and securing domain name entries. That would be a fine feather in it's cap if it wasn't (in my opinion) badly designed, and thus abandoned by it's core dev team. Second, I never said that Bitcoin is either completely safe from obscurity nor that it was incapable of losing value. I merely stated that there is an obstacle between Bitcoin and obscurity — there being no superior heuristic to create a transferable digital commodity, and I asked what reasonable expectation you feared could clear that obstacle.
3\. What differentiated the Internet from Compuserve and AOL's walled garden networks? Superior network effects. In Bitcoin's case it was first to market ahead of every alt-chain knockoff, and the alt-chains cannot outperform it nor can they solve any significant problems not already solved by the incumbent network.
I agree in principal that everyone in the world could decide en masse that Bitcoin is worthless, and then it would be. But that contrived thought experiment applies to all things equally. Value is defined by whatever esteem people bestow upon a commodity.
People can in principal decide that food is worthless. Maybe all nutrition in the world becomes toxic for some unexplained reason? And then everyone starves to death while food prices go to zero. People can decide that gold is worthless, and have a harder time making some electrical doodads and stop desiring that specific kind of jewelry.
People can decide that Bitcoin is worthless. Perhaps some flaw in the protocol ends it's functionality? But that would wipe out all the alt chains as well, and the unique utility offered by Bitcoin of transferring value digitally between individuals with no intermediary would be once more impossible, awaiting some new breakthrough.
I don't see that either of these three scenarios would be in anyone's self-interest as a change in fashion can be.
@_date: 2013-04-09 01:06:08
I know! \**sob*\*, I've lost so much money! \**sob*\* I've lost negative eight thousand usd and counting, just from that one buy and sell.. \**sniffle*\*
I need a big government to come and take care of my holdings for me, instead. What do you use, US Dollars? Yeah! Those are backed by. Um. Bonds. Bonds and taxes. It couldn't get more certain unless you backed it by Death as well, right?
But I don't know how to get rid of these Bitcoins any more. I already have more USD than I started out with, and if I sell the bitcoins I'll have even more than that. Then what?! Christ! Even if the market crashed and bitcoins traded at zero, I'm still stuck with all this blasted surplus of wealth. :(
@_date: 2013-02-23 03:00:10
Hai Julian,
Since [nobody's replied to my bitcointalk post]( I'm starting to think about ways to make SSS work for escrow purposes. (2-of-3 out of buyer, seller, and arbiter)
Can you think of a way to make this work, so far as:
* Generate ultimate private key
* Generate address or public key based on that
* split up private key into shares
* distribute shares with address or public key each to three recipients
Without relying on one central authority to perform the above steps?
Perhaps, is there some SSS like method or Elliptic Curve trick where 3 people could perform a calculation, share part of the results, repeat a few times if needed, and they wind up each holding a 2-of-3 share over a definite, unique private key none of them (nor anyone, ever) have ever seen before, linked to a public key or address at least one of them (but probably all of them because symmetry) also got out of the calculation? :O
@_date: 2013-05-21 22:28:34
I'm going to have to rule with on this one.
This is close to the line between what constitutes a professional service vs an ameture offering. I'd recommend at least having a website with links to information to help people get started. Just consider: most people who do not own a "makerbot" would have no idea how to run one. 
If people have to contact you to work out details of how to use your service, then this is an ameture "trade" which would fall under our sidebar rule discouraging trade and labor advertisements:
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
@_date: 2013-06-27 11:19:15
Yes, that was an example. I was merely brainstorming one of many easy ways AMD could potentially choose to market said chip. I'm sure each potential way would have it's own pros and cons. :3
@_date: 2013-05-05 06:09:21
Please observe the rules in our sidebar:


For trades, perhaps try another sub such as ? 
In any event, good luck sir. :3
@_date: 2013-04-14 22:51:33
So I guess we were both correct in our own ways. I was correct that we would not see $45 again during that 45 day period, but only just: we did dip into the fifties.
I think volatility is annoying but I still think it's just short term noise. It will take a core protocol failure or a dominantly superior alternative to KO Bitcoin, and until then our long term correction pressure will still be upwards.
@_date: 2013-02-24 08:01:13
The way I see it, there is a less strong artificial incentive to spend (to divest yourself of poison, inflating currency)
@_date: 2013-01-06 20:36:52
Well, there are different kinds of black boxes.
This black box isn't administrative, it's math.
To many, "handled by a person I don't know" is a ton more transparent than "handled by numbers I don't understand".
@_date: 2013-04-28 07:24:25
[No, this is Patrick](
@_date: 2013-01-15 01:06:21
Well that just represents another danger in handling USD then, doesn't it?
Earn your money in Bitcoins and spend it in Bitcoins and avoid the banks entirely, an they won't have any traction to investigate anything when you move around 10,000BTC or more, now will they?
Handle large volumes of USD in some pattern or another that the true owners of that USD don't like, and you'll have a bad time.
@_date: 2013-02-04 08:24:35
Do not post high resolution images (1 megapixel or larger) to imgur, they will ruin them. Try minus.com. :J
@_date: 2013-11-23 06:37:49
Alternately, in chrome you can press F12, select "console" and then paste this string into the console (with or without the javascript: part) and you're all set. :3
@_date: 2013-02-14 12:11:20
But Bitfloor is a seperate exchange, and OP wanted in on MtGox to take advantage of the fastest trading cycle. :3
And I wouldn't go so far as to say Coinbase has "become problematic", a few users have reported transfer cancelations to Reddit and most of them have even updated that coinbase worked with them to make it right again afterwords. MtGox itself takes more heat (and rightfully so) for their "allow you to deposit Bitcoins and not hold you hostage behind AML until *after* that step" extortionary practices. &gt;:P
@_date: 2013-01-15 03:31:49
Wull then you'll have to use your guns to get rid of him, because Bitcoin isn't doing it fer ya, heh heh. x3
@_date: 2013-07-06 07:25:07
Alright MPT, one submission to this sub advertising your service is plenty. Here we are about news, and new services still constitute news but after the first submission it's no longer "new". ;3
@_date: 2013-03-13 22:51:14
Article's title is of course terribly sensationalist and misleading. Value *dipped* by 25% for about an hour before rebounding a majority of the way. :S
@_date: 2013-03-13 18:16:55




back door = centralized element
@_date: 2013-03-07 00:13:15
I've seen errors occur like this before when folks have hand-crafted transactions offline. They just fail to account for all of the unspent outputs at all of the input addresses, and whatever they don't account for gets accounted for as miner fee.
@_date: 2013-04-22 21:10:57
To clarify, do you mean cis-women? :o
@_date: 2013-01-23 00:02:56
I don't see that what I said in the specific linked comment is in any way related to quantumfox64 and jcoiner's discussion.


No, what I said was


and then I explained in detail why.
To put this in simplest terms, Bitcoin is a simpler currency than many others because it's high counterfeit-resistance and low transactional friction leave it in a state where you can safely say that you do not "own" any bitcoin balance unless you can personally sign a transaction to spend from that balance without administrative approval from any other single entity.
As a result of this, when you deposit any Bitcoin at a bank, an exchange, into traditional escrow, you immediately lose that Bitcoin. What you have done is exchange it for a dissimilar money instrument, a balance denominated in Bitcoin held by that third party. This new money instrument has different properties than the original Bitcoin balance you deposited:
* It cannot be directly spent in leui of naked Bitcoin, without first going through a withdrawal step, that effectively exchanges the new money instrument back into standard Bitcoin.
* It can however, with the third party's support, be traded with other account holders at that third party or sometimes even be transferred to different third parties without an immediate, accompanying exchange of actual BTC in the background. (Third parties might allow debt to accumulate between them and settle those in BTC or in whatever commodity they choose, really)
* Above-mentioned transfers can take place even if the third party holds zero Bitcoin in reserve for short intervals, and allow you to consensually satisfy debts with other people at the same feed trough even with no Bitcoin in sight.
* This new instrument is backed by the faith of the third party you've deposited with. You temporarily treat it like Bitcoin, and most likely keep it in this form for as short of a time as possible, on the strength of your faith that the third party will pay you back in Real Bitcoin when you withdraw again, or in other commodities assuming you are buying goods or trading or exchanging for other currencies.
* Because the withdrawal step and any transfer capacity is controlled by the third party, this new instrument takes on those properties as spending limitations. Bitcoin-denominated balances at VirWoX for example are subject to withdrawal limits, occasional 24-48 hour manual processing delays and the possibility that VirWoX could elect to dishonor your balance with them, or default on their capacity to remunerate you when you request a withdrawal.
* Because all of these differences represent a net limitation on transactional utility to the free market, the only benefits being less friction when performing transactions directly with the third party, the free market will tend to value this meta-currency lower than they do naked Bitcoin. If one person has Bitcoin and another has, say BitfloorBTC and they want to trade, exchanges will be made of fewer Bitcoins for more BitfloorBTC.
An additional point is that while the count of genuine BTC is quite reliably limited, the count of BTC-denominated funny money you can have on account with less-than-full reserve third parties can be unlimited. My entire point was that this does *not* actually inflate the supply of BTC as it can with money instruments such as government fiat where the currency is basically defined by the administrative certificate.
Incidentally, Peter Sundry read my comment too and [agrees]( that we are making the same point.
@_date: 2013-03-30 06:53:28
So.. do we have a long-term issue with development of an open source software project that anybody can fork and many people do, or do we have a long-term problem with sockpuppets on bitcointalk complaining because they want their favorite features baked into the reference client and they refuse to use other clients or overlays which *already have* those features and they refuse to create a fork of the reference client, pull in the pull requests they think are so perfect and then run a superior version of the client themselves?
The Bitcoin ecosystem is designed so that *anybody* can be the "main developer". *Anybody* can force a pull request to be added to mainline, by forking mainline and demonstrating in the real world how the benefits of that change outweigh whatever disadvantages (harmed security, confused users, blockchain instability, etc).
Instead, this paraipan concern trolls. "No I don't want to demonstrate why these pulls are superior by actually using them. No I don't want them to be tested. No I don't know how to actually code, but I won't be happy until these exact snippets of code are relied upon by every end user of the software simultaneously."
@_date: 2013-04-05 04:54:51
[My Babbages!]( D:
@_date: 2013-03-13 13:00:13
The mining subsidies, currently 25BTC per block, only exist on one hand to slowly and fairly fill the money supply to it's eventual asymptote, and on the other to make up for the low transaction volumes one can expect before the system becomes mature.
25BTC per block equates to ~3600BTC per day, and [aggregate transaction fees are growing over time]( currently at about 60BTC per day or nearly 2% the volume of the subsidy.
I expect some time between today and 2018 (on the outside) transaction fees will grow to a tipping point where they eclipse those subsidies altogether. :3
@_date: 2013-03-19 02:26:00
Just FYI you look shadowbant. :o
@_date: 2013-03-05 21:04:29
In light of the discussion in another thread you and I are having about how assets are denominated, I suspect the would-be manipulation behavior you describe represents an unprofitable prejudice favoring state fiat.
My point is, any wealthy actor wishing to manipulate the market for her own gain damages her own standing in any case where she: A&gt; makes an unnecessary trade (she bleeds trade fees, transfer fees, and spread if she's in a hurry) or B&gt; trades into any asset appreciating slower than (eg, depreciating relative to) the asset she is trading out of.
It is bad investment strategy to view either USD or one's local fiat as some kind of neutral ground that every trade must begin or end with. It's up to you if you measure all your holdings in USD, but that's just how you put notches on the ruler. USD is not some magic grounding plate.
If you're invested in wool that you wish to divest, with the goal of buying up some Frozen Concentrated Orange Juice, then any opportunity to swap those assets straight should be evaluated in the very likely case that it's cheaper than selling to USD and then buying the second commodity with the USD.
Put another way, USD *is just another asset*. One really big reason that this consideration is so important is because thanks to John Maynard Keynes, USD *is a really, really poorly performing* asset that [virtually every other thing you can hold]( appreciates relative to.
So I could understand if a day trader with poor outlook on Bitcoin pushed through a wall and then traded out when she sees it correct downward, either on the mistaken impression that it's about to crash or on the pretense that she can buy back in at the nadir of the dip. I could also understand if she cashes back out because she needs those funds liquid again after her maneuver (though I'd expect traders with enough weight to move markets don't often experience that sort of illiquidity) But until she is spooked by a correction, or until she eyes a superior investment opportunity she's doing nothing but wasting money to reformat that segment of her wealth in USD again.
@_date: 2013-08-10 03:47:59
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* No referral links in submissions.
This is a sub for news and information about bitcoin, not for people to spam with links designed to net them affiliate revenue.
@_date: 2013-02-18 08:19:14
It sounds good to me. You'd need to have that Australian bank account in existence first, (if you have any Aussie friends or family you can trust then they can just front you, eh?) and the ACH delays on both ends will be murder (6 day ACH to coinbase, who knows on the other end?) Best to transfer all the money 2+ weeks before your trip, and have it waiting for you when you arive, says I. :3
If you've got loads of time before the trip, perhaps pass a test amount like 1BTC through the plumbing just to confirm it works the way you think that it should.
@_date: 2013-08-29 08:52:10
Then the proper approach is to say as much in a self-post linking to a version of this article not behind a paywall, or even better post as much to your blog and submit that op ed.
That way people can upvote or downvote based upon how they feel about your take on the situation, and not based on their own conflicting reasons for just being upset with whatever non-bitcoin financial affairs are afoot.
@_date: 2013-02-02 16:00:37
Alright, so tell me which debian package I can apt-get for free that will transform my stock linux box into a turn-key online casino experience.
There isn't one? Alright, then point me to where I can exchange any amount of money for a .deb package that still performs as above.
Those don't exist either? In that case, there does not exist casino software that avoids the need to be hacked or customized.
@_date: 2013-02-02 14:21:02
In every industry. Time *is* money, so if the authors of opensource software can be paid to customize their code to your needs, then you save money by *paying* them over wasting ten times as long trying to hack things together yourself.
Some people may not understand that due to actual avarice, but those who do not understand that minimizing expense does not always maximize profit are welcome not to maximize their profits, and to be marginalized instead.
@_date: 2013-01-22 00:57:28
I think the guy you were replying to liked to cleave to the habit of always disambiguating order of operations via parens so that he wouldn't have to work out whether or not the potential interpretations were identical (or worse yet, conditionally identical) before deciding if disambiguation is required. He used GH/s*$ as the closest simple example where disambiguation might suddenly be needed, under the contrived assumption that that measurement happened to be a useful one. :J
@_date: 2013-04-10 06:20:15
Or less if you [compare it]( with a harder supply comodity like gold. :3
@_date: 2013-01-08 07:21:51
In Bitcoin-QT version 0.7.2, The speed is bottlenecked by your hard drive. An SSD can pull the entire blockchain in about 4 hours. A decent SATA platter drive can do it in a night. A USB 2.0 external drive may take several days, a USB stick may take over a week.
Sync on the fastest media you have, just to get the ball rolling. If you have 16GB of RAM, set up a RAM drive and sync to that (3-4 hours) and then shutdown the process, copy the data directory off to permanent storage and start it up again. (you can direct bitcoin-qt to where the data directory is via -datadir= command line option).
@_date: 2013-07-24 20:05:15
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* No referral links in submissions.
@_date: 2013-01-06 23:32:58
They could have a lot of success preventing gambling hubs with ties to the US from accepting Bitcoin, though..
@_date: 2013-02-25 01:50:11
Matonis is most likely bemoaning privacy kinks for people who don't know what they're doing. Problem is, those people can't be saved to begin with. LEA can subpoena coinbase and find the address you withdrew to. It's your responsibility then to either give zero fucks, or to tumble the coin if you desire sufficient anonymity to resist LEA surveillance. Matonis laughably wants that to be coinbase's responsibility. 
@_date: 2013-02-25 22:56:22
Is it worth it to ask [questions like this]( that never seem to get any replies either in or in bitcointalks' forums? D:
@_date: 2013-02-21 22:14:09


You're referring to ACH? I've talked to four different banks (Wells Fargo, Chase, Bank of the Cascades and Selco) and none of them know how to initiate an ACH, they expect the customer to work with a clearing house. I've spoken to three clearing houses, they expect the bank to initiate the ACH.
You show me how to person to person ACH from/to any bank, and I'll pay you 1 BTC (or .. I guess ACH you $30usd, if that's what you're into. :P)
In other news, you send them coins and they cash out through a local bitcoin exchange, cash in hand same day. :J
@_date: 2013-01-08 02:30:27
I'm sorry, I don't understand this data. Do you have any correlated by gun laws? I also don't understand why you chose "the major countries in Europe" as your control group.
We could also compare countries like Russia and The United States against the major countries in Europe in terms of foreign occupation. I wonder if those figures could be correlated to a freely armed populace? [Between 80 and 100 million people]( lost their lives in the two world wars of the twentieth century, a majority of those in your major countries in Europe and only a vanishingly small percentage on the soil of countries with armed populaces.
I personally believe that individual autonomy is on net the greatest life saving force in the world, and my observation is that death tolls (along with all other manner of injustices) occur with much greater frequency over a long enough time span in regions where individual autonomy is not respected. And while I'm glad that Western Europe is experiencing both peace and lower rates of violent crimes which end in death than we presently are, I don't see 70 years of relative tranquility as quite enough to alter our 400 odd years of superior statistics in the matter.
@_date: 2013-04-29 02:37:58
Yep, them there is some pretty maths. :D
+tip 1 bitcent
@_date: 2013-03-03 23:30:57


This. It encourages the consumers to step up and become producers by removing obstacles which otherwise force us into an economically inefficient [star topology]( :3
@_date: 2013-06-21 20:49:32


No estimation required. As of this exact instant the *exact* number of total bitcoins which have already been minted is 11,302,550 BTC. This information is fundamental to the operation of the blockchain.
Aside from this, basically every opinion postulated in this article is completely backwards and incorrect.




Nope. "Global regulation" is not inevitable unless global government is inevitable. Do precious metals face "Global Regulation"? No, the laws which control how I can trade PM vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction; just like virtually all laws do. Does the US banking system imagine it can tell Chinese nationals how they get to trade Bitcoin?
Money laundering is a thoughtcrime, and postulating global conspiracy based on the threat of said thoughtcrime is naught but fear of displeasing your mercantile sovereigns.
And finally, adding any real form of compulsory user identification nullifies one of the primary advantages of Bitcoin: putting control over your own wealth into your hands. Realizing the *capacity* to resist overarching government's claim on your personal possessions and effects. Putting power back into the hands of the individual. You get to choose whether or not to exercise that power, but it still ought to be *your choice*. Pay your government taxes or evade them and play cloak and dagger with the IRS? That should be *your choice to make*. The IRS should not simply evolve into a position where they step between every transactor and siphon whatever they wish leaving you thankful to get whatever crumbs remain.
The reason I mention this is that dissolving that benefit also works to kill the golden goose. Once done, what benefit would Bitcoin provide you vs. a Fed IOU? And circularly, if this move kills the industry why would leaders of this industry endorse said move and undermine their own authority? &amp;
@_date: 2013-03-11 21:30:14
Well, one of the products they are scheduled to ship is the "1,500 GH/S BITCOIN MINER". If they have enough asics to deliver one of those, then testing them would require the equivalent of an impractical number of FPGA's.
So far as testnet, it's dead simple for a trusted party like Jeff or Luke or basically anyone who runs a pool to launch a testnet pool off to the side and BFL connects to that.
@_date: 2013-04-24 21:45:21
It is best to use a forum dedicated to getting traders together, luckily there are quite a few of those. :3
is listed in the sidebar. There is also [Bitmit]( [Localbitcoins]( which helps people with long distance trading as well as local, and the  channel on Freenet. 
@_date: 2013-03-14 17:26:34
.. and moreso if you're holding Bitcoin. Natch. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-06 02:59:59
People keep throwing around "incentive not to spend" as though you can lower your estate expenses to zero just to spite Keynes, or something.
Make enough revenue in BTC (by mining like our $40,000usd pizza friend did, or wages or selling goods and services, hell even [Bitmit]( and you'll find yourself in a position where you have to eventually spend it. Maybe you'll put off that lavish vacation an extra day because your coins will be worth more by then or maybe you'll just live a more miserly life in general, but you're never going to starve to death over it and neither is anybody else.
@_date: 2013-03-14 14:09:29
Here is another even more realistic view: [Market cap on the logarithmic scale]( This graph shows no similarity between today's activity and the bubble of 2011, but it does show a kink in equilibrium after the most recent reward halving.
The reason people are focused on the last 3 months is that the supply/demand curve shifted about 3 months ago. Supply growth cut in half while demand carried on growing smoothly and unabated. Since this impacted the market cap it's clear that per-unit gains drive gains to the whole economy.
@_date: 2013-03-16 13:38:47
That's a defacto monopoly for you. But don't worry, ancaps keep telling me that monopolies can *never* form without a coercive threat of violence to back them! :D
@_date: 2013-03-01 08:48:14
Ah ha, that's what that website is for. :3
I'm sorry, I haven't .. met you or anything yet. But a quick glance at your comment history shows some discussion about folks verifying their identity so I wouldn't mind if you could do the same?
In any event, if you're involved in this ATM project then posting an AMA article would probably be a fine objective. Just be prepared for how many of us are stingy skeptics and offer the verification early on to nip any whining about that in the bud. :3
@_date: 2013-02-09 23:57:30
Bleah, worse yet is I remember holding a long thread here in reddit comments a few months back directly exploring the consequences of your question (interplanetary blockchain management, timing issues etc) but Reddit comment history refuses to roll back far enough to allow me to find it. T\^T
@_date: 2013-03-13 11:19:41
At the base of it, VISA runs an insecure payment system that requires card holders to provide every detail to a merchant which any eavesdropper would require to impersonate the card-holder. VISA has no incentive to improve it's payment security because it can always exact fraud losses from the merchant after the fact. PCI is like VISA having a blank check.
Bitcoin does not require card holders to disclose any information whatsoever which would assist an eavesdropper in impersonating them.
@_date: 2013-08-15 22:28:29
It's amusing how both of you are proposing these as though they are outlandish hypotheticals instead of business as usual since before most redditors were born. :J
@_date: 2013-01-06 22:26:18


You've said this a number of times in the thread, and I don't know if that's true or not. How high does the hash rate have to be, how can we tell? My understanding is "high enough to discourage counterfeiting on national budgets" and I point to North Korea counterfeiting US Dollars as an example. 
That said, requiring more computing power than any nation has ever mobilized to date sounds like we're in approximately the right place. Additionally the fact that the biggest players (sometimes flirting with 51%) are mining pools helps a lot. Any news of counterfeiting in pool X will lead to horrendous pool jumping as the real, sovereign, decision making participants reshape the landscape.
But how might you determine what is the optimal hashrate for our ecosystem to be running?
@_date: 2013-09-05 00:00:25
1. None of the vulnerabilities listed here would allow a malicious entity to steal your coins. Most of these are denial of service, and one could potentially allow attackers to brute force an RPC password an order of magnitude faster under very narrow conditions (most end-users do not use RPC, and most who do use RPC already carefully control who even has login access by source IP or physical network segment; such as restricting access to localhost and then SSH tunneling)
2. Many online wallets with 2-factor auth also use this software on their back-ends, so if the wallet software was very heavily compromised then those wallet services would fail just as quickly as the one on your PC
3. Wallet services are run by people, and those people can steal your coins at will (give or take their capacity to outrun local law enforcement, of course) regardless of authentication factors. They simply control the authentication. Wallet software is open source, vetted by a very diverse group of experts worldwide, and thus no single person but you (competent administrator of your PC) even has the capacity to touch your coins.
@_date: 2013-07-04 03:23:12
Ah, [Tina Fey]( really knows her stuff. :D
@_date: 2013-03-31 19:39:14
I'll bet that it is, but you can encrypt a drive and still salt the result with randomness in the same stroke. All I know is if you only needed &lt;512bits of entropy it wouldn't take very much mouse movement to obtain it. I also know the resultant Truecrypt volume is meant to look as indistinguishable from noise as possible, moreso than competing drive encryption methods given that one of Truecrypt's goals is plausible deniability. I combine the two to form the speculation that perhaps that's what they need all the extra entropy for. :3
@_date: 2013-08-16 08:05:30
Directions unclear. Coins stuck in Unspent Outputs.
@_date: 2013-04-19 00:05:00
Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
@_date: 2013-03-30 14:27:09
Not sure if serious..
21 million bitcoins (the ultimate limit) can just as easily be expressed as 2.1 quadrillion satoshis.
Satoshis aren't fractional, at least not at this time. You can't subdivide them farther. And you have 2.1 quadrillion of them available. That's not a small, limited number is it?
I can pay for my groceries with 2,352,300 satoshis. Or ~2.4 bitcents, or ~24 mbtc.
Think of it as being comparable to the metric system. Nobody wants to walk 0.023523 km, but it's no sweat to travel 23 meters instead. :P
EDIT: decimal fixed, thank you peaches. ;3
@_date: 2013-02-04 08:51:27
[Here's the docs](
A brief overview is the bot hosts a single-address wallet on your behalf, and you can control the bot by commenting in subs that it watches or PMing the bot directly with commands, including that plus tip command. You can load this wallet up with some funds and then tip people, or accept tips from others to pass along. People have even recently realized the bot is satoshidice-compatible, so you can easily gamble with your tip balance, which isn't a bad way of dealing with a tip balance too small to justify the effort of withdrawing. Gamble and the balance either vanishes or it grows to something big enough to be worth something. :9
@_date: 2013-02-15 03:43:55
Well, those payment processors also allow you to accept the payment from customers as pure bitcoin, and allow you to select a percentage split (such as half bitcoin half fiat). So if all you were interested in is the automatic price quotes to the customer, you could still let them handle that portion and receive the coins from the processor unexchanged. :3
In any event, I think that's a step in the right direction away from manually adjusting the prices as the exchange rate changes.
It's also possible to roll your own code to offer bespoke pricing based on the exchange rate, and there might be some open source ecommerce projects that help with that, I just haven't seen that advertised is all. :B
@_date: 2013-02-18 14:35:59
I also got the email from Walletbit saying they've received my funds, but Avalon's webpage displaying my order history says it's canceled. I emailed both Avalon support asking for clarification, and confirming I do want the unit to be shipped.
@_date: 2013-09-05 20:24:51
Sure, I buy gift cards through gyft. I've primarily done Amazon and Fast Food, but never had any bad issues and it's pretty easy to use right from the phone. But I've also never had an opportunity to test more than $100usd at a time. I almost did a Mariot once for several hundred, but Mariot wanted the cards printed out and this was a week before Gyft offered that capacity so I dodged that potential and went cash instead.
For Amazon, this works like a dream. Paste in the code in checkout and you're done. For brick and mortar, the humorous part is holding up your phone to the cashier, telling them it's a gift card. No, not a coupon, a gift card. No, I'm not trying to sell you my phone, it is displaying a gift card. Then they have to type in the number because they never have the barcode readers. Then they have to get a manager to approve the transaction.
But I don't mind training the local help on the new tech, that just means I'm pushing the oars to help give the movement momentum, yo. :3
@_date: 2013-02-19 18:53:28
Thanks, Gavin! :D
@_date: 2013-02-17 06:11:28
You are correct that the private keys are active in both locations, and thus in a sense "backed up". This is valuable in one way, but much more dangerous in another.
The value is that if you lost the bitcoin-qt wallet file XOR you lost the blockchain.info wallet (service dissapears, you forget your password, etc) then the funds are still at your control in the opposite location.
The significant danger is that an attacker only has to learn or gain control over your private key(s) in one of these locations to empty all of the associated funds. By spreading that private information around, you've lowered the security of your keys to the minimum weakest link between those two services.
A better bet to back up your private keys is to save an *encrypted* copy of your keyfile to a different location. Bitcoin-qt allows you to do this via the "backup wallet" option in the file menu, and Blockchain.info has options to automatically save your encrypted wallet to Google Drive, Dropbox, or email a copy to you.
@_date: 2013-03-12 02:26:07
Coinbase paused transactions to protect their users but MtGox did not, since their users have more reserves to play with. 
@_date: 2013-09-10 23:46:55
[Bitcoin address on Blockchain.info]( that corresponds with brainwallet passphrase "Every phrase you can think up will represent a valid, unused, address"
@_date: 2013-06-05 20:17:46
Ripple will only ever be an IOU system instead of a hard currency (even without the OpenCoin/XRP scam element) and the market will treat it as such, because 5 bitcoin owed to you "by your very most bestest friend" will never really be as reliable as 5 bitcoins in your wallet.
Because your friend can default. The gateway can default. Whoever is holding your coins for you can .. you get the picture.
I'm not saying that ripple minus scam cannot be a powerful payment vehicle, but it is only that: a payment vehicle. You do not need ripple in order for your friend or your favorite Ewallet to hold a balance for you, or to try to transfer that balance to other people. But that money will never really be "yours" until it's in your hand (and in Bitcoin's case, in your wallet)
The important distinction behind all that is: the *market value* of an IOU will never seriously compete with the market value of bitcoin in your hand (bird in the hand, bird in the bush).
@_date: 2013-11-11 21:14:18
Every Bitcoin auction site I've seen offers Escrow.
You put payment funds in Escrow, receive product, confirm it is as advertised and then release the escrow.
That is all the buyer protection I care for. No reason for Sellers to sweat their revenue suddenly going absent from their accounts 6 months later because "lol I trolled u" :(
@_date: 2013-02-07 01:35:35
That's the thing that amazes me about cryptographic math.
People are accustomed to calling events "impossible" just because they lack the imagination to picture such a hypothetical event occurring, or because trying to picture it illicits a visceral response of ridiculousness. When this happens, the lay person simply rounds the minuscule odds down to zero and then calls it a day.
Math with large numbers and decent entropy sources allow us to do something new, to very very precisely calculate the odds for events less likely than any event anyone has ever even tried to directly picture before.. such as the electrified one you site here. Now we're not rounding down just because we know the math is giving us an answer which is both correct and ultraprecise, and because of that refusal to round down laypeople automatically and erroneously assume the probability must be somehow terrestrially significant. On par with the smallest non-zero probabilities they are accustomed to working with, like 1%. They then multiply this erroneous interpretation of the probability by high iteration counts and assume "it must add up" over time.
Basically, the laypeople define their own fuzzy threshold for low probability events below which they call things simply "impossible". And here we are, precisely discussing the odds of things *less likely than the impossible*. D8
@_date: 2013-02-28 02:08:22
You tell me, is a low resolution postage stamp photo virtually indistinguishable from bathroom tiles evidence?
I pull out my 2 year old camera phone to point and shoot at my cat and you can make out every individual strand of her fur in the resulting 8 megapixel glory. If I had a million plus in pre-order funds tied up on a product, and if I was *more* interested in calming existing investors half a year late in production than in tricking in new suckers I would publish more convincing photos than this. High resolution, and if there's IP to protect then spend a minute cutting up squares of paper to cover the center bits of the chips I'm photographing. They took that basic approach when they published their photos of the chip design, so it's not like they don't know the drill.
Otherwise, it's hard to say if they didn't just post a generic photo of anyone showing off an asic die. They pulled that stunt and got caught when they said "here is a picture of our new reflow oven" and reverse image search showed the same photo on ebay. This lot of images seems to be safe from reverse image search, but that's just as easy for them to vet before publishing especially since they've been burned by it once already.
No again, I am not saying they *are* a scam but it's not in my operating procedure to do business with people who cannot overwhelmingly prove that they are *not* a scam, and an endless trickle of underwhelming pr attempts does them more harm than good.
@_date: 2013-01-15 00:51:18


Rational market wisdom is "sell high, buy low". Who is going to sell while the price is increas*ing*, since such upwards movement suggests the price will continue to get higher? Who would not just sit on their coins to see how high it plateaus to before selling, or tease sell walls above the demand like children running backwards from an ebb in the ocean?
I don't know anybody who thinks "Wow, the price will double tomorrow. I'd better sell off my coins before THAT happens!" xD
Better question: how high would you suppose the price could get per volume change? Another way of saying that is, how high would any attempted volume change drive the price? How much volume would one entity have to hold to make the remaining bitcoin harder for others to transact, and how exactly would that mechanism work?
@_date: 2013-05-16 02:18:30
I'm not saying in general, I'm saying in this specific circumstance so that we can use the evidence that we know to file a complaint to github.
[Here]( and [here]( you are sounding the alarm and saying "THE BINARY IS KNOWN MALWARE". So, I am asking "how do we know that this binary is malware"? Where be the evidence, yar? :J
@_date: 2013-08-31 07:33:25
[Wordpress]( had quite a bit to say about their decision to accept Bitcoin. It didn't sound like zero benefit to them.
The Bitcoin economy is $1.5bil usd deep with hundreds of thousands of people looking for places to spend it. Some of those people are interested in purchasing hosting. How is revenue you would not otherwise earn Zero benefit?
@_date: 2013-03-11 23:36:55
[Trouble is](


@_date: 2013-02-19 01:18:02


Because you've run out of USD you're willing to spend on necessities (either completely out of USD or you've hit the "what if bitcoin fails" safety net threshold) and still have to put food on the table and pay the bills.
Who has unlimited wealth at their disposal to hoard? If they had it, why would it matter if they chose BTC or Gold to hoard it in? They're going to pick whatever resource provides them the best returns.
The simple math is this. Will people accept it for you in exchange for goods? Well, if it's appreciating I don't see why they would reject it. Then, it's a good medium for you to buy goods with. 
"I keep having to lower my listed prices as everyone's purchasing power increases" is very much a first-world problem.
@_date: 2013-01-29 23:06:35
Yeah, SHA-256. Bitcoin doesn't use any direct encryption methods whatsoever. It uses two hashes (SHA-256 and RIPE-160) and a signing method that cannot encrypt (ECDSA).
THE MORE YOU KNOW 彡☆
@_date: 2013-03-05 00:41:45
"netwrok effect" sounds like the name of a nerdcore band, if I've ever heard one before. ;3
How about "market cap"?
@_date: 2013-01-26 07:07:33
He means you will have to withdraw cash from an ATM in order to transfer from the position of not having a wad of cash in your pocket .. because few of us keep wads of cash in our pocket under normal circumstances .. to having said wad of cash to then transact with. You cannot simply pay by credit/debit at POS.
@_date: 2013-06-30 01:29:33
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy.
You can use [Coinbase]( or [LocalBitcoins]( to purchase $7usd worth of bitcoin. You can sell items on [Bitmit]( 
@_date: 2013-05-31 22:39:27
It is a "me too" that provides zero practical advantage beyond the bar set by Bitcoin itself. It is [pumped by speculators]( and held by people who wonder if Bitcoin will break without somehow also breaking Litecoin that uses a virtually identical codebase.
It cannot be used for arbitrage since there are zero lanes between exchanges where litecoin can move value that Bitcoin cannot already. It has weaker merchant acceptance or ecological infrastructure today than Bitcoin had when litecoin launched.
People talk about Bitcoin GPU miners leaving Bitcoin mining for Litecoin mining as ASICS take over, but Litecoin mining profitability first reached equilibrium about a year back. Since then, virtually all Bitcoin miners switching to LTC simply mine the LTC to sell back to BTC and drive out the weakest miners from that pool as well while depressing your prices; which in turn are only set as the doorstop to BTC: people buy into LTC whenever the usd-&gt;ltc-&gt;btc exchange rate is a penny cheaper than usd-&gt;btc book at that particular exchange; and every now and then to fruitlessly diversify their btc portfolio.
@_date: 2013-06-14 05:41:14
If ACH to your bank account is acceptable, try [Coinbase]( or [Bitpay]( If you'd like to exchange in person, there is always [Localbitcoins](
@_date: 2013-02-25 12:42:00
Makes one wonder why the Reddit Spam Filter wouldn't know that, then? :&lt;
@_date: 2013-05-05 10:00:55
Comment: I'm mod, so you show in spam filter with strikethrough in the title. I approve comment then everyone can see it.
Confirmation: I view your user page (you may need to be logged out to see it, or perhaps proxy with [Google Translate]( if you you're lazy like me or if they've nabbed your IP) and it comes up as reddit's 404 page.
I recommend [messaging the admins]( to see what's up, and whether it's something you can't work out. That got things sorted for ThePiachu when he got SB. :S
@_date: 2013-02-11 23:55:30
By way of, what, Seatbelts? Airbags? Crumple zones/vehicle construction? Highway infrastructure? Driving laws? Licencing? Emissions? 
I can hear a thousand voices shouting pros and cons and perspectives for each of these in the back of my mind, but since you job is to detail one (1) counterexample (since hugolp made a blanket statement, that's all it takes) clearly, how about we dial this discussion into a narrower band. Is there any subcategory of automobile safety you'd like to expound upon?
@_date: 2013-07-18 22:51:39
OTOH, whil all the subterfuge may make honeypots and fraud more likely it also makes getting physically attacked virtually impossible. :3
@_date: 2013-03-05 00:36:57
I haven't tried them yet, but [Ziggap]( is worth a try. Trading locally via localbitcoins or bitcoinary are good options also.
Stick around for a few months, several different folks are in the production phase of bitcoin ATMs which should help multiply anonymous opportunities to purchase Bitcoin with cash. :3
@_date: 2013-03-12 02:44:01
The bug is not in 0.8, the bug is in 0.7. Nonetheless, developers are calling for the miners to fall back to 0.7 because that's easier on everyone than forcing all miners *and* all clients to upgrade to 0.8. 
This is safe for the time being because 0.7 miners cannot generate the blocks which induce the 0.7 bug.
@_date: 2013-01-16 09:25:54
I brought my actual 5 year old over to the PC, and he read your inquiry out loud briefly before laughing and sauntering away from the PC calling you a stupidhead. Congraturation. x3
@_date: 2013-02-21 05:48:24
One thing I don't get about the article, is that it claims that XRP are transacted in a distributed fashion (no centralized control over it's distribution), with no proof of work or confirmation schedule, transfers instantly and has zero counterparty risk.
Would someone be so kind as to elaborate on that for me? That's never a feature I had heard of when I studied the Ripple network; I'd only head of trust chain IOUs where the entire chain is *built* out of (well managed) counterparty risk. &amp;
@_date: 2013-02-20 21:06:30
be sure to double space, and show your work! :B
@_date: 2013-01-15 21:17:21
By saying "difficulty increase 20 to 40 times" Rassah means the globally available hashpower would multiply that many times.
So, if you want to simulate all existing miners exiting the market to make room for asics, you would adjust your multiplier range to "19 to 39 times".
@_date: 2013-07-17 23:57:03
Yeah, that site that he went to. He doesn't know if that site is a scam or not.
Frankly, neither do we, he never clarified which site he's talking about. &amp;
@_date: 2013-01-06 21:45:38
In another thread we were discussing trying to get [Peapod]( to accept Bitcoin. How would this sound? :3
@_date: 2013-02-12 00:14:26
Bitcoins went up in value 95% against USD [in the past 30 days]( I personally wouldn't mind having one month worth of purchasing power amplified by 47% (assuming linear consumption of the paycheck over time against 95% value increase over same time period).
Assuming Bitcoin is volatile, then stowing away an possibly diversifying a majority of the dividends from that choice for a rainy day can help buffer against any potential drops, and the overall strategy remains sound if you are bullish that all drops in Bitcoin value will be later vindicated by overwhelming rises.
At the end of the day, it's hard to measure USD's inflation save against a control asset, and Bitcoin is one of the few control assets who's trade value is not carefully manipulated by those in power in order to mask the inflation of their own currency. 
@_date: 2013-01-24 22:58:28
I hate MLM with the fury of a thousand suns, but I love that Bitcoin will support absolutely any business model that follows it's transactional rules with dispassion and defend it from third party interference.
I can and I will urge my fellow users not to involve themselves in the MLM. I cannot piss and moan about the MLM choosing Bitcoin without being disingenuous about the promise of Bitcoin. Namely, that nobody has the right to interfere with your voluntary financial transactions.
@_date: 2013-03-21 19:04:20
The other side of this equation is consumer demand.
If nobody wants to sell the bitcoins they have, then tiny volume could conceivably increase the price tremendously.
[Irises]( by Van Gogh sold for $53 million USD in 1987. That's a lot of sales volume for '87, but it's sales volume has been 0 for the last 2 decades. Yet if it sold again it would likely do for quite a bit more than $53 mil. It appreciates dispite *zero* volume.
@_date: 2013-07-11 17:36:32


of course there is nothing to evaluate, and nothing to search via search engine if the only people endorsing a site have zero reputation.
@_date: 2013-03-15 20:18:48
TIL the behavior of a successful and legitimate company is to accept pre-orders on a product and never actually ship it or even demonstrate a prototype with any of the advertised functionality.
Sound lucrative, I should give that a whirl too.
@_date: 2013-01-30 02:24:52
How about "Just go to 
@_date: 2013-07-12 08:49:04
@_date: 2013-04-17 20:05:45
* News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news.
If you want to speculate on whether or not some general financial news relates to Bitcoin, then please publish a blog entry expanding your thoughts on the matter, and submit a link to your blog entry.
@_date: 2013-01-22 01:12:42
Amplification: we were at $14.5 exactly 5.5 *days* ago, and now the spread is at $16.9, a 17% rise in 1/3 the time you quoted. :&gt;
@_date: 2013-05-02 21:47:41
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:
* No referral links in submissions.
* Do not use URL shortening services: always submit the real link.
That applies to the primary payload link in your youtube description, as well. Bitvegas gets talked about here basically every other day as it is, we do not require novel forms of referral spam.
@_date: 2013-02-09 02:29:13
Wordpress [currently uses Bitpay]( to process their transactions, and one benefit there is that Bitpay, not Wordpress is exposed to potential risk from Netsplits. But that's also good because it concentrates the consequences of hypothetical market anomalies into the hands of the experts at planning ahead to withstand them. :3
@_date: 2013-06-08 18:56:00


Not that I've checked the FAQ answer somebody else has posted, but I see this argument very frequently. Especially from Mises/Austrian economists. But the assertion is false.
Bitcoin is a unit of account within the Bitcoin system. The Bitcoin system indisputably has use value as being the first, and still most powerful decentralized *notarization* system in the world. You do agree that notary has value, right? If I want to get someone to notarize my paper document signing, I mean they charge me money. If it had no value folks would be doing it for free.
Well, Bitcoin allows people to notarize the movement of units of account (BTC, satoshis) which we'll momentarily pretend has indeterminate value. So why should people value having account transactions notarized if the units of accounts themselves might not have value? Because the ledger cannot be gamed. It does not rely on central control or maintenance and does not fall prey to centralized manipulation.
So even if you decide to only work with a small pool of bitcoin — like game tokens — between a community of friends to act as personal IOU's, there's never "that one guy" playing banker who you can suspect of screwing with the ledger: everyone involved can verify the ledger independently and all potential conflicts involving the ledger are thus easily resolved. Furthermore, this posititive effect scales globally. Furthermore, these tokens can be traded even if your friends go on vacation across the world or to the ISS. All parties continue being able to independently verify the ledger from any disparate location, and nobody is shipping expensive suitcases of physical goods around to do the same job.
But, there is a catch. The notarization process colloquially known as "mining" requires a diverse collection of people to perform *actual work* to continually ratify each new transaction and to render double spending impossible. They must invest in slowly consuming hardware and electricity, which has real world value to keep that train going.
So, maybe you buy these guys a beer every now and then? Send them some USD bank notes in the mail to subscribe to this helpful notary service? Nope.
The dominant payment method to remunerate these individuals for their work is in Transaction Fees. Rendered in Bitcoin: in the very unit of account moved on the ledger.
These fees are initially subsidized by newly minted coin, to get the train moving before it has reached a critical mass of transaction volume. But that subsidy is *also* rendered in only bitcoin. Not in fiat, not in gold, not in food and shelter, but Bitcoin.
So if you hold a bitcoin balance, even just to settle debts between friends, that coin can always be spent to do the work of having more transactions unequivocally notarized in the future. It's the equivalent of consuming gas to drive your gas tanker down the road to fill up the pumps at gas stations across the state. The very act of consuming that commodity in order to deliver the commodity proves the commodity has use value.
@_date: 2013-07-28 23:57:06
Sounds like a question for a journalist or a scriptwriter.
My landlords had no trouble understanding Bitpay, for them it operates the same way as Paypal except that they don't have to perform a manual step to withdraw proceeds to their bank account to pay the mortgage. They've also discounted my rent since there's no middleman claiming 4%.
That's a $30/mo savings right there.
But you're right, only nerds would care about wasting money on leaky payment systems.
@_date: 2013-01-22 02:50:08
I'm sorry, no clue who we're acting all incredulous about. Welcome to here. xD
@_date: 2013-04-05 22:26:12
I'd say that's worth recommending to him. :O
Dev shouldn't need physical access to it, simply remote access to be able to tinker with the code and such.
@_date: 2013-09-08 08:04:29
I'unno. Just before coming here to work out what abusive posts to remove, I did notice on [Bitcoincharts.com]( that the third largest exchange measured by 30-day volume of Bitcoins traded was btcnCNY, or btcchina.com where folks are only trading BTC back and forth to ¥. It wasn't that way last time I checked, which was admittedly a couple of months ago.
Perhaps bitcoin is a small enough market that if a country that had no activity in it a few months back is now trading at a volume of 1% of all Bitcoins ever minted every 30 days might be met with words like "frenzy" or "exploo(how many o's did you use again?)ding".
@_date: 2013-05-12 00:20:40
I'm sorry, but gossip relating to real life details of people against their wishes is [against Reddit Terms of Service](
@_date: 2013-04-04 05:39:41
Hang in there kid, you'll figure it all out. I've got faith in ya. :D
+tip 1 bitcent
@_date: 2013-03-22 23:58:34
+bitcointip 1 GBP 
Tops n tails, gubnah! xD
@_date: 2013-01-04 01:21:10
Todamont was in error by three orders of magnitude when he said "So it looks like just a few people are about to make it over the 51% threshold". ASICMiner has 30Gh/s compared to the network's current 23,550Gh/s.
@_date: 2013-04-28 11:32:51
Bursts into peals of laughter which knock user from chair.
What is this, I don't even? I hadn't heard of that thing until you mentioned him to ferroh in the other thread. And now he comes in here like the sad puppy with recriminating eyes?
I don't know man, some day our little sub may grow popular enough that bots will start really getting in the way of volumes of branching threads, too. Today I just hunt comment spam and repeat sidebar rules at people and pontificate when the queue's empty.
@_date: 2013-03-14 12:43:52
Interesting. What else can a person buy with Litecoin besides other currencies in the future for speculatively higher rates?
My feet are getting cold, and I don't even see any offers for alpaca socks.
Also, are you basing your estimate of a person's intelligence only on what they put their chips on 2 weeks ago? Litecoin hung around 0.07usd for about a year prior to that. Were Litecoiners sheep until 2 weeks back?
Are you predicting another 1000% rise over the next 2 weeks, and would you care to make a bet on that? ;3
@_date: 2013-06-24 08:53:11
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-08-16 01:05:35
Re: oracle attacks. Meh. Momentarily forgetting every other reasonable objection to redonculous length passwords, you would be leaking only an acceptable amount of information if you chunked auth computation into "blocks", such as seconds or tenths of seconds, and devoted however many complete blocks of processing time were required to hash a given password. This might let an attacker know how long your password is down to the neared megabyte or something, but that's not terribly helpful in cracking it at this scale. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-23 21:57:51
I vote hardware wallets.
You bring up the problem of non-techy bitcoin users, and then the solution you propose is "dedicated operating system".
Just stop and think over that for a moment. Dedicated OS can never be used by a non-techy unless it's wrapped in dedicated hardware. Hardware wallet, case closed.
@_date: 2013-07-04 11:33:02
Link already posted: 
@_date: 2013-04-28 06:34:22
Psssh, why do that when I could end war, erase poverty and cure all disease? Ooops, I said too much and now maybe you'll beat me to that. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-10 11:17:37
I was vexed by that too. Rules say "post 5 times in newbie forums before we let you in", and I posted in the intro thread but had no other natural things to post and didn't want to just spam the stupid (already spammy) newbie section, because even if that wasn't explicitly against the rules it's still a cheat in spirit.
4 months later when I really needed to get involved in a non-newbie discussion, I finally said "fuck this" and just posted enough stupid nonsense on newbie board to meet quota and made a beeline for the adults table. :(
@_date: 2013-01-27 13:57:49
So this Robert King of StopFileLockers guy, is he basically just trying to force the world to start adopting Bitcoin? Is that the story here? :3
I honestly just want to jump into any paypal circlejerk right now, chat up a poster and say "yeah, what do you like to use paypal to pay for?" and make a list of all their lame crap and then convince Robert King that there's pirated material out there so he can shut that shit down and throw some cold water on the circlejerk. "Ermagard, I can't buy my Facebook doilies with Paypal anymore! What the hell?! Let's have another look at this Bitcoin I keep hearing about then.." :P
@_date: 2013-03-03 11:35:48
How did you get a typo that still rendered a valid bitcoin address, I wonder? :O
Just like the credit card LUNH-10 check, bitcoin addreses are meant to have checksums built into them just to make simple typos exceptionally difficult.
@_date: 2013-08-15 03:09:45
My blood boils at this assertion (that reddit even HAS a maximum password length! Dx )
@_date: 2013-04-05 21:53:18
I hear what you did there. &amp;
@_date: 2013-04-27 06:16:02
Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-03-06 01:43:23
Back in 2010, bitcointalks user laszlo bought ~$25 worth of pizza from another user for ~$40 worth of bitcoins. I think it was the first recorded purchase of any item directly for Bitcoins, so it's unknown what value we'd be at today were it not for that christening.
@_date: 2013-09-11 23:32:12
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* No referral links in submissions.
@_date: 2013-09-18 08:43:55
Yeah, that doesn't sound realistic to me at all.
I understand the basic idea behind supply-inflation undermining purchasing power, and I think most people understand that. But "QE" in particular I would have never heard of save by researching BTC.
@_date: 2013-03-21 00:47:43
If I send you 0.5 BTC and there is a dispute, I can never get them back.
If you send me $32usd or so via Paypal, you can yank that back up to 6 months from now on a whim.
Which one sounds like actual money? (and no, most people will not trade Bitcoin for Paypal because of the high potential for buyer fraud..)
@_date: 2013-01-26 08:05:33
So what exactly would he outlaw? What would he require us to turn in?
How do you even define Bitcoin by way of banning it? How do you prove I have any? How do you detect I have traded in it in order to prevent that continuing to occur?
Would banning Bitcoin also ban Litecoin? Namecoin? And new alternate blockchains that spring up? Would it kill Linden Labs, World of Warcraft Gold, or a million kinds of Gift Cards too? Literally, how could the boundaries even be drawn?
What about Bit*torrent*? The US Government's shareholders in the entertainment industry have failed to stop much more rudimentary filesharing in the past 15 years, and that's already patently against the law. What traction would power to pass a new law impress against a technology *more* advanced and decentralized and beyond LEA's grip than Bittorrent?
@_date: 2013-02-28 09:16:57
link is golden, bookmarkt. thanks :D
+tip 25mbtc
@_date: 2013-11-26 04:41:06


How about this, we can agree to disagree, yes? I like mBTC better. But I'm not judging!
This just means we have a fantastic opportunity to trade. I have literally millions of uBTC just floating around my wallet that I'd be happy to exchange straight swap for those mBTC which have been a thorn in your side. :J
@_date: 2013-07-14 22:41:06
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news.
@_date: 2013-01-17 22:52:43
Nop, Bitcoin is outstripping gold pretty badly these last few days too. About 7x the gain, meaning no more than 1/7 of this rise is even available to blame on fiat inflation. :Q_
@_date: 2013-01-27 00:27:00
sub-minute average confirmation times would guarantee that an unacceptably high percentage of generated blocks get orphaned.
@_date: 2013-01-13 22:54:34


Based on the average passphrase atom dictionary being just shy of 2,000 words and this phrase being 12 words, 2000^12 ≈ 2^128 or 128 bits of entropy.
As for "how's the rest of this work?" I'm just as mystified as you are. ;3
@_date: 2013-02-15 02:42:24
Alright, I don't know how to "give gold" at the original submission so I did that heer. :O
@_date: 2013-02-23 02:36:03
It wasn't: price crash preceded the hack by several days. The timing was a coincidence.
@_date: 2013-04-21 05:07:24
The part I like is how OP is the one who's "never good with money" and who "wastes it all", but the parents are the ones in such a tight financial spot and trying to con him.
Well, this is one of the reasons that Bitcoin was invented. So long as you can keep your IT secure (eg, they cannot install malware on the machine where you use your wallet) then they cannot force money from you. 
They have to treat you like a real person and establish a functional relationship with you in order to *convince* you to *voluntarily* share your windfall. 
@_date: 2013-03-16 21:47:22
I think Magtype brings up a good point.
We've been working on Merchant adoption for some time now, maybe it's time to court the wholesalers next? :J
@_date: 2013-03-02 01:26:03
Interesting. How does app behave if it's unable to pull fresh data from MtGox, like if their site or your network connection is down, etc? Does ticker give garbage data like $0, or keep showing the last price and if so does it change colors or similar to indicate stale data?
I ask because them are the features I would find invaluable in such an appliance. :B
@_date: 2013-03-06 00:08:50
Given [the flood of times it got reposted this month]( I'm surprised there exists anyone who hadn't gotten tired of hearing about it by now? ;3
I don't know these guys from Adam and it's possible that they'll never ship or deliver. But there's enough data in how they built the thing to clarify to anyone who would take their place should they not deliver how simple it is to construct and program such a device.
For anyone designing, building or deploying such a beast I'd imagine 95% of their budget would go towards security and hardening the thing, both hardware and software. There's no use buying and selling thousands of USD worth of bitcoins at a vending machine like this for 5% (my estimate) commission if you're going to get broken into before turning over the average holdings a bare minimum of 20 times.
OTOH, pull off security capable of deterring break ins or vandalism (eg, failed breakins) enough to keep your costs lower than your revenue and you'll serve a strong and growing demand with powerful network effects. :O
@_date: 2013-01-29 00:42:28
Unless you sit on them long enough that single BTC can buy a house for you, heh heh ;3
@_date: 2013-02-05 02:50:37
Can you tell if that volatility is not actually volatility in the USD you compare the gold against? I mean not all of it obviously, but compare a gold chart with CPI and you'll see they match on a majority of their moves.
@_date: 2013-03-17 09:26:32
I'unno, man. I've noticed the same thing, and I've been nursing the weak link in the chain (IM btc-e support asking for deposit permission) but haven't heard from them after a few days *shrug*
@_date: 2013-01-18 01:13:35
That's right, the transaction hash. Good luck, sir. :3
@_date: 2013-11-06 20:29:03
Freedom is the inability to control others? :&gt;
@_date: 2013-02-14 02:09:48
your paragraphs starting with 4+ spaces are getting formatted such that they do not wordwrap, so most of the text is missing off the right side of the box.
Take out those indents, for great justice. ;3
@_date: 2013-02-13 04:01:36
Lucky skunk, nobody 150 miles from me! lols XD
@_date: 2013-08-24 14:09:18
Please check one:
* [ ] Trolling
* [ ] Engaged mouth before researching subject matter
@_date: 2013-01-26 23:51:10
Well, MtGox isn't the only exchange though. There are dozens of them. Some places where you can buy or sell bitcoins never show you the market behind it all, and many of those places just do their background trading on MtGox. Coinbase for example, fastcash4bitcoins.. 
But still others operate their own local exchanges with the same basic features that MtGox offers. [VirWoX]( [BitFloor]( [BitMe]( are my favorites. You can see a list of the activity and charts from nearly all of the exchanges at [Bitcoincharts](
The only reason people choose MtGox when they quote a semi-official "price" for bitcoin is because Gox does more volume than any other exchange, by a factor of 10 over the next in line. Also, the reason that value stays so well in sync between all of the exchanges is because of a process called [Arbitrage](
Any time two markets are out of sync by an amount more significant than the friction of getting money in and out of those exchanges, any trader who sees that difference has a profit incentive to buy at one market and sell at the other over and over (making money with every unit traded) until those prices come back into sync. It's like having two silos of water at different levels. Connect them with a pipe and they will equalize, and you'll get water pressure flowing through the pipe while they equalize. Put a turbine in the pipe, and that water pressure generates power. That power/profit provides the incentive that free traders will never leave an opportunity like that untapped; so we get our silos forever kept level with no endothermic effort required. :3
@_date: 2013-05-15 08:49:42
Please observe our community rules from the sidebar:


For your specific predicament, I might also recommend you bone up on  and find somebody willing to sell you some BTC for paypal. Then if you're ever off by a farthing you'll have a place to turn.
@_date: 2013-06-03 06:55:09
Mining pools are reasonably profitable to run, yes. Also carry some risk since their operation predicates on the guessable but fundamentally unknowable properties of when and how often your pool will find blocks.
@_date: 2013-02-14 11:43:44
Well, I don't so much see "cold wallet" mentioned anywhere in this ramble. He says "a USB drive with encrypted wallet", apparently with 1200-1500BTC worth on it. He claims that because of earlier problems, they set it up so that neither he nor Erick was entrusted with a larger portion of the wallet than they could afford to lose and stay in business. Obviously that wasn't the case, since losing Erick's portion just put them out of business.
I do agree though, an m-of-n cold wallet system is just what the doctor ordered. Either BIP011 or Shamir's Secret Sharing would do the trick nicely.
@_date: 2013-06-03 07:06:54


Nope, there is no direct correlation between the work that you do and the bitcoin rewards that you can receive. The correlation exists between the number of bitcoins paid out to *the entire bitcoin mining network* over time, and that correlation in turn is maintained by the automatically adjusting difficulty level. All you do is compete for your piece of that large pie, defined by the aggregate power of your mining rigs.
At any given time, there are X Gigahash per second (GH/s) of power in the global mining network. The "difficulty" has been adjusted so that approximately that much power is required to mine a block every 10 minutes. Each block mined rewards it's finder 25 bitcoins. So the entire global network gets no more than 25 bitcoins per 10 minutes on average.
Now the power of the global network [ebbs and flows]( When the power increases, then every 2016 blocks the difficulty is recalculated by the algorithm (specifically by the person who mined that 2016'th block, and they have to show their work and the rest of the network must agree or the entire block is thrown out as invalid) and a new difficulty is set so that the new network power still takes ~10minutes to calculate a block.
@_date: 2013-04-18 04:08:48
Not much in the way of projections, but if you expect device X to become the standard mining device then you can go to [the bitcoin mining profitability calculator]( and put in the specs for the device in question, and then increase the difficulty until the revenue dwindles to 1x-2x the costs.
That is pretty much the difficulty you can expect from that device being deployed large scale. :P
@_date: 2013-02-19 03:23:48
I don't see how the idea you're proposing would lead to these alt chains being "backed" by Bitcoin. Wasting BTC by sending them to a broken address does not imbue any speial value upon the alt-chain, because you would never be able to trade back to your initial BTC investment. That is what "backed" normally means.
@_date: 2013-08-15 00:18:37
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* No referral links in submissions.
@_date: 2013-05-16 00:47:08
Really? It's github. Something as simple as showing the [virustotal]( result of the download ought to grab their attention, if nothing else. 8I
@_date: 2013-03-19 16:28:33
I'd prefer ownership over a palatial 1,000 room mansion with a staff of 300 butlers and cleaning ladies to renting a 3 bedroom apartment. I hope you agree that that is a reasonable preference but I also hope you agree it is in no way a realistic or sustainable one.
@_date: 2013-03-07 07:18:51
I think this is important news, but our rules preclude hiding said news behind referral links such as the one in the twitter post itself.
I think a better way to resubmit this would be as a self-post with a link to the twitter post, and another link kindly offering to allow folks to walk around the cur.lv advertisement.
Thank you. :3
@_date: 2013-02-11 07:28:40
Hands up, who here has objections to Annie stripping for Bitcoins? 8I
@_date: 2013-02-26 00:13:20
Another option: your friend can tie his bank account to FC4B, or to coinbase, and then you just pay his deposit address and he gets the money via ACH 3-6 days later. Low fees, done and dusted, that much easier to do again another day. :3
@_date: 2013-04-10 04:22:29
Next best thing to "not having to trust a middleman" is "getting to select your middleman on a per-job basis". Compare and constrast to: banks, paypal, visa, etc. ;3
Another workaround is to make sure you're both authenticated on  so you can at least leave feedback shield one another with your respective good names. :3
@_date: 2013-01-29 01:30:07
How does Bitcoin change the internet?
* Expecting people to look shit up for you on wikipedia. Rude and annoying.
* *Paying* people to look shit up for you on wikipedia. Lazy, but still kind of awesome. x3
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:24:30
Legal experts, security experts, I would imagine some kind of banking connections since you need to be able to offer fiat deposit/withdrawal services for your customers.
@_date: 2013-03-14 22:05:47
Try [VirWoX]( or [Liqpay]( Also, you'll get a much better exchange rate than $200usd/btc that way.
@_date: 2013-08-25 15:25:16
I'm counting 5 places above in this thread where people have already said this, so here is 6. BTC trader goes to dispensary, trades BTC for cash, then BTC trader uses his "I'm not a dispensary, therefor I can secure this cash" status to leave the building. Done.
@_date: 2013-02-20 21:43:47
Examining the flaws I could do (or more relevantly I could get off my lazy bum and cite the 2-3 examinations I've already read xD) but correct them I think not; the take-away I got was that examining the blockchain is a tea leaves exercise. It's not *supposed* to inform third parties about people's personal spending habits, and it's good that it's full of naturally occuring red herrings that stymie analysis.
@_date: 2013-01-23 06:04:28
I'm curious what you want cash euros in the US for? Not to be nosy, just thinking that perhaps you're procedural wires are a bit crossed and you're overlooking a simpler solution. :)
For example, if you'd like to have euros to spend when you go to Europe, it's probably just better to hold onto the bitcoin and convert to euros in Europe when you arrive. If you're planning to remit Euros to somebody, it's probably better to pay somebody in Bitcoin to mail/parcel/courier euro notes to the remittance destination for you.
The problem I perceive you are running into is that I don't think there are many euros physically in the united states. What would anybody do with such certificates? *shrugs*
@_date: 2013-03-30 15:06:36
I'm among them.
Litecoin is not a dominantly preferable algorithm compared to Bitcoin, it is a knockoff and it is not championed based on it's merits, but only championed based on the speculative desires of it's adherents. It offers no meaningful benefits to the users of the currency compared to an alt chain you and I could start right now, with the purpose of centralizing the wealth of.
To a user, merchant, or investor who is not presently using cryptocurrencies, the algorithm is beneficial. Within that category, the Bitcoin implementation offers the richest support and adoption. That fact enriches Bitcoin's early adopters because they took the risk that this algorithm was really good enough to take off, and it has. Litecoiners perform nothing short of trying to replicate that speculative success by treating the Bitcoin community as a parasite would, and endangering (all of) our adoption in the process.
@_date: 2013-03-11 17:14:49
I still don't get how a shift in supply distribution leads to an increase in demand.
For example, if I decommission a GPU farm and direct it to start mining LTC I would expect either a change or an increase in sell pressure but no difference in buying demand. 
@_date: 2013-01-29 06:30:56
First question: do you prefer convenience or digital security? So long as your physical security is good (nobody's stealing the SD card, plugged into naught but highly malware hardened or offline-only PC, etc) then digital security is less important and you can focus on convenience.
But if you do need digital security, ext4 on top of a truecrypt or luks volume is the trick. And make sure the wallet file itself is also encrypted. Never type your decryption key at a potentially compromised terminal, if you're dealing with large amounts never type it or allow your decrypted wallet file to touch a system which has ever seen the internet. Airgapped cold wallet is about the best way to protect yourself from malware and keyloggers.
@_date: 2013-01-03 00:21:46


As with any oblique currency choice, the easiest incentive for employers to pay an employee in bitcoin is if at least some of the employers customers are paying them in bitcoin.
If you were already being paid in USD, and business gets 10BTC from a customer, they can either pay a fee and spend a lot of effort to turn that 10BTC into ~$130usd and then pay your paycheck, or they can just pay you the 10BTC in substitution of ~$135 they would have already paid you and save a bunch of hassle and at least $5 in this circumstance. That adds up over a number of paychecks, of course. :3
For *some* businesses, it might even be possible to accept BTC from customers and then pay that to willing employees off the books and choose not to let the IRS put their hands into the pie. That would be a complex and possibly dangerous route to take, but among bitcoiners the idea of resisting state authority is pretty popular.
@_date: 2013-08-22 00:00:29
Couldn't tell if this was posted to or not. :o
Anyhow, why are you tracking MtGox on Bitcoinity instead of Bitstamp? :J
@_date: 2013-02-04 09:58:58
I say that's giving them too much credit.
Bitcoin is an interesting beast, in that I think you can only see it in one of two ways. You cannot dislike it without failing to understand how tough it is, and you cannot understand how tough it is well enough to mount a meaningful attack without inexorably gaining an appreciation for it's potential value to you, personally.
Basically: anyone who hates bitcoin thinks it will fail, and has no need to directly attack it. They underestimate it by default. They cannot properly estimate it well enough to arrange to do it any real harm without first learning enough about it to dispell any potential criticism about it.
So, US Govt secretly spending the past, specific 6 months burning millions upon millions of dollars and devoting their most skilled hardware development minds to the single-minded goal of toppling what they have no cause to believe is anything but hilarious internet folly on par with Beeny Babies? [I'm not sold on that narrative](
@_date: 2013-03-10 10:59:05
Masochist (better spelling) just means anyone who gets excited by feeling pain. Doesn't have to be fat or a chick. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-22 15:34:18
It doesn't work for them. The original whitepaper cautions against address re-use and well known addresses, and instead encourages a fresh address for every finite transaction. Both for anonymity and for increased security against any kind of direct attack, whether known or unknown.
The cryptographic attack surface for any signing mechanism includes having access to the public key, and having access to previous samples of documents signed with the keypair.
ECDSA is strong enough against all known cryptanalyst methods today that having those extra attack surfaces does not yet help the attacker. However as cryptographic knowledge increases and ECDSA eventually weakens, the first struts to fail are liable to be that with access to previous signed documents and/or access to the public key, time to replicate the secret key will diminish.
Satoshi planned for such eventualities by minimizing an attacker's access to said potential attack surfaces by making it *possible* to keep them completely hidden until the moment they are no longer needed. This protective strategy is incompatible with address re-use.
@_date: 2013-03-01 08:29:58


Here is the funny thing about currency and commodity evaluation. There is no static evaluation. Every single trader values things differently, regardless of what trades are being actively made on the market — the market is nothing but a maelstrom where buy orders and sell orders annihilate.
It doesn't matter if you have a Picasso on your hands on a dessert island and it doesn't matter if you have up to date intel via shortwave that it's worth a hundred million usd. It doesn't even matter if it's value is increasing at 10% daily. If that's the only tool you have to dig up some roots for food, you will personally *evaluate* the food as more desirable than the Picasso, and ruin the painting in order to sate your hunger and stand a better chance of living to be rescued.
You'll do this because wealth evaluation represents nothing but future preference, and of course you have no future if you can't eat.
Every trader has limited resources at his disposal to trade with and every trader has non-negotiable needs. Most traders even have predilections, and might gamble away an appreciating asset in a bar bet because the thrill of risk is desired by that person more than the promise of appreciation of that asset is.
You can argue that deflationary currencies advise *cautious* spending behaviors, even putting off discretionary spending in comparison to Keynesian inflationary fiat forcing consumers to treat a currency like a hot potato. But why should that matter? There will always be commodities to hoard, just because Bitcoin is one doesn't mean that all commerce halts. If Bitcoin were as inflationary as fiat, whoever was going to hoard anyway would go buy some baseball cards or comic books and wait for those to appreciate instead. People will always choose to store their wealth where they estimate it's going to benefit them the most.
Saving is future valuation. You'll buy that computer today, or you'll buy it tomorrow or you'll buy it next week, and the tipping point will always come where *having this computer now* finally strikes you as having a greater utility than *maybe* having a fancier computer in the future.
@_date: 2013-03-28 19:49:42
A bird in the hand is worth all the tea in China.
A watched pot never calls the kettle black.
@_date: 2013-04-26 00:39:46
Please observe our rules in the sidebar: No referral links in submissions.
@_date: 2013-03-10 10:45:50


This pretty much renders the rest of the hand-waiving moot. :3
On top of that, while Tor might not always be able to handle the vast transaction pool it ought to always be able to handle the actual block uploads. Solution: miners trade all their transactions publicly but upload their "controversial" blocks through tor. Maybe even upload all their blocks through tor by policy. :J
@_date: 2013-04-30 20:56:21
Ripple is an interesting *idea* for a protocol that one company decided to ride as a gimmick to pump their own cryptocurrency.
Julian is correct that it is closed source and centralized. We can't even know to what degree the XRP system currently being advertised as "ripple" even follows the original protocol specifications until they open up the code.
@_date: 2013-03-01 21:52:39
Seems up nao. :D
@_date: 2013-03-03 23:15:10
Email? Who still uses email? On facebook I just go "shit!" and delete the post from my wall-thing before they get a chance to check there's.
Even that's a little too risky for my blood. I'm actually a bit chilled to send anything but the most vital messages until that new protocol comes out where somebody else decides what needs to be said for me. Sure, then somebody else will be doing the fuckups but at least it won't be my fault anymore and I get to continue looking perfect in the background. "Oh, don't mind him, impossible to find decent help these days.. bad monkey!"
I'm so glad that my financial concerns already operate this way. I love NannyPal! :D
@_date: 2013-08-10 03:41:59
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
For trades, I would personally recommend @_date: 2013-01-07 05:55:16
That I don't know, I'm afraid.
Coinbase specializes in banking integration (they also offer merchant services which compete with both Bitpay and MtGox' options) but I know next to nothing about how any bank systems work outside of the US. There is ... SEPA? and .. pingit in the UK? and .. I don't know, I keep hearing stories that in all other countries bank to bank wires are instant and free, or some bullshit. xD
@_date: 2013-01-31 03:02:00
The trick about "specialized mining hardware" is the specialized part.
It's only as fast as it is performing optimizing Bitcoin mining because it is specialized. The circuits are literally printed onto the board in a way designed to make the process of performing one bitcoin hash incredibly fast.
Attacker dumps millions or billions of dollars into getting their own ASICs to control the network, users shrug and move to a new alt chain that adds a trivial change to the hash function, rendering all Bitcoin ASICs useless against it. Attacker now must dump the millions or billions of dollars back in to attack it again, though I imagine we'd have learned a lot from the mechanics of the first attack how to better deter it the second time.
Remember Napster? Too centralized, they took it down. Now Bittorrent + DHT they can't seem to take down.
Would it suck if that happened? Sure. But it's also not inevitable. Bitcoin does a great job at keeping the expense of attacking it quite high. Collusion is expensive, because there is no honor among thieves. Investing more than all other miners combined without collusion is expensive, because the miners enjoy all combined txn fees + daily subsidy in daily income and an attacker would either have to outcompete them or magick together more capital than our entire economy produces just to weigh in. 
Printing fiat gives you formidable capital raising power, but even those who wield it must calculate the benefit of disrupting or co-opting the Bitcoin network vs the harm/inflation/shock done to their own economy by that specifically allocated round of printing and investment. Put simply, the cost to them of hurting us would have to be less than the quantifiable revenue they get from hurting us.
Put another way, what individual corrupt actor would print a billion usd to destroy a succeeding Bitcoin when they could buy a billion USD worth of Bitcoin to line their pockets with instead? Would destroying Bitcoin convert that billion of fiat into an equivalent amount of asset they could  embezzle? If not, what's in it for them? :)
@_date: 2013-01-13 05:34:06
Oh yes, this is called an M-of-N transaction. It's an immensely powerful feature everyone has wanted forever, and it finally got added into the protocol with BIP0011 about a year back, but nobody has made a GUI to take advantage of it yet.
2-of-2 like I just discussed is powerful enough by itself, but the real game changer is 2-of-3 escrow. Then a buyer and seller can have an escrow agent assist them in fairly handling funds, without first yielding the funds to the escrow agent. :D
@_date: 2013-02-11 07:24:16
One thing I am curious about, but too busy/lazy to look up myself.. is how does this "XRP" play into the ripple central tenant of "the currency is the credit between trusted parties, denominated in other currencies"?
Just on the face of it, the XRP to me looks like a pump and dump scheme for the basic reasons people were worried about that with Bitcoin, and that impression comes from getting to the point where I do grok and appreciate Ripple the distributed credit mechanism but cannot get my head around Ripple the "look we made a currency, quick everybody assign value to it" currency. (?)
@_date: 2013-01-22 01:52:26


In that circumstance you should be safe so long as the wallet is always stored/handled encrypted save just before the client is about to make a spend. They nick your PC? big deal, they don't have your password and you've still got a backup of the wallet. :J
@_date: 2013-03-31 14:31:52


I'm not sure what you mean by this bit, you mean if a dollar was worth a hundred times more than it is today? Because it was worth that, 100-150 years back. Does that mean that nobody bought sandwhiches, or that they just [used smaller denominations](
It sounds to me as though you've got this idea that "a dollar is worth X, and anything worth 10% more or less than X can never function". Try going to Japan where a meal at a half-way decent restaurant could run five thousand yen. Try [looking back a hundred years]( to where the average wage was 2-3 dollars a day, instead of 100-200.
Right now, 1BTC is worth $92usd. So, if you need a denomination the right size to fit into your hand then maybe you want 1 bitcent. Equal to 0.01BTC, or $.92usd. That *is* within 10% of a dollar, and there are 2.1 billion of those in our presently tiny market cap.
In the future if BTC goes for $1 million usd apiece, then you might be more interested in daily business using the µBTC. That's just one one-millionth part of a bitcoin, or given the above exchange rate roughly 1 dollar. And there are 21 million million of them. Would that be enough to go around?
This isn't complicated, it's just simple measurement. Meters are too short to comfortably discuss the distance between cities, so we use kilometers. Kilometers are too long to comfortably use in watchmaking, so we use millimeters or even micrometers. That cannot be too complicated for the common person because they're already perfectly happy making change and measuring distance and converting between units as needed. You don't give people enough credit.
@_date: 2013-08-08 19:38:57
Here's the process you can follow when you notice a duplicate:
* Right click "Permalink" or "full comments" and copy the reddit submission url (not the url it links out to)
* click "report"
* Message mods. Give us the URL of the duplicate submission, and optionally if you have the time you can find the original submission which it duplicates.
So long as the alleged duplicate submission fails to add any actual, new information that the previous submission did not, then we'll remove it based on the "no repetition" rule in the sidebar.
@_date: 2013-02-05 00:28:49
Wait, so banning Paypal is how you ban Bitcoins? I don't understand what you're suggesting.
@_date: 2013-03-09 12:51:03
Ah ha, thank you for that. I must have missed the fleeting mention. ;3
In any event, good gods this shouldn't have been produced as a  podcast over visually repetitive gameplay footage! It's like the youngin's have forgotten there is such a thing as the written word. T\^T
@_date: 2013-02-01 11:15:28
One could argue "common carrier".
Every day radio waves are passing through your body carying digital messages you disagree with. Your body occasionally reflects and amplifies these signals by accident. Not something you can really do a lot about.
Any Muslim who runs a Tor node is trafficing unknown data they would also disagree with or find personally offensive, but it would bite off their nose to spite their face if they refused to run a node over it.
Data in the blockchain would only be known to them if or once pointed out, and even then must be decoded through a process, and optionally decrypted with a key. One can argue the data lies as much with the process, the key and the position in the blockchain as it does with the blockchain itself. It's on par with indelible Graffiti, and certainly not an efficient file locker. :P
@_date: 2013-04-10 00:44:12
If you think it's a bubble, then short it. Why are you heckling us instead of getting rich off our backs like a decent human being, anyway. :D
@_date: 2013-01-24 07:08:16
takes 21 days to reverse.
Just saying, he could lose 50 cents by then. 8I
@_date: 2013-02-13 01:36:03
They learned that they've now converted an awful lot of BTC into USD at that price. ;3
@_date: 2013-02-18 06:04:41
From other thread:


I'm planning to head to portland both late March and sometime in July, might have lunch with while there.
I've never heard of your place before, but we might have just found ourselves a venue. :B
@_date: 2013-08-31 03:01:29


I know people who do that so often they substitute such chicanery for a source of income. It's not like the banks or card processors care, they simply leave the merchants holding the bag.
Besides which, how many times can you dine and ditch before a bank stops you? How about simply telling the restaurant you hated the food and threatening to make a fuss? Nobody makes you stay and wash dishes anymore, and good luck running out of new eateries to scam.


Oh most definitely they are. I have yet to visit a restaurant who has a card swipe that can make it to the table. I've only ever seen them connected to telephone landlines at the front desk.
They leave a foldy bit at the table. You can either put cash and tip there and go, or you fold your card into the little foldy bit. They take the foldy bit away, and come back 5-10 minutes later (no exaggeration, it's on par with how long it takes them to fetch drinks) with a receipt which you sign and fill in the tip part for. You're now free to leave the table and they'll collect the receipt when they bus the table.
When I've been in a party with a dozen people, they bring a big check and somebody negotiates with them who had what, and they bring back little checks in foldy bits for each payer. And then commences the two step foldy dance for everyone.
Bitcoin: leave us checks with QR codes. If we want to use any electronic payment, including bitcoin, QR code takes us to your merchant processor's website to pay however the hell we want. Server is not required to visit or take any cards away, you can just pay and go, receipt emailed to you and all.
@_date: 2013-05-16 17:38:54
Zero confirmation is perfectly fine for most low-ticket, face to face transactions. The cost of double spending those transactions are much higher than the costs of using a stolen credit card, which the merchants are already factoring into their present risk write-off losses.
The correct way of looking at the bitcoin confirmation process is being similar to the credit card "batch processing" step, which very large organizations like Wal-Mart do daily and smaller shops may only do weekly. Clearing all your transactions to 1-conf every 10-20 minutes is way faster than every 24 or 168 hours. &amp;
For larger ticket items Bitcoin blows the crap out of any other payment method by way of preventing buyer fraud.
* Cash? [non-negative risk of counterfeit notes]( and takes days and high expense (armored car?) to transport over distance.
* Gold? [non-negative risk of tungsten]( and same transport issues as above.
* Credit Cards? Very high risk of chargeback, stolen card, buyer's remorse, etc. Have to wait for daily or weekly (expensive) batch cycle before money is captured to your bank account. Simply cannot be used for very large purchases.
* Bank wire? $35+ fee. 3-7 days to clear.
* SEPA? Not available in the United States, but great for Europeans. :P
* Bitcoin? 6-conf in one hour, average. A properly secured Bitcoin-QT (or similar) client on a properly secured computer with an untrusted internet connection and zero trusted parties beyond the point of sale PC can authenticate your transaction beyond the power of all known technologies or methods to reverse or double-spend (short of perhaps major mining pools colluding feverishly to permanently end their business models for the single effort of *maybe* reversing your transaction. ;3 )
@_date: 2013-09-06 18:11:40
ok, it appears you are assuming a 36 character dictionary. From which I can infer you assume it contains only lowercase and digits.
At any rate, 36^8 / 10^6 (assuming a million guesses per second, since this is a locally stored AES encrypted wallet file that's a pretty conservative estimate) = ~32 days.
Assuming 's offer is geniune (although it's probably not) and that he could somehow offer OP a script OP couldn't just as easily find online, then $123usd + 32 days of hardware effort could easily be a worthwhile sacrifice if OP had quite a few coins in the wallet. :3
@_date: 2013-06-03 14:50:48
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-06-22 22:03:53
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-07-02 21:44:22
Original article: 
@_date: 2013-01-29 00:04:14
I'm not asking you to consider your Bitcoin balance a savings account. All I'm asking is that you stop comparing Bitcoin with instruments that have both a mathematical foundation and an empirical history of loss, such as vegas and virtually any steady growth instrument denominated in fiat.
@_date: 2013-01-08 01:29:34
I'm just pointing out that "I think it's perfectly reasonable for them to dictate how people use their services" is writing a pretty blank check.
@_date: 2013-02-20 14:52:39


My perspective is that USD is about to lose it's hegemony, and as a direct result of that *all* businesses *and* users are going to have to get used to playing currency markets pretty quickly, or see their savings evaporate in whichever fiat currency they choose as it hyperinflates (or in the case of smaller currencies like Bitcoin resilient to hyperinflation of supply, suffers volatility). Greece, Argentina, and to a smaller extent the EU are all feeling that right now as their currencies begin to fail.
Users and Businesses will be forced to maintain baskets of currencies, and not just local ones but "gift cards" and amazon points and merchant tokens of every stripe. Imagine your currency is failing. What's easier than buying a year's supply worth of Widgets from WidgetCo, which you know you'll consume over the next year instead of holding the local, dying fiat? You don't actually get all the widgets delivered, just a certificate or digital balance saying that you own them. Need to settle a debt with your neighbor, but you've divested the local fiat? Why sell off a widget and face exchange friction when you can barter one widget directly to your neighbor? Just transfer control of 1 widget you hold in balance to your neighbor. 
Physically bartering cows for eggs and radishes is hard, but digitally bartering them will get quite easy once the software infrastructure exists to support maintaining those balances and finding trade paths between yourself and the person you want to pay automatically. Your landlords don't want widgets for rent? Software determines Landlord wants Hooha's and somebody on the other side of the country will sell you Hooha's directly for your widgets. Landlord wants 1 Hooha for a month rent, but trade exchange rate means that you're selling 2.5 widgets? No problem, maintain track of discrete products held on your behalf via fractional balances. If your balance was 3 widgets and you sell 2.5 of them, you're left with "0.5 widgets" which can be cashed in at the widget merchant as a 50% discount.
Money is nothing more but the most easily bartered product. As any idealized barter economy like the above starts up, people will naturally gravitate toward forward-looking investment in whatever kind of widget promises them the best deflationary characteristics, most reliable buyback process, and best properties of money in general such as liquidity and fungibility. All centralized institutions hoping to host such a pseudocurrency will be hard pressed to outperform decentralized cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin in these respects.
This isn't Bitcoin's fault, but it is the uncertainty Nakamoto forecasted amidst the credit crisis which inspired the creation of Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2013-07-27 10:12:43
It seems folly to me to accuse reddit admins of political censorship. To my knowledge, they only shadowban when users break the [global reddit rules](/rules), which are pretty straightforward in and of themselves. Can you recall any recent incidents where you may have run afoul of these?
I recommend you [send a message to the admins](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Freddit.com) to get things sorted out. It's not my place to speak on your behalf, I barely know ya. I just wanted to be GGG and give you a head's up, because I don't expect that you would be flouting the rules on purpose.
@_date: 2013-04-22 23:51:01
You have the basic idea correct, yes. Securing Bitcoin is simply a matter of information security. Your private key, a 256-bit long number (normally rendered as a bunch of letters and numbers starting with a 5) must remain secret. Knowing that secret allows the knower to spend the money at the resulting address. Not knowing it makes said spending impossible. Story ends.
The trick of using paper to keep a secret like that is very intuitive. Don't let anybody see the paper. Don't let the paper get lost or destroyed, or you'll lose the secret. You *can* make multiple copies of the paper, just again make sure they are kept safe from prying eyes.
You can also encrypt the key before putting it on paper, so long as you know how to decrypt it again once you're ready to use it. That's a bit of safety in case somebody gets the paper, they'd have to also know the password to use it.
You can also print a QR code on the paper to make it easier to get that data back into the computer to use it.
If you are an advanced crypto nerd, you can even use techniques like [Shamir's Secret Sharing Scheme]( to break up the secret key into a bunch of pieces so that you need at least M out of the N pieces to get the true secret back, and hand them off to people (like heirs and lawyers and safe deposit boxes) for safe keeping without 100% trust. :3
@_date: 2013-01-26 06:49:31


Those orange and blue lines represent the volume of "buy" and "sell" orders.
when you come onto a site and just say "I want to buy/sell X bitcoins, I don't care what the cost is. Whatever it's 'supposed to be', I'm just in a hurry." then you are placing an order with a flexible price, and the site will match you up with other people buying and selling to automatically fill your order with whatever the best prices are at that moment. You won't get a good price this way, but you will get a fast order filled.
But those orders fill *against* other people's open orders, called "limit orders". These other people don't mind waiting, but they want to buy or sell Bitcoin at some exact price. Then they just wait for somebody on the other side of the table who wants to deal at that same price to fill their order.
Here's an example.
Alice has 10BTC, she wants to sell it. She looks at the orders already out there, people are buying at prices as high as $15, and selling as low as $16. Some people want to buy at $10, but nobody's selling lower than $16 so they just have to wait. Some people want to sell at $100, but nobody is asking to buy that high, either.
So the space between this highest buy order, $15, and this lowest sell order, $16, is called "the spread".
If Alice felt like selling at any price higher than $16, like $20, then she just adds her limit order into the pile. It stays there until Alice gets tired of waiting and removes it, or until all the buyers get so crazy to buy more coin that they buy the $16s and the $16.50's until they start pecking away at Alice's order. They might only fill part of her order, say buying 5 out of her 10 bitcoins, then she's got less left over. Or they might eat it all up. By then, obviously the price would be at $20.
I know it's a bit wordy, and I can't easily draw pictures to help illustrate it, but does that help you picture what goes on in a market? :3
@_date: 2013-03-23 23:14:12
You forgot the "non-techie" part of OP's rant. :J
@_date: 2013-08-26 06:52:48


[Citation needed]. Keep in mind, thanks to identity theft [United States banks lose about $50bn per year]( on behalf of their depositors.


Bank will not return your money if you are unable to sufficiently prove your claim (not always so easy in cases of determined ID theft), will not return more than what FDIC insures, if they return your money from fraudulent transactions made at merchants then they simply claw that money back from the merchants themselves who normally were not a party to the fraud — *literally* robbing Peter to pay back Paul..
.. and you're not *going* to lose your bitcoins if you can do as little as keep a 78-decimal number secret. Whether you lose what's in the bank is primarily a function of somebody else's competence, or lack thereof.
I value the unique capacity to transmit this form of wealth beyond my line of sight without first putting said wealth utterly at the mercy of one or a host of unknown third parties.. who.. incidentally? *do not* have my best interests in mind.
@_date: 2013-03-21 22:42:21
Which run-up to $30? :J
@_date: 2013-01-08 22:31:14
Oh, and also accept Bitcoin and promote donators to use it, but it would be in my best interest to accept donations in any denomination the donators wish to offer it to me. A majority of the donations Paypal would even be capable of freezing in this circumstance (especially if you keep that balance low) would never be remitted to begin with were Paypal not accepted. :J
@_date: 2013-03-28 22:53:28
At the end of the day, we're just talking about "how can I squeeze this wealth out of USD and get Bitcoin from it".
One method (aside from the obvious, but not omnipresent [local]( options: Buy a prepaid debit card or Amazon/Walmart gift card and sell it to someone over Bitmit. 
@_date: 2013-01-08 07:25:51


Which means it is NOT a [guarantee](
@_date: 2013-06-27 19:05:54
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-01-06 22:38:37
Well, look at it this way. Every four years the block reward halves, and neither the unit price of Bitcoin nor shoppers' txn fee habits are expected to suddenly change in expectation of that. So put another way, every four years the importance of the transaction fees compared to rewards doubles. Today the txn fee means almost nothing to miners, save that loads of them like boycotting txns with zero fee.
Furthermore, a burst in popularity could lead to transaction *volumes* so high as to overwhelm how many we could fit in a block. SatoshiDice simply launching was a burst like that. Such surges could conceivably occur before the end of the year. Then what do?
@_date: 2013-02-20 22:55:42
We know of zero specific indicators of when or how a price drop may occur.
We know many specific drivers increasing the price steadily, including increased adoption, constant media attention, recent reward halving undercutting supply growth with no matching impact on unchecked demand growth, etc.
Nobody can tell the future: if tomorrow somebody prints "Bitcoin linked to increased cancer rates in chimps!" and everybody's dumb enough to believe it, then that could depress the price for a while. But we're not aware of any specific events like that which are likely to occur any time soon, so ignoring black swans the price is liable to keep climbing at the current pace for months to come.
@_date: 2013-01-25 02:03:40
Turn the machines back onnnn!
@_date: 2013-01-16 01:27:25
Bitcoin is a very volatile commodity. I am bullish on it, but would definitely classify the commodity as potentially high return but high risk, ESPECIALLY if you are not exquisitely technically savvy and do not obsess over current events related to it.
Were I a lay person who did not trust banks and was looking to vouchsafe large amounts of wealth to resist inflation and if I disliked volatility I would look to Gold first. Gather it, physically secure it. Gold is one of the last investments which really even can tank in our economy, and it is also inflation-proof. Gold has been rising mildly verses silver recently, thanks to JP Morgan's antics, so I would vote Gold &gt; Silver for larger volumes.
By all means dabble in bitcoin. Buy some, use it to buy other goods, test all the plumbing and confirm you have multiple convenient and inexpensive ways to get into and out of the market before you start putting any weight on it. But do not look to it as a "stable" value store without being armed by tons of technical expertise. Potentially lucrative, and something I personally bet on, but still high risk.
@_date: 2013-06-06 22:54:22
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
I personally recommend or you can list items for sale on [Bitmit](
@_date: 2013-01-17 22:43:47
Bitcoin IS rising much more sharply than [precious metals]( That graph shows gold over the past 48 (or 72?) hours, raising from $1,671 to $1,687, or roughly 0.95%. [In the same period Bitcoin has raised]( from $14.3 to $15.5, or 7.7%.
So I don't see that you can blame fiat directly for more than 1/7 of this surge. :/
@_date: 2013-05-13 04:54:40
You may not spam your bitcoin address in the comments out of context. Doing so constitutes both spam and begging, which are against our community rules.
I have removed all of your posts matching this description.
@_date: 2013-06-16 03:09:32
Out of 2 successful sells on LBC (and 2 that just never materialized, but nothing lost) one of them was via Western Union to somebody else in the United States and it worked out just fine.
Localbitcoins does, to the best of all of our knowledge thus far, run a reliable escrow service. Just stay smart and stay safe, don't let anyone trick you into being vulnerable or doing things out of order and you've nothing to worry about. :3
@_date: 2013-08-10 22:46:22
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy.
Perhaps try @_date: 2013-11-15 18:34:12
Except at minimum Mike Hearn, the chair of the Bitcoin Foundation's Law and Policy Committee.
@_date: 2013-03-07 09:14:32
Don't forget how Bitcoincharts.com broke, too. T\^T
@_date: 2013-03-18 15:22:22
I suspect the best way of seeing a hard fork would be to use a modified version of the software that does not reject blocks based on validity checks and does not rebroadcast, but just interviews nodes to see what *they* think is valid. :J
@_date: 2013-06-03 17:37:29
As discussed, for all intents and purposes yep, lost forever. The bitcoins become more inaccessible to you than all the bitcoins in all of everyone else's wallets. EG: if you could get them you could steal money from other wallets too .. the system is designed to make that effectively impossible.
Moral of the story: keep encrypted backups of your wallet. If you work with a lot of bitcoins, devise a plan for inheritance. Split the private key up with [secret sharing]( or put a copy of paper wallet in a safe deposit box and bequeath the key to your heirs (along with instructions on how to use this geekmoney ;3). 
That sort of thing. :D
@_date: 2013-02-17 03:36:31
In face to face transactions, every Bitcoin point of sale terminal I've ever seen accepts zero confirmation for small balances, just as you would in cash. It's not impossible to double-spend in a face to face scenario, but it's very hard (read, expensive) especially in contrast to using a stolen credit card (which is already tolerated as an acceptable risk by merchants).
@_date: 2013-01-24 06:57:03
I dunno. Maybe? I love BCI's wallet but I've never used their mixing service. :3
My recommendation would actually be to deposit funds at any well respected wallet like Instawallet or exchange like Coinbase (but NOT MtGox!) and wait like a day and then just withdraw them again to a fresh address or three. Do both the deposit and withdraw through, like, tor. Then you're not paying anything but the transaction fees (no 1.5%) and you're not tipping your hand to one of the nosier IP-scanning entities of the world (BCI) and without a subpeona or hack to the exchange you used, nobody can match that deposit to those withdrawals and the exchange won't have an initial reason to care because they won't recognize the IP you called in from.
@_date: 2013-05-05 09:36:01
Hmm, I haven't noticed this before so it must be new: Todamont, you're coming up as shadowbanned. D:
@_date: 2013-03-06 03:20:05
Yes, coastermonger is speaking on the timeline from OP article of "mainstream breakthrough" happening by 2019.
@_date: 2013-01-29 06:21:31
That's the show we're all here for.
Just imagine asking a burgeoning dial-up ISP in 1995 if they really believed the Internet would be used for any amount of commerce in the future. The infrastructure just was not mature yet, was it? But 18 years along and we're all still using TCP/IP (as much as I'd love an upgrade to SCTP/IPv6 :P)
@_date: 2013-03-02 03:17:05
Inchoately based on how many new vendors I notice springing up per month, posts per day on etc. :3
There have been a steady stream of events and news indicating steady activity, and no events or news indicating activity suddenly cutting in half. Coinbase just launched and is doing several million in traffic monthly. The [transaction fee chart]( and [USD exchange trade volume chart]( from blockchain.info both indicate mild growth and no letdown in high snr indexes.
But it's not important if that's growing or shrinking by anything less than |10%|. What's important is the rate it was growing last year during calm periods well matched the supply growth, leading to plateaus while this year the supply growth has been brutally curtailed. Demand would have had to be similarly curtailed if we expected the price to remain plateaued. Since the pond is now emptying twice as slowly as it fills, you're going to see the water level steadily rise. :J
@_date: 2013-05-05 22:35:22
Please observe our community sidebar rules:


@_date: 2013-02-19 07:48:21
At -6, not everybody did it seems. ;3
@_date: 2013-02-09 03:43:03
With a steady stream of entangled bits you could communicate "quantum data" over large distances by encoding that into classical data. I have heard this approach be discussed for "transporting" complex material objects over long distances by way of encoding entangled measurements and destroying the original on one side and decoding those on the far side after the subluminal message gets received. I'm certain that much sooner, such techniques may help to allow entangled qubits to compute in tandem over a long distance, too.
But actually moving information (or causality: all information is causality) faster than light is not made possible via this method because when you make a measurement to collapse the waveform on this end, the far end has no way to know you've done that nor to know the results of any alterations you've made to your remote copy of the quantum state. What they can do is confim, based on your measurement you took remotely, that their local state happens to match it precisely.. once you've classically conveyed to them what state you saw. This is true even if either end has blindly altered the state, meaning that those blind alterations must have physically impacted the far side even though this cannot be confirmed superluminally.
@_date: 2013-02-28 01:41:00
I was quite pleased with my purchase. Packaging was good, delivery was USPS ground and arrived within I think 3 days. I'm also in the USA, but I didn't think to document from whence the order shipped.
Prices for my product were the same as amazon, cheaper than newegg, and of course tons cheaper and faster than divesting the bitcoin into fiat and purchasing that way would have been. ;3
Given your criteria, I would imagine they would work well for you today in every circumstance shy of the "maximum two day" shipping issue. I recommend you contact their sales staff and lobby for them to begin offering priority shipping options to satisfy your demographic, then once they offer it it's a fine PR point for them to re-advertise. :3
@_date: 2013-02-04 23:56:09
Ah, in that case the point in my novel to drive home is the significant iterative attack weakness of a brainwallet password. tl;dr, you want 160 bits of entropy minimum in the password because it's embarrassingly easy for any attacker to brute force every brainwallet ever from the nanosecond it gets a balance. :P
As to the relationship between the passphrase and the brainwallet, I cannot say I know the specific algo. My best guess is:
* private seed = sha256(passphrase)
* public seed = ecsda_public_key(private seed)
* Fake private key N = [hmac]( seed + N) magic ecdsa multiplied with public seed
* Real public address N = public_address(Fake private key N)
* Real private key N = Fake private key N magic ecdsa squished together with private seed
If I'm right about how the ecdsa multiplication/addition/whatever trick works, then that lets the watch-only wallet use a public seed to generate working public addresses without ever knowing or leaking the private seed, passphrase, or any of the private keys. :3
@_date: 2013-04-24 21:51:04
* No referral links in submissions.
* No compilations of free Bitcoin sites.
@_date: 2013-05-24 01:18:43
And how would they control said entry/exit point, aside from providing the level of service people demand?
* Herp: Want to trade Bitcoin with me OTC?
* Derp: Why aren't you simply using Paypal, bra?
Herp either has no compelling reason (meaning that literally nothing is wrong) or he has: meaning OTC exchange will commence. :P
@_date: 2013-04-23 20:32:00
Title is misleading.


Thinking that something is too complicated and having reservations about it ≠ dislike.
@_date: 2013-03-09 00:40:08
[Here's how you can decrypt that shiz](
Also, go ahead and save that page for a rainy day in case BCI is so down that page isn't available no mo. ;3
@_date: 2013-01-20 09:01:37
It looks like [3 people]( are selling bikes, and none so photogenic as these beauties. :9
Were I both able and inclined to afford them, I would consider Bitcoin as readily as USD to purchase any pre-owned vehicle. I don't see that you've much to lose posting this on Bitmit, just don't be too upset if our pond turns out to be too small for you to find any bites is all. :3
@_date: 2013-08-17 20:37:18
Well, it's not like they have to print it as cash. Just open new account at central bank, set balance to a squintillion dollars, spend out of it.
As long as you make the purchase in one batch, or several batches rapidly enough that the buyers don't have time to let the currency hit the currency market then price adjustments from currency supply inflation won't apply until after you have the gold already.
@_date: 2013-10-31 15:38:45
@_date: 2013-05-05 23:31:49
I deposit empty cans of soda and get nickles. (granted there is a step where I take the receipt inside, too...)
@_date: 2013-05-07 21:44:50
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:


@_date: 2013-03-23 23:56:11
Yubikey retails for $25. Hardware wallets wouldn't have to be much more advanced than that.
How long would it take to pay for itself verses spending 10-20 minutes rebooting to a new OS every time you want to move money? Furthermore, how do you get the spend from the watch-only wallet on the hot side to MagicOS on the cold side, and the signed spend back to internet land? Can you do this without executable code leaking through the communications channel?
What about BIOS-based malware? õ_O
@_date: 2013-01-11 03:22:08
Ah shit, I reply and twitter doesn't have an "edit" feature like Reddit does to alter the infamous "you're" typo. x3
@_date: 2013-02-23 04:12:16


Everything I've marketed on Bitmit has sold. The longest sell was a gift copy of Portal 2 which I got at steep discount due to one of them coupon thingies. Had to lower it's price a few times but it did eventually get snapped up for ~15% more than my costs.
On the physical side, I sold a EEE for a decent price too. I felt proud of that, too. &lt;3
@_date: 2013-07-05 05:06:39
As opposed to hiding posts from followers of X in order to prevent them learning about something for the first time.
@_date: 2013-11-25 10:53:57
I think muslim banks? They take their religious strictures against usury quite seriously. :J
@_date: 2013-04-21 02:48:30
Trades (including auctions) should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
If you'd like to post your gaming service to a website and list that here, then that's alright.
@_date: 2013-03-04 21:37:42
While an interesting historical perspective I don't see that this news article really pertains to Bitcoin. Maybe something more for or @_date: 2013-08-16 22:19:28
Yeah.. so printing *gold* isn't that hard either. Fed could manipulate the market price by having a shill like Goldman Sachs mete out as many gold certificates to speculators as the Fed is physically buying to (at least temporarily, during their purchase) keep the price depressed. Then after the dust settles, Fed can scapegoat Goldman Sachs with "shame on you for fractional reserving your gold certificates! Now as punishment, you have to pay everyone back in USD at current market price.."
Investors lose when they cannot authenticate their wealth. Bitcoin wallets authenticate your bitcoin holdings as an automatic function of their operation. Bitcoin at an exchange .. not so much.
@_date: 2013-01-24 01:50:33


But land deeds do. Why not launder money by constantly changing hands of a vacant lot? Sell it to somebody on the other side of the continent, or of the planet. Terrorists can pass around the deed to exchange WMD's, man I dunno. :3
@_date: 2013-01-22 01:03:07
Ferroh: how do you feel about Blockchain.info wallet's android and chrome apps? If users chose to use those exclusively in favor of the web app, do you feel it would make an attacker's job of absconding with funds more difficult, since the current version of those apps never transmits the encryption password to the server?
@_date: 2013-02-02 15:53:40
I didn't say that he was. I'm not here to defend VRJ, only having his side of the story doesn't give you a meaningful amount of information on his real situation. All I was saying is that it's not all that advisable to use the United States justice system as the be-all and end-all of moral leadership, either. 
I vote that witholding judgement on whether a person is trustworthy is fine, moreso due to negative marks from the justice system is fine, but condemning a person as "obviously undesirable" due only to the existence of a criminal record is both rash and naive.
@_date: 2013-02-07 06:02:36
If they're not transferable then they are not a currency and Amazon is perpetrating false advertising.
If they *are* transferable, then they can be traded for dollars or BTC, and there's no reason that people given the opportunity would not do that, to redistribute these coins from those who wound up with them (f/e as a gift) and have no interest in buying amazon goods to those who are interested in buying amazon goods at a discount.
Regarding the rest of your post, Bitcoin can be transacted in a thousand places and situations (yes, mostly online) where your local fiat cannot. I agree that currency exchanges introduce friction, but they also solve problems across currency applicability borders or there wouldn't be any and we'd all agree on a global currency, wouldn't we?
I can't spend USD consistently in France so I convert to Euros. I can't spend USD consistently online, so as adoption grows the option of converting to Bitcoin (and/or accepting it for my own offerings) grows more compelling to facilitate online, person to person, potentially international trade.
Give it a try? +tip 0.05 BTC
@_date: 2013-05-14 19:33:38
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
* Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy.
If you are curious about Litecoin I'd recommend to find out more, though.
@_date: 2013-02-18 08:25:17
I don't see bitcoin listed anywhere on the page..?
@_date: 2013-04-04 05:31:46
You mean I gotta wait a whole week? õ_O
@_date: 2013-05-01 01:48:52
because, gimme! :D
Have you go to paint it in order for that QR code to werk?
@_date: 2013-03-15 19:08:47
I propose they should do something to make them indistinguishable from a scammer. They have been taking every pre-order request coming their way and spending boatloads on advertisements to get more. They have been delaying their release long enough that people who may not have watched the calendar have passed their chargeback window through Paypal or Visa, classic strategy to maximize profits from a cut and run. They have been tendering refunds to payments made via Bitcoin denominated in Dollars, meaning they keep all the capital gains profit from holding the coin in the meantime. And they've been trying as hard as they can to make it look to the untrained eye like the product already exists when it doesn't in order to solicit more orders.
Avalon may have no more than a handful of known working units in the wild, but they went from taking orders to demonstrating a working unit in less than a month, and ASICs are an economy of scale so the cost of one working unit is a lions' share of the cost of hundreds of them. If Avalon comes up a month or two late, we've at least got evidence they've solved the hard part.
@_date: 2013-02-28 22:06:30
@_date: 2013-07-24 23:45:52
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* No referral links in submissions.
* Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy.
@_date: 2013-04-07 23:24:14
Because they want a horse with longer odds to bet on. They miss the Pirateat40 7% returns above Bitcoin days.
@_date: 2013-08-27 00:56:59
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrencies belong elsewhere.
I'd recommend @_date: 2013-03-01 21:10:42
The other thing to consider is that hash power will stabilize to the point where the only miners who quit are those for whom the difficulty correction made mining unprofitable. We're "shedding" inefficient miners, and an increase can never directly or permanently lead to a greater drop: the unprofitable miners can never account for more hash power in aggregate than the new power which displaced them.
@_date: 2013-03-09 22:26:14
Oh, I know they do. A mere 2% is a heady fairytale, son. ;D
@_date: 2013-03-11 10:46:25
I'm sorry, basically the same link has been posted before. I think one announcement of a new service is plenty, especially without any further discussion going on.
@_date: 2013-04-24 22:00:25
I'll also vouch for FastCash4Bitcoins.com and Tangible Cryptography. I've sold many Bitcoins through his service (mostly when I need to rapidly fund a paypal account, might do more now that Bitfloor ACH withdrawl is off the table! D: ), never had any issues and never heard of anyone having problems with the service. :3
@_date: 2013-02-19 06:27:58


There aren't any other industries I know of with fixed revenue and scarcely any cost input aside from electricity. 
Today, block rewards total 3600BTC/day: period. Transaction costs tack on, let's be generous and say 10% to this figure, bringing the total to just under 4000BTC. That is about $120kusd/day potential revenue for all miners combined, worldwide.
That is also the global miners' budget. However many terahashes we may "boast", we literally cannot spend more than $120kusd daily .. right around the globe.. on a combination of electricity consumed, hardware amortization, space and personal labor keeping the system going. Electricity is normally the largest expense in that list.
That's a total maximum of 45kw of power (assuming an average 11c/kwh, and give or take hobbyists who don't mind running at a loss and folks in cold environments displacing some of their heating bills..) to run the most powerful distributed computing network this planet has ever seen. 
For some perspective, [here is a single 60kw wind turbine](
Furthermore, energy input is not correlated to transaction volume, only to the investment needed to resist an adversary to challenge the network with their own energy sacrifice. Thus, handling 1000x as many transactions does not necessarily mean we'll need 1000x the compute power — and even 1000x the compute power would not mean we'd need 1000x the energy investment due to advancing technology.
EDIT: showing my work, $120kusd / (24h/day) / ($0.11usd/kWh) = 45.454kW
@_date: 2013-03-14 13:40:50
I like all these charts, including the non-bitcoin ones. They demonstrate the weakness of fiat compared to a fair(er) CPI.
And then go on to demonstrate our incredible strength compared to the same CPI. ;D
We'll reach more standard commodity pricing one day when demand has saturated (with market cap in the trillions of 2013usd), though never perfect parity so long as the physical markets continue to get shorted and fractionally reserved. We've just got to do our best to keep that market moving and the code calculating, come hell and high water. :B
@_date: 2013-03-04 20:37:43
They're *penetrating* the *bureaucracy*! D:
@_date: 2013-06-27 09:41:43
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Do not use URL shortening services: always submit the real link.
* No referral links in submissions.
@_date: 2013-04-13 03:45:46
I've never liked the term "use value", because "use" is far too ambiguous of a term. I use Bitcoin by exchanging it. It is valuable for me to use it that way. That makes "use value" an ugly term of art.
A better term for what I think you mean is "not fully negotiable value"; some value a commodity has that does not rely on the recursive concern of "will somebody else trade me something for this"? A value disconnected from purchasing power or exchange rate to other stores of wealth.
jcoinner's point is that Bitcoin is capable of being traded in manners that no previous technological substitutes are. That is a quality of the currency which is not directly related to it's exchange rate, and thus is not fully negotiable.
I will add to this that the service of notarizing a bitcoin transaction (eg, "Miner's fee") cannot be remunerated in any currency save Bitcoin; and the costs to the miner of notarizing your transaction (hardware, electricity, network access, etc) are not fully negotiable either. This operates in a similar way to national fiat taxes only being remunerable in national fiat.
@_date: 2013-02-25 06:47:35
Poster sounds like troll.
@_date: 2013-09-03 12:13:44
Alien mining machine: There was no evidence of anything especially powerful or futuristic mining the blockchain during Satoshi's period of activity. The entire, worldwide bitcoin mining network didn't get to be as powerful as a 2013 Avalon ASIC batch 1 rig until early 2011.
@_date: 2013-08-08 04:12:57
And are they taking money into escrow? I don't know how this whole pre-order process is set up.
@_date: 2013-07-13 18:33:12
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy.
@_date: 2013-09-26 22:06:19
Perhaps the right strategy would be similar to the one Bitpay used to convince Wikipedia to accept bitcoin donations.
Build a single deposit location with a publicly visible balance — be it a simple address or a kickstarter-style deal — where people throw in their bounty asking vendor to accept bitcoin.
That way, folks can vote with their money. It costs you X to implement this? Well, let me introduce you to X * k people will throw at you to make it happen then. :P
@_date: 2013-11-23 06:43:52


OTOH as long as it generates buzz which helps to get more users interested and tease up the price, it may be responsible for appreciating your remaining bitcoin savings enough that your total holdings exceed what they would have had you kept the initial bitcoin frozen in savings instead. ;3 
@_date: 2013-03-28 23:11:50


In my understanding, PM manipulation is due to naked shorting. Banks like JP Morgan holding Silver on people's behalf, and issuing and trading more certificates for silver than silver that they hold.
@_date: 2013-03-05 00:38:01
Damn. I wonder if this is a call for sellers to try to arbi some trage? :D
@_date: 2013-02-25 06:49:32
Hell, son. You're thinking too small.
Why, I bet we'll see Bitcoins selling for $30 by the end of the year! :D
In fact, they did that 102 minutes ago. So let's start talking about $40's and $50's next.
@_date: 2013-01-17 05:54:02
== Buying bitcoins
* Deposit cash at Chase branch? Try [Bitme]( very cheap, ~0.6% fee to use the exchange. Deposit and withdrawal are free.
* Deposit cash at Walmart/711/CVS? Try [BitInstant]( Fairly spendy, 4.9% + $3.95 in fees.
* Want to buy with Paypal/Credit Card/Skrill? Try [VirWoX]( Requires you to register a free account with [Secondlife]( and trade BTC-&gt;SLL-&gt;USD, total fees/losses ~6%.
* Want to ACH out of your bank account? Try [Coinbase](
== Where to keep your bitcoins
* If you don't know nothing about nothing, then either use the [Blockchain.info online wallet]( or download [Electrum]( Do not download the default BitcoinQT client unless you're prepared to wait potentially several days for the blockchain to sync with no ETA before you start to use it.
== Silkroad
* I have next to no experience here, I know you've got to use [Tor]( so you're work is cut out for you there. I know they offer Escrow, always always use that and never "finalize early".
That's about all I can advise. :J
@_date: 2013-02-04 08:59:51
I'd say it's more dysphamistic banter to call them that. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-31 02:31:13
How is this more complex than 5 pennies to a nickel, two nickels to a dime, 2.5 dimes to a quarter, 4 quarters to a dollar? õ_O
@_date: 2013-03-08 19:00:29
Well, those people can contract with a broker then, but the brokers and lone-traders could all operate over a decentralized network. :J
@_date: 2013-01-04 19:49:03
Sounds rather a Tyler Durden sort of perspective. If only we could get everyone to give up fossil fuel burning vehicles and eletricity, then the ecoystem could go back to normal, and people wouldn't have to sit in cubicles all day. They could return to the great outdoors to hunt and gather and get mauled by bears and stampeded by bison on a regular basis. :D
Seriously though, as a miner I make more money when I roll my profits into hardware which is superior at mining than those whom I compete against. That also prevents a 51% spend attack from damaging the network by making it more expensive to perpetrate (not only in startup cost but more importantly in opportunity cost given that that much power can do a lot of profitable legitimate mining, too.. :P) and it keeps margins low on transaction fees as the halving rewards eventually evaporate.
@_date: 2013-04-08 05:09:48
The point is Bitcoin is no more a gamble than a ponzi. Being dissimilar to what you're accustomed to is not the same as earning returns on the backs of others.
@_date: 2013-11-11 20:41:31
I don't know, sounds to me like such an SO might spur the porn and toy market at least. :P
@_date: 2013-02-20 19:00:13
The PE index valuation of not having any idea what you're talking about. &amp;
I don't take Bitcoin investment opportunities that rely on yielding your funds to a company which likely has no mechanism to induce payback to loan to another company that also has no mechanism to induce payback very seriously. In particular, it means the pricing information will be misleadingly high since said prices presume the stock (or even the market) will not just cut and run.
@_date: 2013-05-23 21:51:33
I assume that vanitygen uses /dev/urandom or similar as it's RNG, but I haven't audited it's source to confirm. That's the data point I would look for in researching if it didn't make any rookie mistakes in production. :P
@_date: 2013-02-16 01:01:57
Not quite. Because bitcoin balances can be lost and destroyed, there will come a time when newly minted supply growth ebbs below coin loss. Then the supply will officially deflate.
Until then, "price deflationary" in contrast to "supply deflationary" indicates that the unit cost of the currency measured in other currencies, precious metals, commodities or CPI goes up over time — or put another way that the purchasing power of each unit increases over time. This is what laypeople normally mean when they discuss "inflation" or "deflation"; change in purchasing power over time. Bitcoin certainly fits the bill for "price deflationary" for the foreseeable future. :J
@_date: 2013-08-19 03:01:02
Only according to [estimates]( with time windows shorter than a day. Everything 3-days and above does not see a spike that high.
But yeah, every estimate will be there within the next few days. :P
@_date: 2013-03-16 13:33:51
I don't see any link between these and PIA, though. blockexplorer.com is registered to ENOM and it's A records are at Cloudfare. bitcointalk.org has it's registration obfuscated and leads to a Dutch IP. What link do you see with PIA? õ_O
@_date: 2013-01-14 23:26:56
you keep setting announcement_date = 9 every time you restart the while loop.
That's not part of the joke, is it? Like, BFL is not continually claiming the asics will begin shipping sometime in late October 2012 today, are they? x3
@_date: 2013-08-07 22:16:21
One of many places the original content can be found:
@_date: 2013-10-23 20:17:25
And you appear to be somebody that replies and posts links without reading any of it very closely.
1&gt; Would you be so kind as to point to the part of my comment where I suggested that this trader was not legally required to register as MSB? Hint: I can point to the opposite.
2&gt; Your original statement was that a trader would be legally required to *refuse* suspicious service, with which you posted a link to Fincen regulations clarifying how instead you are instead very nearly *required* to allow said trades or else you cannot file the required SAR paperwork.
@_date: 2013-03-07 13:25:52
nah you duz fien, which was why upboat. :J
@_date: 2013-02-22 02:52:25


It doesn't matter if there are 21 million Bitcoins in the world if they are all located somewhere where you, the buyer, cannot find them to purchase or easily offer a good/service/currency to purchase them with without one or both of you facing legal consequences.
The "supply" in supply/demand does not indicate simply "how many of something is there", it indicates "how many *can the buyer access*".
@_date: 2013-08-15 03:17:54
Problems I have with this page:
* Entropy generated on remote server.
* This means user cannot review process used to generate entropy.
* User cannot guarantee entropy generated by that process instead of being subverted. (bad actor website could offer deliberately weak entropy)
* User cannot guarantee generator of entropy is not snooping/archiving results before offering them.
* Delivered over SSL, meaning user cannot guarantee that US FBI/NSA which are believed to have compromised the SSL root certificates did not eavesdrop the entropy.
Website which uses well vetted Javascript libraries to generate entopy locally would be better. /dev/urandom or Diceware better still.
@_date: 2013-03-19 21:40:14
Because the price has to go up 10x to surpass the $5bil market cap, a process it is arguably undergoing just now.
@_date: 2013-05-08 22:19:52
Yeah, I'm not saying he's dumb or anything. On the contrary, the guy seems to have some penetrating insights and it's informative for me to hear how he speaks about risk enumeration to begin with.
It's just interesting that the "hype" front in advance of the reality of decentralization is in some cases painting such an accurate picture of what to expect, and then once people are challenged they come out of the trance and start going "wait a minute, but that's impossible!" xD
Those same people are well positioned to be right humbled once they do grok the reality of the implementation.
@_date: 2013-06-17 08:08:06
I agree with If the machine(s) you intend to decrypt on have decent GPU's, then just make use of the same "attack" for client encryption. Instead of a thousand iterations, stretch a million or a hundred million.
While that would make 7 minute attacks take quite a bit longer, more importantly it would make [30-40 bit passwords]( reasonably safe for most applications over the next few years. :&gt;
@_date: 2013-01-17 07:49:50
[Coinbase]( will ACH to your bank account. I just checked, and it seems like your fees will run ~20 cents and you'll receive the ACH in about 5 business days.
Or check [LocalBitcoins]( to see if somebody in your area will just do a straight trade? :3
@_date: 2013-02-16 01:27:08
@_date: 2013-01-15 01:54:33
I don't pretend to be a hardware engineer or anything, but it is my understanding that you budget multiple runs of chips like this specifically so that you can quality check and discard huge swaths of the first batch and ship or consume as test/demo fodder what is passable — possibly with delays or special provisos — and learn directly from that physical batch what needs to be tweaked on further batches instead of spending an endless amount of time trying to virtually perfect one run that barely fits in your budget that you then pin your timetables behind.
Their liability at present is everyone believing this is an elaborate scam, not concerns about miners outdoors in Arizona complaining of failed components which ought to be fairly inexpensive to replace on warranty to begin with.
@_date: 2013-06-27 11:09:05
Quick feature request:
I'm not certain if this encrypt utility already offers any sort of key stretching, but if the encryption could scrypt the password with a user-defined number of rounds (I guess number of rounds would be best encoded into the product) that could allow users to optionally resist anyone getting ahold of their encrypted paper wallet from offline brute force attacks.
Thoughts? :&gt;
@_date: 2013-01-24 07:35:25
That's because ewallets, cold storage and the function of change addresses.
How frequently do your running transactions outstrip your worldly holdings? I'm dirt poor, and that business still takes me most of a year.
@_date: 2013-05-07 08:16:35
Alright, what's a "subscription" payment? õ_O
Does Bitpay already support that?
@_date: 2013-05-07 02:16:42
Yeah, activity as of the minute I'm writing this. Maybe that "somewhere safe" wasn't as safe as pappy thought after all? :P
@_date: 2013-03-04 08:44:44
On the one hand, it sure will be nice to get that mining rig I've ordered, heh. :3
On the other hand, it took all of 3.5 weeks for my standard Bitcoin holdings to grow against the dollar and consume the cost I paid for it (in comparison to holding the pre-purchase amount in USD during the same period), so I'm not exactly any more destitute than I started if it never arrives. ;D
@_date: 2013-02-25 01:45:19
Well, I think gp's point isn't about your usd-out activity and weather you bought pizza or heroine with it, but your usd-in activity and whether or not any money you received should be taxed at 44 percent. Even if all you did was buy into bitcoin at $1000 and later sell at a loss for $800. If you document and report what you bought and sold, you report a capital loss and get a *deduction*. otherwise they tax the money you move from your left hand to your right. 
@_date: 2013-04-04 18:38:01
I put 20% of my stock portfolio into it in mid February.
I didn't put any more in, but now it's over 50% of my portfolio. *shrugs*
@_date: 2013-03-14 13:57:55
Easier to call the authorities once your family is safe.
@_date: 2013-02-07 00:24:23
No, you .. said "Yet, I basically have my funds insured at coinbase." I was merely inquiring as to what form of insurance you mean. :J
@_date: 2013-03-13 18:25:22
Bitcoin sales are discretionary. When a buyer dumps a large amount of money onto the network to buy Bitcoin, nobody has to sell to them unless they want to. The sellers set the prices (or the buyer sets a price that the seller agrees to, same difference).
Thus purchasing a large amount of Bitcoin with fiat enriches the economy and drives up the price relative to fiat. Now this new holder of Bitcoin is part of the community, and can choose to sell his coins in whichever fashion he wants, too.
Can he force other people to sell their Bitcoin in a different way? Not really. The worst he can do is to sell his coin back off cheaply and try to lower the price, though his very involvement has increased visibility and raised the base price by leading more new users in so he will fail to lower the price farther than he started.
Another trick Scaramanga could pull off is to buy and sell huge quantities repeatedly to create volatility, driving the price up and down. It wouldn't take long for other Bitcoin wealthy individuals to just create huge bid/ask walls to eat the artifical action and to profit wildly from it, and no matter how you measure it Scaramanga would hemorrhage wealth by basically bribing other people in the market to make the price move around.
So basically, no. The Bitcoin economy is a wealth-sponge. Its' invisible hand moves money from weak hands to strong, constantly. It only rewards virtue, such as innovation or serving the economic goals of those who can then remunerate you in coin.
@_date: 2013-01-07 02:26:21
It just makes me wonder what a lot of these guys can/will do so far as reseller programs. Assuming they accept resellers at all, that should be an easy enough role to sidle into, I might expect. :3
@_date: 2013-07-29 23:39:33
MtGox rate is drifting upward from the other exchanges just because it is so difficult for anyone to withdraw USD from MtGox.
This is why many services including Bitpay (and thus many big Bitpay merchants like Gyft, Bitcoinstore, and Bitcoinin) recently stopped tracking the MtGox price for price discovery and now quote based on Bitstamp instead.
Finally, the market cannot correct this using arbitrage because you cannot easily deposit or withdraw from MtGox so you cannot simply sell BTC for USD there, withdraw that out and deposit the USD elsewhere to buy back BTC.
@_date: 2013-02-28 03:07:16
Yip. :3
For example, I can go to blockchain.info and look at live transactions as they come in, or go through history and look at any transaction that ever happened. I can click on any address talked about there, and see it's current balance, all of it's historical dealings, and see it's QR code. I can't normally see who's address that is (except for a few well known public addresses that BCI automatically labels, like the SDice betting addresses or the original wikileaks donation address, etc) and there's no way for me to know what all the money moving around signifies (did he/she purchase heroine with that transaction, or a fluffy teddy bear, or move money from one address they own to another?) but one thing shown is the QR code. 
I could foolishly chose to hold my camera phone up to that QR code and scan it into any of the bitcoin apps ever made and send some of my own money to that anonymous person. Doing so would be monumentally foolish, because I don't know who that is or even if they still control that address. I don't know if it's an eWallet or the control node for a trading bot somewhere, I don't know jack and I don't know who is going to get monumentally confused at the sudden dump of money in their back yard. xD
But I *can* and it's amazing how much "I'm not your momma" freedom Bitcoin allows me in choosing my transactions. Out of the zillion foolish ways you *can* choose to transact, it's always possible to try something which might have run afoul regulations and never been possible otherwise but turns out to be the cleverest damned thing ever. :B
@_date: 2013-04-19 00:55:49
I was thrown for a loop by this statement:


I don't see anything like that in Bitpay's TOS. I see "(e) items that are considered obscene" and "(g) certain sexually oriented materials or services", but no lines in the sand spelled out any more clearly than that. 8I
@_date: 2013-11-08 23:38:13
I don't know. If part of my family lived in China I would be pretty excited about being able to send/receive remissions that way, just off the top of my head.
"Ma, I need XXX money to pay for YYY thing. Okay, so you'll send that Western Union and pay 10% fees to get that to me same day? No, you can send Bitcoin that would be way better. Yeah, I'll email you the wallet id and just send me the coin, then I'll pay like 3% to an online trade on Localbitcoins who'll deposit cash directly into my bank account."
@_date: 2013-01-11 05:29:45
I tried to post this as a comment, but the comment part appears to be broken. (Always says "You must enter a comment." even when I did :P)
T'would be cool if you had a view that ranked the other currencies by their valuations in Bitcoin. EG, currencies with similar exchange rates to BTC would get grouped together.
I see a currency that piques my interest, I kind of get interested to see what other currencies have similar exchange rates. ;3
@_date: 2013-06-27 10:53:30
Quick bug report:
In Chrome, when viewing the Paper Wallet, encrypted with "hide art" checked, and you try to print, the print preview shows the "Encrypted Private Key (Password required)" text bit crammed too far into the lower-right corner of the coupon. It intersects with the lower border and with the private QR code, making the key unreadable and the QR potentially unscannable.
Problem does not appear to occur in Firefox, nor when replicating the case as closely as I know how in standard bitaddress.org (hide art, can't select "encrypt" tho).
Thank you again sir, and best of luck on your pull request! :D
@_date: 2013-02-24 08:10:48


Or any other broker or exchange. Localbitcoins, bitfloor, bitme, btc-e, etc. ;3
@_date: 2013-02-01 02:55:28
Bitinstant's been promising a bitcoin-funded debit card option for months now and has seen loads of delays. But OKPay's debit card has supposedly been available since before that began and offers similar features, just slower refill times.
In a world full of ATMs and empty of other local bitcoin money changers, waiting 3 hours or for the end of the weekend to get cash at an ATM has to be faster in an emergency than waiting 3-7 days for an ACH to clear, hasn't it?
@_date: 2013-03-22 23:57:13
+1 points to Slytherin
@_date: 2013-05-05 00:16:31


Why don't you ask them? They're the ones not accepting alt coins.
As for myself, I don't value any of the alt coins because they don't offer anything not already offered by Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-02-20 16:33:47
Bitcoin is internet cash. Physical localities like countries usually have their own currency, because they have their own political problems and challenges moving funds from one place to another. Bitcoin is a new currency, which many believe will become the defacto currency for "The Internet" because it's so much easier and faster to trade online: it's the first digital asset with no central authority that is easy to transmit but impossible to "copy". Because of this, it's value fluctuates against the USD, Yen, etc and it acts as  a completely different currency.
I'd start there, and take new questions as they come.
* Like "why should I use it", tailor your response to how it could benefit them personally. 
* "Why not just use USD?" because the Internet is apolitical and international, so it's currency should be too. Because USD is expensive and risky (fraud risk translates into even greater expense since processors always [shield the buyer and dump all costs on the merchant]( to transact online, and less useful to merchants in other countries. Because laws change from one locality to the next, and local currencies reflect that; hamstringing one location by the laws of the next. Bitcoin is apolitical and resists censorship, just like the Internet it inhabits.
* "Who runs bitcoin?" explain decentralization.
* "Where does it come from?" Carefully explain mining/bookkeeping, with emphasis on the fact that bookkeeping revenues are earned with real expense and risk, and that bookkeeping is in no way a prerequisite to participate in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-03-01 21:15:25
Hmm I wonder if this regulation also affects any Bitcoin exchanges in the state, such as localbitcoins.com, etc?
@_date: 2013-02-04 06:28:44
In addition to youaresatoshi's bullet points, waiters/businesses can just have a QR code for receive address on their business card or name tag. Scan that with your smartphone to send them coin. :3
@_date: 2013-02-04 12:03:48
Well, bitcoin is not a payment processor, either. It's just a protocol. That's a narrower surface of attack, thus not a fair comparison.
Coinbase had trouble awhile ago (though it must be fixed now or we'd still be hearing about it) where they were charging customers multiple duplicate ACH drafts. It would be pretty simple for a client bug in bitcoin-qt or electrum to accidentally duplicate a charge. It may not have happened yet, but if it did it (and especially if it were only caught on a 2 GBP transaction) it wouldn't be worth demonizing anything over. Just fix the problem and move on.
I'm more interested in VISA losing service to all of canada for most of a day due to badly planned single point of failure, and payment processors acting as content sheriff against file lockers, gambling and adult entertainment than I am small potatos, quickly resolved accounting errors. Those are substantial ways in which Bitcoin is superior by design. :3
@_date: 2013-09-05 23:31:20
Paypal *is* ebay, the one bought the other. Remember?
So far as deciding which division will handle escrow, once you have that much money tied up, even as bitcoin, issues like making certain payments clear in a timely manner and customer support and security for what will become the biggest digital theft target the world has ever known would lead me to think "that division that's already optimized to handle payment" would be a better choice than "that division that specializes in an a catalog of pictures and listings".
@_date: 2013-03-19 02:32:44
I'm sorry citizen, news articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news.
Maybe write an op ed as a blog article and link to that instead? Honestly, I mean I don't know what a JPM is so as a reader I could use some context to know a&gt; why this is bad and b&gt; why it's something that doesn't affect bitcoin users. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-21 23:39:19
On point  I think it is worth letting people know that changing a wallet's encryption password is useless. The real money is in emptying a wallet with one encryption password into a new one.
@_date: 2013-08-16 20:58:11
Next question: how does the end-user control whether the merchant requires GA vs Authy vs Yubikey authentication?
@_date: 2013-04-18 20:21:26
Hello, TheTechnoTourist.
Unfortunately, I must ask you to repost your submission. We have the sidebar rule "Do not use URL shortening services: always submit the real link" and this is very important to help our community properly evaluate links and filter out the spams and the scams.
I'd recommend just posting again the exact same text, but with real links at the end instead of shortners and probably double space those too so each link gets rendered on it's own line.
I haven't checked all your links yet, but also be mindful of the rule "No referral links in submissions." The links should either go to your content, or if the links lead to somebody else's content they should not include any codes designed to share revenue with you for posting the link.
Good luck! :3
@_date: 2013-05-07 11:48:16
Per our rules in the sidebar:


If you can unshorten those urls then we can unblock this submission. Thank you. :3
@_date: 2013-06-03 07:30:07
Yeep. :3
@_date: 2013-02-16 01:29:28
We can't bust heads like we used to, but we have our ways. One trick is to tell 'em stories that don't go anywhere - like the time I caught the ferry over to Shelbyville. I needed a new heel for my shoe, so, I decided to go to Morganville, which is what they called Shelbyville in those days. So I tied an onion to my belt, which was the style at the time. Now, to take the ferry cost a nickel, and in those days, nickels had pictures of bumblebees on 'em. Give me five bees for a quarter, you'd say.
Now where were we? Oh yeah: the important thing was I had an onion on my belt, which was the style at the time. They didn't have white onions because of the war. The only thing you could get was those big yellow ones...
@_date: 2013-05-07 00:11:14
News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news.
@_date: 2013-08-28 20:02:04
Gyft's exchange rate isn't crooked at all. Let me check it right now.
For a $5 Amazon gift card, they want 0.0419BTC. $5 / 0.0419BTC = $119.33 BTC/USD. 
Current Bitstamp exchange rate is $119.44, which is a difference of 0.01%.
Let's compare with Coinbase. I want to sell Bitcoin, they quote me $119.27 exchange rate. Bitstamp hasn't moved yet since last measurement, so that is a difference of 0.14%
I imagine your sense of mystery comes from still being accustomed to looking at the MtGox exchange rate (presently $130.43). **Nobody prices at MtGox anymore**. Nobody. The reason why is because it is astoundingly difficult to withdraw USD there, so that rate doesn't even reflect exchange against USD. It reflects an exchange against "maybe I can get USD for this but I probably can't" vouchers. It takes more such vouchers to buy a bitcoin than it does USD, which artificially inflates that exchange rate.
@_date: 2013-06-05 22:18:53
This pastebin is no more useful than a shakeycam showing a monitor with a bitcoin logo followed by a bluescreen.
If whoever generated this stacktrace really wanted to advertise a vulnerability instead of just trolling (and probably altering their source compiled version to even *have* the vulnerability) they would offer steps to reproduce, and/or at least a git pointer to the source code used assuming the error is challenging to reproduce.
Without that it's nothing but bad rumor written in a language C programmers are sensitive to.
@_date: 2013-03-01 08:19:15
That's what it sounds like to me, at $1mil usd/btc satoshis surpass pennies.
@_date: 2013-01-15 03:23:13
Bitcoins don't discriminate, thus nobody has to gtfo. :B
@_date: 2013-02-05 02:49:28
Dat thoroughness. :3
+tip 0.05 btc
@_date: 2013-09-08 11:43:26
/me nods sagely.
Alright, so what Primecoin mobile wallet software would you recommend that allows users to get their transactions *into the mempool* faster than Android wallet for Bitcoin does? õ_O
@_date: 2013-06-24 09:09:12
Yes, in the middle of a giant bullseye target.
@_date: 2013-02-25 11:36:13
Oh okay, so the "x% bigger/smaller" pertains to your block instead of pertaining to the block after yours. That makes a lot more sense then, it also makes sense why/that you would naturally scale it down as far as allowed in order to provide a bespoke size for the transactions you're presently mining.
Also also, that means people who mine lucky, early blocks (with few transactions) would always scale down, and people who mine rich blocks (esp where everyone's been flipping tails, and it's been an hour since the last block) would scale up to fit all the transactions they'd like to earn from.
Blocksize could get a bit bumpy, thus. :O  I wonder where 10% per ten minutes would lead if everyone found incentive to grow? MarkM's comments on exponential growth probably pertain to that. 
@_date: 2013-08-23 10:36:42
Bitcoin does work, it's just that it's very difficult to use it to buy or sell what is currently the single most popular commodity in the world: USD.
@_date: 2013-08-19 23:15:29
Removed for plaigerism. Original source: 
@_date: 2013-05-07 22:18:31
Thank you sir, I'm also sorry for the delay but post has been reapproved.
Best of luck with your app, good sir! :D
@_date: 2013-02-20 00:37:15
Awww, I'm coming up for some time at Spring Break, which I understand to be last week of march. :B
(Also I don't facebook because reasons, mwahaha! xD)
@_date: 2013-02-07 12:38:28
Oooh, ooh, [I've played this game]( before!
You've got to pick up the yellow arrow and poke at the duck with it so you can get the chalice. :3
@_date: 2013-01-25 00:49:05


Who told you that? There will only ever be 21 million bitcoins. Why would we want a market cap of exactly $21 million usd? I would hate to be forced to own every bitcoin ever minted and then give them all to some guy, just to purchase a $21 mil asset. :P
I personally think bitcoin will be more successful at roughly the level of 1BTC = $1 million usd. Then 1 satoshi = 1 penny, and market cap is $21 Trillion, which is a fine slice of the market cap of USD and EURO.
@_date: 2013-05-31 00:06:19
I'm sorry, I'm getting reports against this posting. Can you clarify where in the video the claim made in the title is mentioned, so that we know how to file this submission?
Thank you. :)
@_date: 2013-03-22 17:41:30
Well, there is always more than one exchange rate. I suppose those who trade in M0 will always have their own purer exchange rate, derivatives traders be damned. :J
@_date: 2013-02-20 21:58:10
Well the title is a lie. Of course they can change and they already have changed in the past.
But I love trolling people who can't be bothered to read the article content, so.. xD
@_date: 2013-02-24 07:53:26
I've got a different question (and please don't spit "troll" at me over it), how can you get paid a lot for producing very little? Do you mean hoarding Bitcoin, and if so how do you measure this supposed capitol gain (it's by comparing against the inflating USD, isn't it?) and how can you honestly guarantee that outcome? Bitcoin may have gone up a lot recently, but it is honestly still volatile from a perfectly circumstance-ignorant point of view.
I see holding Bitcoin as taking on an early adopter's risk, which may or may not pay dividends just as investing in a company may or may not pay you dividends, and at least some of that potential earning is inevitably going to come from not denominating your wealth in an ever-inflating fiat.
@_date: 2013-05-17 03:45:31
(link target is known scam/spam site D:)
@_date: 2013-08-19 03:02:04
Alright. Are you sure you are not copying and pasting whitespace in with the address?
@_date: 2013-04-28 16:28:53
As the guy who physically does the most removing of alt-currency related submissions, per the rule us mods all agreed upon: I'm not removing this entry regardless of it getting several reports already because it's primary focus is basically [META] and it hasn't really been discussed in it's own right for awhile. And because it's the least similar to a badly veiled soapbox or advertisement for alts that I've seen yet. ;3
My vision, which I continually trust that both our subscribers and my fellow mods share, is that is for news about and discussion of the Bitcoin currency and payment system. Because it is open source it gets forks. Like all open source projects with forks, the administrative goals of the adherents to original and derivative projects are guaranteed to be at odds, or they would not be projects with distinct administration. Neither project will be happy with adversaries for mindshare [abusing their forums to proselytize](
Seriously, just imagine Debian forum moderators having to put up with Ubuntu fanboys harassing them constantly. Of course they're going to filter out that nonsense! Ubuntu lifting the Debian code and then using it for their own purposes does not automatically guarantee their undefined interests equal time in the Debian community.
Add to this the real danger of new users here being lead to invest in other coins created for no reason other than pump and dump scamming.
We are here to curate conversations germane to Bitcoin's goals and evolution. We cannot be held responsible for decisions we never consented to made by administrators of currencies we don't choose to endorse.
Whoever wishes to participate in is more than welcome, just don't hold us Bitcoiner's responsible for what goes down there, yo. ;D
@_date: 2013-03-27 01:31:25
Maybe you should research [Bitpay]( if you're looking for daily payout from Bitcoin. *shrugs*
@_date: 2013-02-28 03:02:15
Yep, I actually saw the photo you're talking about, and in that case instead of an online wallet URL the customer gave the waiter a paper wallet, with a printed private key and QR code.
In either case, customer has prepped an address with only the tip amount in it, and is giving waiter 100% of the information anyone would need to slurp those bitcoins away forever printed onto paper. It's fine to use an address in a throw-away fashion like this to get funds to a person who will then sweep that balance into their own wallet, but it's not ideal to wave around a private key like that which you've tied your life savings into for obvious reasons. ;3
@_date: 2013-11-23 07:22:48
When I go shopping I just use my debit card (USD). Though at some merchants I can just use my phone instead (BTC c/o Gyft, eGifter, etc). I'll get cash as change at PoS with my groceries if I need to top off my trifold, and of course I can hit an ATM, but I just rarely work with the scraps of paper and frequently get frustrated about exact change. :3
I trust there is some way that this relates back to hardware wallets and cold wallets I just don't know what it is and feel a bit thick as a result. :o
@_date: 2013-05-24 03:33:02
Well, even if the date listed is wrong it says "fees: 0". That would mean that most miners will not confirm it, so you may have to wait heaven knows how long for a generous miner to fold you into a block.
@_date: 2013-06-14 00:52:29
Well, what advantage would the US Government get from running a decentralized fork of Bitcoin that they could not get from the central banking system?
Replace "alt chain" with "central banking system" and everything else here is already exactly what they are doing.
@_date: 2013-02-01 12:41:56


Just to clarify, if you defend the business model of "start ACH transaction, lock price to start of transaction, wait until it finishes, if bitcoin price raises high enough cancel ACH so customer keeps their money" then you would be well served to compete directly against Coinbase and offer a -1% fee, subsidized by the regular gains you would be liable to see in a volatile, upswing-heavy economy.
Every time you buy coin for a customer, and the price rises and you selectively cancel their order you make profit: resell the coin on the market and see potentially much greater than 1% return. Every time the price drops or stays the same, you complete the transaction and give the customer their coin which you've sucked all upswing potential from, and you can even afford to offer them the 1% discount to encourage them to come back and gamble with you another time.
Basically customers who buy into a loss lose value while you hold the coins, and customers who buy into a gain get their value stolen from them. You stand in the middle benefitting from every gain you steal on the backs of those who purchased at a loss.
I do not personally find that fair and principled, at least not without first advertising it as a gambling method.
@_date: 2013-06-20 20:07:47


In the 1800's, due to improvements in production practices, a metal with matching industrial benefits to Gold (jewelry, electrical and heat conductor, good natural corrosion resistance) [lost 97% of it's value virtually overnight](
The only thing which presently prevents the same happening to Gold is it's position in our cultural pantheon as being associated with wealth and luxury. As soon as that cultural sentimentality fails, it can drop from $1300/oz to, like Aluminum, pennies per ounce. It is more rare, but other metals thousands of times more common can serve every one of it's industrial purposes as needed.
So Gold may be guaranteed pennies per ounce instead of exactly zero per ounce. Why should that calm the nerves of any single investor who might want to invest $1million usd in it? What's the difference between losing $970,000 usd and losing $1 million usd?
@_date: 2013-03-19 20:58:01


@_date: 2013-03-22 22:22:24
Somebody said something I didn't agree with one time, and I argued against the point. I even felt like it was probably a little snarky on my side, and was awaiting a flame back.
Instead I get an $8usd tip. 8I
I pressed him what sparked such generosity, and he admitted that he had temporarily forgotten that the exchange rate had grown so much lately. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-06 22:55:27
Well, you can denominate your "half" either in USD or in Bitcoin.
The real question is how to deal with escrow in a transfer currency (like Bitcoin) which fluctuates relative to the currency value you choose to denominate in (such as USD). The answer is to have the buyer submit the prescribed amount of Bitcoins to Escrow, plus a markup (50% or 100% markup should cover week and month long transactions safely) and then direct the escrow agent to release the appropriate funds to seller equaling the agreed amount of USD at time of transaction completion, and remit the "change" back to buyer.
When acceting payment plan from buyer, best strategy is to tender payments in bitcoin denominated in payment stages prescribed in USD. You agree on $100 USD total in $50 now, $50 later fashion, then buyer sends 1.25 BTC @ $40usd/btc = $50usd for first stage and then follows up with 1 BTC @ $50usd/btc = $50usd for second stage. :3
@_date: 2013-07-30 21:02:55
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news.
@_date: 2013-03-21 00:14:16
Everyone immediately says "[Localbitcoins]( or "[Bitcoinary]( at this point. Unless there is a way for people to transfer fiat person to person there's no foundation via which to support a generalized, non-face-to-face decentralized exchange. :J
@_date: 2013-03-28 19:56:19
Bitcoin is traded globally, but the centralized exchanges carry the most traffic in the current champion global currency, which happens to be USD. USD is used all over the world, even though it's a US racket.
Also, all of the nonmajor fiats, the pesos and rials and bhats and shiny shells, are normally traded locally because few banks deal with them on an international level. They are still traded, sometimes heavily, you just never see that volume at the centralized exchanges.
@_date: 2013-06-02 19:25:52


Let's see how these people feel about rising currency value: they favor it. Buy bitcoins now, have even more change than expected once object is paid for.


Let's see how these people feel about rising currency value. They favor it, prima facia.
Honestly the only people I know who prefer predictably falling currency value are Keynesians, who want everybody to lend money and get back the money plus interest, even though the money plus interest still has less purchasing power than it had when it was initially lent. 
@_date: 2013-08-19 02:58:01
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
@_date: 2013-07-24 23:43:02


In my experience, in the field, malware is on par with a burglar. Is it at least conceivable that a burglar could be a ninja that hides in your bedroom waiting to spy what combination you use to open that safe, or who waits to overcome you once you've opened the safe for them? Yes, that is technically possible.
But is it practical? Can you easily get into houses without your entrance being noticed, evade security systems without ever tripping a single alarm, maintain a location in the attic or bedroom closet and remain alert enough to know when your target vault is being opened for indeterminate periods of time without being detected? Furthermore: can you really pass up other opportunities such as grabbing the flatscreen tv, emptying the jewelry box and abusing the mail service at this address from said position in hopes that you might safely witness the safe combo before being discovered?
Most importantly for malware, beyond the burglary analogy, is that they cannot infect new systems without making at least some additional noise.
Most malware, like most burglaries are smash and grab. Every system you infect is a unique landscape and the infiltrator is a robot with limited adaptability. Each system is protected by different anti-virus tech. Operators with different sensitivities to what they'll perceive as unusual behavior. And every system promises profit from other avenues; such as sending spam or operating as a botnet node or mining bitcoins for the infiltrator, that you would necessarily have to sacrifice to remain below the radar for very long and grab encrypted wallets from a half-way alert operator. So most malware minimizes noise and detection as much as they can, but otherwise tries to maximize profit before being noticed instead of risking long periods avoiding detection prior to any payoff.
Encryption is quite helpful against the most common smash and grab types of malware. They can't smash and grab your wallet, and they do enough smashing that most operators worth any salt at all will feel their presence prior to their next wallet spend. Extra-smooth, custom malware with no other goal and perfectly executed entry and no wish to reproduce and zero command and control could keyboard-log your passwords, yes. Of course if you prepare the spend while offline, they have to know to log the loot and re-send when net becomes available. If you autofill your password from keypass, they have to know enough to account for that wrinkle. If you type your password out of order with mouse clicks to reposition the cursor, then there's another obfuscating element.
Security is basically never a game of perfection, but deterrence. And encrypting a wallet file is a significant level of deterrence compared to *ever* allowing the wallet to touch any primary storage medium as plaintext. It's not enough to make a compromised PC a particularly safe place to do any business whatsoever, but it is enough to protect your wallet from instant theft on contact and makes a malware's task orders of magnitude more challenging.
@_date: 2013-01-07 00:27:09
What kind of cash? If you're in the netherlands, do you even accept Pesos? :P
@_date: 2013-07-28 21:50:16
The English language and it's well defined punctuation, spelling and grammar is a pain in the ass. It's a nerd language and always will be. Normal people don't want to deal with all of the extra typing and they won't, as long as twitter abbreviations exist.
@_date: 2013-01-11 01:28:02
Well, if you're trying to get so many more than 7BTC that just doing 7BTC per day for a few days is not practical, then you should consider a Bank Wire to one of the many exchanges (including [MtGox]( and [Bitfloor]( that support them.
At lower volumes, say ~$100usd people don't want to wire because that's a fixed fee of $10, or $25 or something. At higher volumes like ~$1000 or more, that fixed fee becomes comparatively quite low. Heck, Bitcoin is in a bit of a rise as we speak, it's exchange rate on Gox has increased 3% since you posted your question already. x3
@_date: 2013-01-27 00:19:05
Well I'm not saying Bitcoin would be useful to banks by way of individual accounts, but by way of settling this banking or payment institution's debt differentials with another, similar institution under a different administration. Presently, they honestly transport gold back and forth when those differentials climb high enough.
This doesn't mean "banks will embrace bitcoin", it just means there is one more terrible and embarrasing inefficiency that they suffer *internally* and we don't even have to. x3
@_date: 2013-07-08 07:41:49


Okay, when I've made similar comments myself I will take this opportunity to clarify that I meant Liberty Reserve then, even though it's not impossible I may have used the term "Liberty Dollar". Until you suggested as much, I literally was not aware those were two different things. :o
I suppose it's possible (but if so, I'd still agree "disappointing") that ripplescam has made the same mistake. :&gt;
@_date: 2013-08-01 21:59:39
Then you know what I think would help 'round here would be some photos. Are they close enough by to you to grab some? :3
@_date: 2013-01-24 01:25:48
It's good that customers can use this service without having to log in, for example they can put any zip code they like and if they are paranoid they can put a misleading zipcode. For edits, I'm happy with Google API tho. :3
@_date: 2013-03-14 12:13:14
The only surefire way to loosen pursestrings is to value a customers money at least as much as they do.
If you start by accepting Bitcoins, perhaps using a payment processor like Bitpay to absolve you of all potential concerns over the fluctuating price as you receive a payment, then you'll be at the first step. People who have Bitcoins, need your products and can pay for them more conveniently in coin than in fiat may buy them with bitcoins. People who are also spooked or who short Bitcoin may buy your product as part of their divestment. But as you've identified that customers are doing a lot of hoarding, you're not going to see an impressive volume of sales this way.
So I ask, are you short on Bitcoin or long? Do you see Bitcoin as a powerful payment system and form of wealth, do you value being able to transact with anyone in the world free from interference, to store wealth behind a cryptographic key and trade the sphere of physical security for informational security? For third parties to build new applications on a level playing field instead of allowing innovation to die against the shores of big bank bureaucracy? Do you believe this speaks powerfully enough to the future shape of commerce that the market cap will continue to rise on average? This is Bitcoin's long position.
Or, do you not understand the system well, or have doubts as to it's future and performance, and feel as though wealth in a bank will give you better returns than wealth in this honestly experimental new currency? If you got a bunch of Bitcoin in payment for your services, would you convert that as expediently as you practically could back into fiat? This is the short position.
A merchant who is short on Bitcoin — no matter how drastically short — is well served by the recommendation at the top of this comment. Bitpay shields you 100% from fluctuations in bitcoin value by pricing items dynamically, guaranteeing an exchange rate at checkout for 15 minutes and eating any fluctuation on your behalf, and at your discretion immediately converting revenue into fiat which is then ACH batched to your bank account daily. You are proof from buyer fraud, chargebacks, or Paypal's famous frozen account balances. Even if you think the coin value might drop to zero tomorrow, via Bitpay the people who don't think that will work together to pay you in fiat for their coins. But you'll never guarantee more than scarce volume through this method alone.
Merchants who are long on Bitcoin have an incentive to drive volume by offering significant discounts on payments denominated in Bitcoin. Anyone long on Bitcoin simply believes that the fiat exchange rate is artificially low, as it reflects the opinions of the shorters. Thus they value their coin more highly than that and never permanently sell, and thus also aren't going to spend coin at such a low exchange rate. They'll be more willing to spend coin at merchants who share their bullish sentiment and trade goods at a higher BTC/usd pricepoint.
Long merchants can make up the difference of their discount by accepting Bitcoin in payment and then holding onto the Bitcoin for long enough that the fiat exchange rate exceeds the discount they offered. For example, if the MtGox rate is $50/btc today, and you sell widgets for $60usd but discount the Bitcoin rate (compared to the mtgox price) to 1.0BTC, then hold onto that Bitcoin (just as your customer otherwise would have) for long enough that the MtGox rate exceeds $60/btc, then sell off enough of the Bitcoin to pay the suppliers and realize deflationary profits instead of inflationary.
Basically, long merchants driving volume this way are leveraging their customer's position. Borrowing bitcoin from them to short the USD. It is unquestionably a risk, but it is best couched as a superior method for merchants to obtain bitcoin they already wish to receive versus buying them directly at an exchange. Another consideration is: what is the risk your competitors will adopt such a strategy and derive advantage from doing so before you do?
However you choose to proceed, good luck to you sir and thank you for stopping by to hear our peace. :3
@_date: 2013-02-28 00:27:54
Well, basically holding other people's money in volume makes you a bank.
You paint a target on your back for theft, and the more you hold the more attackers will be willing to spend to try to separate you from the holdings you shepherd. You are responsible for discharging your investments accurately, so you must also have a means to securely verify your customers' identity to protect their holdings from imposters. You must even have methods to protect yourself from fraud perpetrated *by* your customers, against you or against third parties.
So: risky? Yes. Impossible? nah. :D Lucrative? Quite probably, for those properly girded. Something I want to do? Hecks no! I'll focus on securing my own personal wealth tyvm, which only represents a subset of the above challenges when you're doing so without relying directly on third parties. :3
@_date: 2013-01-05 23:00:08
Well then, just get every miner to voluntarily agree to perform no more than one (1) hash per second per human participant. Then you'll be guaranteed that every new miner gets a fair slice of the pie. But, they will be taking that slice away from everyone else who is already playing in exchange for providing absolutely zero actual service. Congratulations! :D
Of course, if you could get everyone to agree to such regulation to begin with, then the entire lottery system would be unneeded. Just make everyone keep a simple copy of the ledger, and make everyone agree to award coins evenly to all participating humans until the desired money supply is reached.
But if you can trust *everybody* this easily, then by definition you can trust *anybody* this easily, just go back to regular centralized ledgers for simplicity and forget fraud or corruption, since everyone is so honest that crime is suddenly impossible.
While you're at it, could you loan me like 10btc? Like, bit tip it to me or something. I'm just curious if you trust people as implicitly as you claim, or if you're actually just whining because the capitalists are converting effort into profit and you're just too lazy to compete for your share in a free market. ;3
@_date: 2013-01-15 00:19:43
The [original article]( in the UK Guardian is more informative as to what is going on (and the font doesn't make my eyes melt and the resulting pools of melted eye begin to bleed) but doesn't mention "Bitcoin" somewhere in passing. :P
@_date: 2013-02-05 23:58:25
[Why most food trucks I know do NOT accept credit cards]( Hint: it's not for lack of a swipe device they can attach to a smartphone.
@_date: 2013-03-27 02:26:16
By default, the Bitcoin-QT wallet empties the transaction input on that address with every transaction, sending the intended money to you and emptying the rest out into a sparkly new address which you do not know the public key for. And while it's possible to have multiple transaction inputs on the same address, that's a matter of the address owner breaking their address re-use discipline from the get-go...
Onlookers *have* to be able to confirm the pedigree of the money up to that transaction, and as a result they unavoidably know that the two outputs come from the same input. They don't necessarily know which is change and which is genuine, and when transactions are larger than the inputs you have available you sweep those addresses so in the "single output address" case observers still can't tell if you're sweeping an address into an account you control or into another purchase or deposit.
It's still opaque to me what interpretation of what you are suggesting would offer protection beyond that. :3
@_date: 2013-02-25 22:39:55
I'm not confident of this given that BerkleyDB was so inefficient that indexing it was basically slower than a dialup network.
@_date: 2013-04-09 00:54:51
I disagree. Cosbycoin offers many greater features as a delta to the Bitcoin codebase than LTC does. All the liquidity you're after, all of the complimentary effects to BTC, why waste them on LTC when you can still mine a thousand Cosbycoins per second on your pocket calculator, and take that wealth to the bank? :3
@_date: 2013-06-11 19:51:45
What does "desolate" mean in this context? Do you guys really mean "disappoint"?
Desolate, as a noun, means that a place is very empty and lonely. Like a dessert or an empty room. Looking at or being in the place makes one feel some measure of despair. As a verb, to "desolate" a place might mean to make the place more desolate.. however it's a bit unwieldy to use the word that way.
To use that verb on a person? I don't know .. it might mean you are making them infertile?
@_date: 2013-07-16 19:36:14


Another way to look at things is that it is a currency which does not bake "buyer protection" into it's foundations as the USD is presently trying to do.
@_date: 2013-09-11 02:22:38
Already posted:
@_date: 2013-01-29 00:49:38
Yis, I hate it when people can't spell their worths properly. ;3
But furreals, yea, magazine covers merit more copy checking than reddit remarx. :B
@_date: 2013-01-19 23:47:22
Some issues I see (I haven't yet gotten to the comments lmf says correct this, but..)


What that means is that they *may* be a fine choice for committing crimes with. I don't know, after all I have no criminal experience. But to make a positive statement like "they ARE frequently used to commit crimes" flies in the face of all evidence I know, and really demands a citation. Law ≠ morality, and this phrase to me suggests that the currency is morally dangerous due to rampant lawbreaking author isn't even prepared to substantiate.
It's possible that's not what author intended to convey, but burden of disambiguation always lies on the author.


I will agree that things were heady in July 2011, especially when the exchange rate grew above the rate we have today for a grand total of 2 weeks, and that when that bubble burst it was a shock that lead many at the time to think Bitcoin was over.
But this article was posted today — and quotes a round 2 years when it's really only been 18 months, so we've ample evidence the tyrade is not a dated one — so is author seriously trying to infer that we had broader merchant adoption in 2011 than we do today? In what alternate universe?


Patently false. It is fair to say that we are bound by the rules Nakamoto set in the genesis block, so you could say "it is run by his wishes, circa 2009, vetted and endorsed by everyone who volunteers to participate" but that is not what "run by" means. Authors who pen laws and then cannot change them no longer have power over the system they may have started. Power is about expressing your wishes as they come, and if Nakamoto today decides he regrets even the smallest thing about bitcoin he lacks any unusual power to alter it.
Bitcoin is "run by" the network of people who continually and unanimously execute the program Nakamoto coded. The program which has been altered subtly a dozen times since then with unanimous approval.


This is a common deconstructionist fallacy. It is easy to sap anything of meaning by moving the goalpost on what it means to mean something. "Life is meaningless, oh woe is me!" For example, neither Bitcoin nor USD are backed by gold. So, what does Gold "represent", eh? None of these currencies are edible, after all.
All of them represent ownership over an easily transacted commodity of limited supply. The commodities in question are scarce, divisible, fungible, difficult to counterfeit, easy to authenticate, easy to transact and have durable minimum demand floors (gold: jewelry and electronics, USD: tax fees to US gvmt, Bitcoin: txn fees to Miners to cover hardware and electricity costs). That is all money has to represent, and all it has ever had to (and did!) represent throughout recorded history.
I'm not going to argue against author's sentiments, nor do I share them, your opinion can be whatever you'd like. But for Turing's sake get the facts straight. &gt;:S
@_date: 2013-04-12 20:22:38
The one I am accustomed to hearing about is judge.me, but I've never used them and thus cannot endorse them directly. Just worth researching further, I suppose. :3
@_date: 2013-03-12 20:18:49
Alright, here's what's happened.
There was a time period during which, amidst a hard fork, there was an  infinitesimally larger chance that a bad actor could offer to send you bitcoins, but then double spend them (by taking advantage of your software checking confirmations against the losing fork) or for your confirmations themselves to take longer than usual.
The devs, by way of being conservative, recommended that people not go slinging money around or accepting unknown offers during this time period of marginally decreased security and convenience.
I am sorry that such a public service announcement has upset you so. 
To me, it is part of everyday life that circumstances will change and people will recommend to me to be cautious: "drive carefully, it's slippery out there" .. "don't stay out too late, there've been muggings over the past month" .. "turn off your electronics when you go to bed tonight, there is supposed to be a thunderstorm". I personally don't take said opportunities to look for somebody to dress down over a segment of reality inviting cautious interaction.
@_date: 2013-07-11 18:11:09
You need a + in the front of that command for it to work. :3
@_date: 2013-08-24 01:19:54
Here, stand back while I try my best impersonation. *clears throat*
Yuor a poopydookieface.
@_date: 2013-02-14 07:34:20
Do you mean import your bitcoin client (probably bitcoinQT) private key into blockchain.info's wallet?
First you copy the private key, [following these steps](
Then you  import into Blockchain.info's wallet by opening your wallet in a web browser, clicking "Import/Export", say "I understand" to the advanced warning (pro tip: do your best to understand :P) paste private key into "Import Private Key" field, press the add button and that address is now spendable from either your blockchain.info wallet or your bitcoinQT wallet.
WARNING: Do not do this if you have any malware on your computer. Clear your clipboard after doing this. Anyone who sees that private key can empty all funds sent to that address. This technique means your private key is held in two places, thus is vulnerable to either wallet being comprimised.
Good luck. :3
@_date: 2013-01-14 22:42:33
Reminds me of [Royburtito's]( 6 minute long :60 second spot.
Linked to relevant part, but you'll prolly want to watch the whole mildly nsfw thing. x3
@_date: 2013-03-11 16:49:08
comboy is just saying that bitcoin is outperforming gold. who is outperforming who and why is normally the primary concern of any speculative investor.
@_date: 2013-01-07 20:57:24
I don't think it would, no. An 51% attack would muscle out existing mining operations by cutting into their profits against the nation-state attacker's leading loss. We're all mining to earn our share of 3,600BTC per day (at $13.50BTC/usd that's just under $50kusd/day) plus transaction fees, so our expenses are naturally going to be lower than that.
A nation state won't match our situational efficiency, they'll have to invest in hardware and will have to pay more than many of our miners do in power (they'll get less than average, but due to geographic constraints probably not rock bottom energy) and invest in the manpower to maintain the attack system. So let's say they're sinking double the investment in, at $100kusd/day. That entitles them to about $25kusd of our profits, which they decide to throw out instead of trying to reclaim (because they can't reclaim it while damaging the network :P) and our miners revenue suddenly gets sliced in half, before the attacks even begin.
We wouldn't have any revenue sources to drive the incumbent most powerful distributed computing network in history any higher at that point, unless those who hold large sums of bitcoin and have something to lose could sacrifice tons of wealth held in other forms to rapidly mobilize a response to outcompete the nationstate; which I see as a painfully losing battle to try to wage at that time. :/
Much safer to whatever we can to make the network so strong today that attackers think twice before even starting to try to invest against it. :3
@_date: 2013-04-04 23:32:13
I think [he did]( 
I'm'd personally don't mind if you're shadowbanned either, I just wanted to let you know about it since I'd noticed it and often people don't even realize. I recommend [messaging the admins]( if you can, ask them what's up and if it can be fixed. :3
@_date: 2013-01-17 22:51:26
Agreed, for the benefit of future generations [here's le screenshot](
@_date: 2013-04-12 01:23:19
When you pay in person, the merchant physically sees that you have the credit card, physically swipes it and gets you to sign the receipt which has the legal force of a contract. It's pretty hard to weasel back out of a transaction like that.
When you're buying phyiscal goods online, they have to ship the goods which means you have to be at that address. Buyer fraud can be traced to the address where the goods get picked up. Digital goods are normally as easily charged back as the credit card is, so buy a WoW account and WoW just cancels your account when you chargeback.
Bitcoin, however, is both digital and impossible to charge back. No address where attacker has to pick up physical goods, no signed receipt in a physical transaction. The risk of chargeback fraud is both unacceptably high and exclusively borne by the merchant. All a fraudulent client has to do is claim somebody stole their credit card.
@_date: 2013-02-01 11:34:02
So .. why cheaper, are you operating at a loss or do you have a clever way to get a wholesale discount? :O
@_date: 2013-04-04 18:17:40
Because there are few teachers as effective as experience? (I'm not GP, that's just how I arrived at the same conclusion)
@_date: 2013-04-10 01:11:33
No, the wallet file should continue working after the first time you access it. I don't know what problem you ran into when you tried, but that's not normal. It's not like a "single use password" or anything strange like that.
A wallet file is just a list of ECSDA private keys, one for each of your addresses. Those private keys are the ultimate authority over your balance for each address. Your job is to keep them secret, so that nobody else can learn them or use them.
They remain valuable so long as their addresses have a balance (or can be expected to receive a balance in the future, like when you post a donation address on a website and people could pay money at it tomorrow). The only way to make the private keys irrelevant would be to empty the money from that address into a new address, which people call "sweeping" the wallet. And making sure nobody keeps pushing new funds at the old addresses, of course. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-21 21:51:03
Would that setting also bring all your posts up in modqueue with strikethrough and request approval for them? :P
@_date: 2013-05-12 01:43:57
Errr... resisting the temptation to remove this posting. It's about the spammiest PR fail I've ever seen. Why link there instead of directly to 
@_date: 2013-02-01 19:56:11
Note: I have not had any problems with Coinbase (yet) either..
But Fjordo, it sounds as though you are saying that selectively canceling orders during an upswing is good business so long as the customer keeps their fiat.
So I ask you, if Basecoin took on a similar business model to Coinbase, including 1 week ACH transfers, except:
1. It is 100% clear that the ACH transfers cannot be charged back by the customer, but Fraud is still a potential due to customer-side identity theft.
2. they explicitly state that part of their service is that they *will* cancel any order which appreciates more than 0.5%, leaving the customer to their fiat. This is a completely transparent Basecoin policy.
3. Basecoin still utilizes a fraud system similar to coinbase, and will additionally cancel any orders which trigger it. Failing that, orders with zero price gains or any price losses will be honored in BTC.
But just for fun, Basecoin competes directly against Coinbase by lowering the fees on successful transfers to *negative* 1%. That is, instead of taking a commission they offer a 1% discount!
If they stay in business and stick to these rules indefinitely, would you see them as potentially providing a better service than Coinbase? Specifically given that the fees are lower?
I want to know because, as long as enough people agree with you there are endless truckloads of profit to be had in seperating you from your money until you begin to cotton onto how this mechanism of shorting against the customer works.
@_date: 2013-02-20 15:03:55
Bitcoin is not predicated on the concept that zero people will ever learn your identity while you use it. It is predicated on the idea that nobody can stop you from efficiently expending effort to obscure your identity, should you chose.
For example, you can tumble coins. If you want all of your finances to remain private, then you tumble coins before buying the car or home. Now all that somebody can prove is that you pulled Bitcoins from out of "the cloud" and purchased the asset.
If you don't care about keeping your financials private then you just buy the asset out of your Bitcoin balance that was topped off by purchasing fiat from your bank, or from being paid by your employer, or from selling off goods at a yard sale.. whatever. Assuming anyone cares and that they subpoena your bank or employer etc to trace exactly where your assets came from, then they see that you are a monumentally boring person.
@_date: 2013-02-07 00:30:05
TBF, I cannot blame eBay for hating when clueless users blame them for when they get bitten by their freedom. 
Advertising that you accept Bitcoin is fine for other veteran coiners. But once a bad-actor seller starts advertising that, with no escrow and the seller "educating" the buyer on how to send them the funds.... That's when eBay steps in and starts actively looking for listings which mention "Bitcoin" to squash. *shrugs*
@_date: 2013-08-15 20:43:09
"appetite" sounds like an autocorrect bug here; but I cannot guess what the intended word was. Apart? Better? Superior? x3
@_date: 2013-03-13 22:03:51


I am a fan of due process, it is the United States Government which is not. Decentralize due process for me and you'll start to get my attention.
Would Zerocoin be accessible from outside of the US? What access to non-US activity would said backdoor offer? What if the Chinese government also wants access to defeat the entire point of an anonymity system?
Privacy does not exist to protect the corrupt from the just, but to protect the just from the corrupt. If one could implicitly trust one's government or Law Enforcement to be beyond corruption, then we would still be a British Colony today, would we not?
My position is that "Money Laundering" is a made up and unjust classification of crime. It basically amounts to "the crime of moving wealth in any manner that we cannot easily spy on". Just because Law Enforcement cannot figure out any more direct ways to investigate crimes than by spying on financial transactions or putting CCTV cameras in everyone's bathrooms does not mean that none exist.
@_date: 2013-04-28 11:21:06
A&gt; yep, turns out it can be tracked and [I've replied directly to ferroh]( with all the nitty gritty details on that in case your curious.
B&gt; Aside from investigating one tip at a time, yeah I'd be pretty interested to get a breakdown like that across the whole dataset! [I've posted a refinement upon your inquiry here]( so let's see if shares our curiousity. :D
@_date: 2013-03-02 00:50:58
I've recently found and bookmarked [this le gem]( :D
@_date: 2013-02-09 01:38:18
check the side links for documentation and such. :3
@_date: 2013-04-07 22:44:11
When network effects are involved, second place is very much first loser. :3
@_date: 2013-06-26 00:21:36
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
@_date: 2013-02-17 04:53:28
I'm not sure what the purpose of the calculation is, but it's worth noting that blocks get generated, over a very long average, closer to once every 9 minutes 47 seconds. The variance comes from new technology and adoption suddenly increasing the hashrate (compressing the time to a difficulty adjustment) more frequently than any forces suddenly drop the hashrate (which would drag out the time to the next difficulty adjustment). This is why the first block reward halving occurred nearly a full month early of 4 years.
That inflates the naive calculation from 1314000 to ~1343492 BTC per year at 25BTC per block. However that also may be an understatement given the disruptive introduction of ASIC's coming this year. ;3
@_date: 2013-04-07 23:01:46
I invested in Bitcoin because I knew what the fundamentals were. It would succeed, or it would fail in a way transparent enough that I could learn exactly what flaws sabotaged it.
Never did I leave a significant portion of my wealth to the capriciousness of a for-profit casino, and it must be a sad perspective to honestly not be able to tell the difference between a bold investment and blind odds.
@_date: 2013-06-30 01:09:12
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
The story is nothing but drama hungry trolls scamming alt coins, and the story itself does nothing but feed them more drama. We don't need it.
@_date: 2013-06-19 10:04:10


But they can only take advantage of said benefit by holding balances for long enough to liquidate, which risks value loss far oughtweighing any potential savings in fees.
I am certain IRS is much happier forcing tax payer to convert, pay conversion fees, and arrive at necessary number of USD to satisfy tax obligation while carrying all risk of value loss until the payment is in the form the IRS prefers.
I don't think you'd get the same kind of deals the IRS may offer dealers of foreign currency until Bitcoin gets heavily used by big enough whales (like foreign governments, multinational corporations, etc) that IRS has to offer concessions for their convenience. And by that time, converting said funds back into USD would no longer be necessary even for the IRS. :P
@_date: 2013-01-01 00:55:02
Nope. I am saying:
A&gt; Secondlife is free to sign up for. In your journey, going that route with VirWoX would mainly represent a slightly annoying wrinkle. For me it was a fine fit since I've been an SL merchant long before I got started in Bitcoin. ;3
B&gt; Coinbase is the other option I mentioned, it's just as instant and lazy as VirWoX, also cheaper, though depending on your bank it may take up to 3 days to get your account linked the very first time.
C&gt; 0.17BTC? Really? I tip bigger than that for good reddit comments. :P
How about my paypal addie is jesset you fire me off $2.30usd and pm or reply with your bitcoin.info receiving address (it looks like 1yadayada..) and I'll send you 0.17btc.
(Normally folk don't like accepting Paypal for BTC because chargebacks are more common, but at this small denomination I'll take the risk xD)
@_date: 2013-05-16 13:46:34
April 11, hunh? :/
@_date: 2013-03-07 09:04:01
How does being an average consumer make pointing your phone at the monitor any harder than filling out 12 text fields with 3 bitcoin-addresses-worth of arduous text? Are you suggesting the average consumer lacks a camera phone?
@_date: 2013-01-29 02:30:54
So, just to clarify, do you suspect that DPI can detect Bitcoin traffic *inside* of a Tor circuit, and preferentially block only the bitcoin traffic?
Or do you mean the USA will first adopt the entire great firewall of China, and *then* block all traffic not in their new ratified list of types of traffic, including tor and all unratified VPNS, and with it all capacity to communicate bitcoin traffic?
@_date: 2013-02-16 01:10:50
PhoneBook, that was the eReader that was most popular before Aldiko came along, right? :3
@_date: 2013-02-06 20:37:29
Paypal is evil and commonly holds users' funds hostage for no good reason. *Sometimes* they attempt to justify their actions by claiming that you've violated their vague ToS, but they always hold your balance so they're always holding the cards.
In what way is OP trying to hold Paypal accountable for anything, other than sharing his experience and championing Bitcoin whereby you can send and receive money instantly online without being required to maintain a balance with a hostile third party?
Paypal is already holding him accountable by seizing his assets, which is their answer to the tiniest perceived infraction. What Paypal client has the power to treat them in any punitive manner when they choose to break a contract?
@_date: 2013-03-20 18:08:14


On the other hand, I think we can all agree there is nothing rational about Yahtzee justice to begin with. The very term "Rational" presupposes what gain a decision can net you when *everybody* of consequence is playing by the rules. 
Thus, assuming the givens in your report (eg, the hopelessness of court trials to all but megacorporations) the winning Bitcoin businesses will be those who can distance themselves from whatever legal systems prove themselves to be corrupt. The Kim Dotcoms, the Pirate Bays, the Silk Roads. 
There may also be obstinate individuals who add a term valuing the precedent set by the court trial +R, who value the added risk of court trial if that means that case law relating to Bitcoin has positive side effects, such as increasing the value of Bitcoin they hold (which obviously cannot be seized) or further enrich unrelated bitcoin enterprises they profit from.
@_date: 2013-09-01 03:00:34
Alright, first image is the blockchain transaction, plenty of confs so no trouble there. Second image is the confirmation from BTC-e that you meant to withdraw the money from them to the 1E9 address. But what I'm asking you to confirm is that the 1E9 address exactly matches your coinbase deposit address.
When you're on the coinbase website, and you make it display the addresses to which you are allowed to deposit, the 1E9 should show in there somewhere. Exactly right down to the last character. :3
@_date: 2013-05-21 22:37:45
I wasn't replying to you though, I was replying to avatarr. I was only clarifying that the reason *he* states is insufficient to discriminate an arbitrary commodity from a pump and dump scam. Bitcoin has an infinitude of more reasons it is valuable, and it deserves to have those highlighted. :3
@_date: 2013-06-04 20:38:24
And 353 subscribers.
I think you run out of things to talk about when you simply say "Let's talk about Bitcoin, but try not to talk about why anyone would ever need it!" ;3
@_date: 2013-01-11 03:00:50


I for one have no concerns regarding this. IANAL, but they cannot make novel considerations retroactively illegal. If it's not illegal at the time you do a thing, then it is legal full stop until the law catches up.
Even when it does, I expect the Bitme's of the world to both a&gt; know about it first, and unlink from my account for their own safety so I couldn't transact if I wanted to and b&gt; get hassled by the law about it before any small fry customers do.
@_date: 2013-03-31 19:44:51
Yip, that's the one :3
+tip 11mbtc
@_date: 2013-02-06 21:02:55
You and me both, brudder.
I am curious about starting an escrow service, and/or building a halfway cooked gui or merchant integration option to allow shops/markets to offer their own escrow. EG, markets like Bitmit, bitcoinary and localbitcoins all offer escrow but buyers must *yield* their funds 100% to the marketplace provider, meaning the same could either embezzle the funds or be hacked. With Escrow, marketplace provider still gets to offer arbitration services to disputed transactions but without ever having the capacity to truly steal the money, and without being on the hook should they get hacked save if the hacker then goes on to collude with buyer or seller separately.
bitcoind's interface is supposed to work great, I just haven't been able to scrape together the free time to test this all, yit. :B
@_date: 2013-04-26 12:44:25
No referral links in submissions. is about bitcoin-related news, not a place for people to spam affiliate links. 
@_date: 2013-03-06 03:06:36
I don't know about you, but we pay taxes in Bitcoin. Every transaction, that fee you pay with it is a beautiful, voluntary tax and it can *only* be denominated in Bitcoin.
That crushing involuntary 12% supply inflation we Bitcoiners suffer? That's wealth redistribution from all holders of coin to the very same miners to help subsidize the service as transaction volumes mature.
We pay our tithe and enjoy the financial services and security that that buys us. State citizens pay another tithe to their geographic landlords. I fail to see your point.
@_date: 2013-01-06 21:53:19
I am a fan of the giftcodes4btc concept. Gift codes are much faster to transact in, and normally no ToS to really encumber you, than mucking about in banks/paypal/fiat.
The remaining challenges to acceptance of this direction is the overhead (for example, your fees added to the payment/credit card processor you proxy for) and the inconvenient extra steps of buying a code and then using that.
Were I in your shoes (and I'm not because it's an industry I'd be no good at executing ;3) I would do anything I could to market myself to the entities I am trying to ply gift codes for, sell them on Bitcoin outright if that's possible, or else get them to more covertly allow me to operate as a reseller. Get them their fiat in a way that skips as many processors as we can, integrate the actual shopping experience in whatever ways allow us to minimize inconvenience for the shoppers and hopefully snag a moderate percentage discount to help me bury my overhead and keep those Bitcoin prices at least a little more competitive against Fiat than being a total outsider. ;3
@_date: 2013-02-05 02:10:44
And I'll make the rebuttal simple to you: make *what* illegal for stores, and how?
To give an example, government gets a hair up it's butt and decides it wants to make Pokemon illegal. First you've got to define Pokemon. Is it a card game? A video game? A kids cartoon? A Meme? If you try to outlaw stores buying or selling pokemon merchandise, does that put Digimon out of business too? Magic the gathering? Other kids shows like Naruto? How wide or narrow of a net are you casting, and how do you know you're casting wide enough to get what you're really after? Pokemon fans shrug for half an instant and start dealing in pockymon next leaving you with control freak egg all over your face.
Government outlaws bitcoin. Government prosecutes Widgets corp, saying "we just made Bitcoin illegal and you're still trading in it". Widgets corp says "No I'm not". What is the next possible step in this drama? How do you define Bitcoin and how do you prove that a company is breaking the law by participating in it? Target the brand? We shrug and rename it "Blipcoin" and move on. Target people interacting with the ledger? We alter the source code slightly and move on. At some point you've got no recourse save "Target anyone we feel like" and the governmet just starts arresting every business who's name starts with a "B".
@_date: 2013-01-15 00:14:49
If I were in greece and could purchase electricity in TEM and mine bitcoins with that, then I would sell the mined bitcoins for TEM just long enough to pay that electic bill, sure. Especially if doing so offers me any advantages over running that intermediate stage in Drachma or EUR or USD in that particular area. :P
Aside from that, unless I could get more BTC or basic needs like food/water/shelter etc with the TEM, then no I wouldn't trade the BTC for it, and I certainly wouldn't hold any large balances of it.
@_date: 2013-06-13 19:11:14
You've already promoted your service [a few days ago]( Unless there is some new and fundamental change to your service offerings (in contrast to simple sales or promotional offers) it does not need to be re-promoted here.
Thank you!
@_date: 2013-06-03 14:21:35
Please observe our community rules from the sidebar:
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
And incidentally, "People are paying money for it" is a terrible defense to the claim "it's a scam". If people did not pay money for scams nobody would attempt them.
@_date: 2013-04-30 20:21:36


I'm more worried if you can trust the currency at that point. How hard is it to 51% attack or to pump and dump an alt chain Billy Bob made five seconds ago? :P
@_date: 2013-01-20 09:37:35


Well, to be fair it's pretty simple to delete all backups to a wallet file, and this kills all the bitcoins in that balance once all private keys have been irretrievably lost. Also, spend to a valid address without generating address from matching private key, that's throwing money down a sink right there. Nobody's ever going to be able to reclaim it.
I think that's beside the point, though. I hear words thrown about by people often, such as "tangible" and "corporeal" and "physical". I believe that Bitcoin is every bit as important of a monetary commodity as Euros or Dollars or Gold, but I don't believe that squabbling over these adjectives will help demonstrate that point.
Every currency today which has a physical representation also has one or more digital representations, and for national fiat it is the digital representation which is the root; bank notes and coins are nothing more than bearer's certificates to the "real money" which happens to be represented by digital bank balances. For precious metals and other commodities, people trade digital certificates of ownership which they expect are backed by the metal (lol 
All of these digital forms hinge upon trust that a third party entity will administratively decide to allow you to transact that digital form. To move your bank balance for example, you have to convince your bank to comply. Often with fees, often contingent upon AML/KYC regulations and limited to approved locations and purposes (for example, you can't send a bank wire into Iran and for a long time at least you could not direct one at Wikileaks). Bitcoin is the first digital money to give total control over transaction to it's end-users, with no administrative interference even *possible* in the middle, which is pretty awesome.
But, what James Turk might be complaining about is that Bitcoin has no *purely* physical, offline representation. When you cannot connect to the internet, there exists no physical analog of a Bitcoin which you can trade with another person and authenticate it's value. Casascius is probably 75% of the way there given his "minting" process which puts a starting balance on a hologram protecting the private key, but Casascius at minimum had to have had access to that private key so anyone trading that coin physically in good faith that it has all of it's advertised value is trusting Casascius implicitly, and I think most coiners would prefer some clever cryptographic jiggery pokery to remove even that single point of failure. :3 
@_date: 2013-08-30 23:26:59
On zero-conf double spend attacks: what is the customer going to do, pull out his laptop in the middle of the meal to make sure that rogue bitcoin nodes are the only ones connecting to the restaraunt's merchant processors (probably bitpay or coinbase), feed the rogue transaction with zero miner's fee, and then rapidly and secretly push out the second transaction with fat miners fee spending coins back to self and hope to god that:
1. Bitpay or Coinbase do not notice the doublespend and flag the transaction
2. A miner who hasn't altered the default miner source code accepts the first transaction to hit the network, blesses it with no fees and ruins the fraud attempt?
Who in their right mind would do that when they could instead pay by credit card, go home, get drunk and forget what their plan was, figure it out a month later and call the bank saying "derp, somebody stoled mah card"?


No, it takes at least a minute to swipe a card, get authorization, and print a receipt. One server swiping cards is serial, so 10 people x 1 minute per = 10 minutes.
Since Bitcoin is operator driven, you don't have to wait for the one person to come and collect your money. Everyone gets out their devices at the same time and 10 or even 100 people might be done in 3-5 minutes.
But some people would probably still pay by card, and they would queue up waiting for the server to handle them while everybody else chews mints or leaves early.
@_date: 2013-04-11 23:50:52
So what happens if Gox just opens and lets everyone sort out their standing buy/sell orders? Why would that be a problem?
I can see there would be some "disruption" as the price rapidly corrects, in this case all the bid orders between 120 and 60 might start to get eaten and torn down quickly. But why would that be a dealbreaker?
@_date: 2013-11-08 23:50:07
Yeah, I just posted a very similar thing in another thread lol.
I think the best thing to do is to encourage *wholesalers* to work in BTC instead of retail merchants. Once your widget shop can pay for parts or whatever expenses in BTC then it encourages them to accept it at the retail level, and of course wholesalers buy and sell to one another on the back-end.
@_date: 2013-08-16 19:18:25
My instincts basically match yours. And it sucks, because I reeeeeally both want to have one of and want to support [Trezor]( T\^T
@_date: 2013-03-11 14:38:09
/me bookmarks the quote "better ROI from a gun" as a superior descriptor of side channel vulnerability than ["$5 wrench"]( ;3
@_date: 2013-07-11 22:02:54
Well, I did comment on 's [thread]( last week. :3  commented there as well and got called out on the one-shot accounts. While there's no proof those are his, any other explanation is quite unlikely.
The front I have taken thus far with ccn is that submissions which directly break the rules (including obvious plagiarism which we enforce while not having a strict rule for) get individually marked as spam. and in particular have been quite helpful at reporting and disambiguating rulebreaking posts.
I view banning an entire domain as a big step for a number of reasons. Not least of which is sparking an arms race of throwaway domains and url shortners, not dissimilar from the battle we are already waging against the mtgix/bitswing/emocoe operators. But if our community feels the effort of calling out the individual submissions as we have done is too great, then you'll have my vote.
We do already have a bot mod that is cousins with Automoderator. runs it so ultimately he's the chap you'd need to sell on the idea of opening up the domain-banning can o worms. :3
@_date: 2013-02-02 16:20:38
I never used the word "Open source" in the last comment, why are you trying to shove words into my mouth?
You said: "lots of software doesn't need to be customized and hacked all the time". All I did was clarify that no such turn-key software exists in the topic we are discussing: creating a gambling website. 
But if you're going to go on pretending you don't know how to read just to mine lulz, I've got better things to do. 
@_date: 2013-04-04 05:34:49
I did, it worked. From [the homepage]( Lemme try again.
Yep, workt that time too.
@_date: 2013-06-12 23:51:51
Reddit admins still count this pattern as vote manipulation, and will ban/shadowban on sight over it.
@_date: 2013-01-04 21:48:49
Really? I've never considered that shorter block lengths could improve a specific miner's raw hash rate. I've also never seen data directly suggesting this.
Could somebody weigh in? I mean conceptually it would make sense to me that the speed of hashing a block is O(n) of block length, but the industry seems to treat it as O(1) and I don't know what sorts of GPU/FPGA/ASIC optimizations might take the slack off of the block length.
@_date: 2013-04-16 22:26:59
You got a citation on that term of art "quoting"? [Wikipedia]( is less than helpful, there.
My point is that that's not the activity I see actually happening on Bitfloor, but game theory would dictate that it would happen. Thus my understanding must be incomplete in some sense.
@_date: 2013-03-27 01:30:29
All that thing will be good for is Litecoin or playing Halo 3 once the ASICs come out. x3
@_date: 2013-03-14 16:18:14
I would agree that Bitcoin unit value or market cap size will level off and stop approximating exponential at some point, but I'm not entirely certain about transaction volume. Moore's law is exponential (or semi-exponential if you support the modified variant with constant-decay) as is IP address usage so I would not be surprised if Bitcoin address usage, thus blockchain size were to carry an exponential curve for the foreseeable future as well.
Look at it this way: if every transaction reliably gets it's own address, and not every amount is spent off of those addresses (remainders getting stashed as change in yet another new address) and people do not frequently "sweep" their wallets and either face the anonymity hit or tumble coins in the same step, then you're looking at lots and lots of lose change assigned to zero-cost-to-create addresses. :o
@_date: 2013-09-06 21:46:10
Alright, somebody had recently told me that bitcoin-qt wallet.dat encryption used AES with no key stretching. I've just checked to confirm if that's true, and [nope]( they do use stretching. 
+bitcointip 1 internets
@_date: 2013-04-27 06:45:43
While I don't know of any standard format, I would expect the following format to be obvious enough for people to embrace by hand:
    == BEGIN PLAINTEXT MESSAGE ==
    Test message, demonstrating to how to format
    a bitcoin signed address.
    == END PLAINTEXT MESSAGE ==
    Signed with Bitcoin address 1EkRbE33yCDAiT2AeH97sxVofKDVsZN5fc:
    HCKxUPNFcg7eLMhdR7JAax16zG8ZSmzLDU+1c3i2pSEcrFE6LgZl0fpYmidqxFrKBtTAcitlu3r9X8D3JASl8uo=
You can test it by verifying this example message, it ought to come up genuine. :3
@_date: 2013-06-08 00:41:26
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news.
We need our submissions to remain bitcoin-focused. If you feel there is a way that the recent inundation of frankly very frighting US-privacy-policy and PRISM related revelations directly relates to Bitcoin, or some ways that Bitcoin could be used to give citizens a leg up, then by all means write up a blog article of your own citing articles like this as sources, and submit that.
That way, you'll be upvoted based on whether people agree with your analysis, instead of just being upvoted because everyone can agree on things they all dislike; but secretly nobody agrees on an exact solution or strategy to resolve it.
@_date: 2013-01-12 16:05:11
Well it can't be super simple for the same reason the web wasn't super simple in 1995. It's new technology so the edges aren't sanded down yet, and it has to be at least complex enough to allow you to control your own wealth without being forced to rely on any specific third parties.
From [the bot documentation]( the command (which you [IM to the bot](/message/compose?to=bitcointip&amp;subject=Withdraw&amp;message=%2Bbitcointip%20ThisIsYourWithdrawBitcoinAddress%20ALL)) to withdraw your full tip balance to an address is:
+bitcointip ThisIsYourWithdrawBitcoinAddress ALL
I recommend [Electrum]( or [Multibit]( instead of Armory or BitcoinQT if you get easily confused. If you have not already sent money to any wallets created by Armory or by BitcoinQT, then it's probably safest for you to just uninstall those two and try Electrum.
The final thing I can advise you is, you will have a bad time with bitcoin and will probably louse things up pretty bad and lose or lock up your funds and frustrate yourself if you cannot slow down and both read and understand the instructions everywhere you go. 
Bitcoin is not (yet) easy and it is not for the faint of heart or for those easily frustrated by subtleties. You can grip it well if you can study it and understand it. At our current level of polish, you cannot grip it well just by blindly searching and hoping to find a path as easy as a swipe debit card.
@_date: 2013-02-20 22:43:07


@_date: 2013-08-15 07:38:24
tek ma tek. :3
@_date: 2013-01-27 07:02:53


Let me introduce you to my main man [Paracelsus]( :B
@_date: 2013-04-22 23:27:13
Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
@_date: 2013-01-18 00:03:44
Alright, in that case do you know any other markets which make good canaries we could compare bitcoin to? Especially to filter out potential bitcoin-specific trading bubbles?
If anyone believes Fiat really took a 7% nosedive in 2 days, then we should expect the price of a bigmac to shoot up in compensation within a month or two, no?
@_date: 2013-03-06 14:08:32
Ahh, 9/11. One of the few times I feel the need to challenge what even [Penn Jillette]( says about fact-checking. :S
@_date: 2013-02-25 06:25:50
The [original winnings transaction]( weighed 52kb on which Sdice paid a fee of 0.0286 BTC.
This undoubtedly made his wallet file larger, but that transaction consolidates all the inputs so that the winner only gained a single, 1,279.9995 BTC input on his wallet.. just with a complex history.
Winner HAS [already spent these proceeds]( This transaction includes the *one* 1,279.9995 BTC input along with a lot of other tiny inputs moving 1284BTC to another wallet. That weighed ~7kb and cleared with 0.0035 BTC txn fees.
@_date: 2013-03-06 20:46:30
Tip: if you put two carriage returns between each paragraph instead of one, Reddit will render the paragraphs properly. Elsewise it just rams them together into a ball of gook. :&gt;
You can press "edit" and fix that, tho. Good luck!
@_date: 2013-01-06 02:06:42
Well, this is about ways to earn Bitcoin though. You can only earn Bitcoin from holders of Bitcoin, so I'm trawling to see what market needs are out there in our community to be addressed. :3
@_date: 2013-04-25 22:37:03
[Reddit rules]( clearly forbid the sharing of personal information. 
@_date: 2013-02-01 03:00:16
That's a good idea: spammers cannot perpetrate purchaser fraud to prevent being held to their end of the bargain if charge-backs aren't possible. They could do something like "gold members who purchase through Bitcoin can optionally get a skip-the-spamfilter privilege which will be revoked along with Reddit Gold refund eligibility if more than X comments get reported as spam per Y time period."
Now the spam algo can still flag posts as suspicious and deserving of extra moderator attention, but this gives the gold member the benefit of the doubt. And this doesn't prevent spamsters from trading $10usd non-redeemable for the privilege of making humans judge their submission as spam, but that's a pretty bad bargain for the spamster when they can no longer magically chargeback their money at no loss. :P
@_date: 2013-08-09 02:56:34
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general ~~financial~~ political news.
@_date: 2013-03-21 20:56:53
Money is money. Reddit demands money, it's just the revenue side of the cost/revenue equation. Except in cases where one revenue stream incurs costs that another does not, there is no reason to prefer one type of revenue and discourage another type. Put another way, any source of discouragement to one form of revenue stream compared to another can be interpreted as a hidden cost (for example, "preference cost". "I don't want to touch that customer's money, it will get my hands dirty"..)
So what costs do publishing advertisements present Reddit that offering gold subscriptions do not?
@_date: 2013-01-04 01:44:23
Mining and hardware sales aren't the same business model.
To optimize profits from mining, you've got to run gear on cheap electricity, localize your operations as near a hydroelectric plant as you can.. and pool your results and convert the proceeds back to fiat to pay your electricity bills on a regular basis and keep gear up 24/7 with as much uptime as you can manage and worry about cooling, competing with other miners, shifts in the currency exchange rate, etc.
And what happens if draconian legal regulations come down the pike in 2013?
To make hardware, you make hardware. Work 9-5. Perfect building your machines in batches and support what you sell. 
I suspect they are simply better at optimizing the latter business model than the former. They get paid for their machines based on Bitcoin's performance and popularity today, insulating themselves from the risks of what this experimental currency might do tomorrow.
@_date: 2013-01-19 04:00:45
Alright, can you reverse that money back into your bank then just to get it away from Dwolla?
BitInstant works fine when you deposit cash at Walmart/711/CVS (though IMO it's a bit pricey), it's Dwolla that's asking for the cavity search.
Use [Coinbase]( to Echeck money right out of your bank account to buy bitcoins. Coinbase offers two methods to link your bank account, and I prefer the "deposit two small amounts" method over the other one, FYI.
Or, render cash and use [BitMe]( to deposit that cash to them at any Chase bank branch. Fees are almost nil this route, just 0.6% with no deposit or withdrawal fees and faster than the drive back home.
@_date: 2013-03-21 00:06:57
That's not the only element in the story, either.
Collusion of the greatest percentage of hashpower allows you to create the longest chain, but that chain must be ratified by the people trading the coins: users and merchants. Ultimately, it's a combination of miners and merchants that decide most powerfully which fork is legitimate. If 90% of the miners work on one long chain, but 90% of the merchants and exchanges talk the remaining 10% of miners into altering their mining software (or not altering it) just enough to invalidate the 90% efforts, then none of the 90% of miners will be able to get anyone else to accept their coins in trade and the remaining 10% will work just fine on their new, well adopted fork.
@_date: 2013-01-07 21:45:32
I'd like to see someone review different wallets and offer recommendations, if there are already this many either in development or already available. :3
Mock up a pros-cons chart with some prices? Has anyone actually used any of these yet?
@_date: 2013-06-03 06:52:40
Thanks to money laundering laws, anonymity is legally defined as criminality.
@_date: 2013-03-08 02:18:15
yishan: now that you're offering gold in a currency I want to spend, and I've bought folks a few months' worth, I notice that there is no "give gold" button for the articles themselves, just the comments.
But there are tons of times I want to gold OP, too and put that little marker icon up there and all that.
Why not allow golding the article, and realize some otherwise lost revenue there, too? :D
@_date: 2013-11-21 04:20:52
Alright, let's work out this math. Shall we?
Bitcoin trades for $100usd/btc at exchange A. It trades for $200usd/btc at exchange B.
To arbitrage, you buy the cheap coin from exchange A and sell it at high prices on exchange B until the prices begin to converge closely enough that you stop making profit from the work.
Because the difference in fiat surplus at one exchange and deficit at the other exchange is undoubtedly larger than your available capital, you have to do this in many trips. You have to deposit your fiat at the cheap exchange (A), buy bitcoin, move the bitcoin to the expensive exchange (B) to sell, and then withdraw fiat to feed back into A and collect one round of profit.
If you cannot deposit fiat into exchange A, or you cannot withdraw fiat from exchange B, then you cannot complete this loop. It is like trying to drive an electrical circuit to exploit the voltage potential in a Battery, when one lead of the battery is corroded and cannot make an electrical connection.
Now add litecoin. Exchange A, $100usd/btc and $1usd/LTC. Exchange B, $200usd/btc and $2usd/LTC.
Now that there are more paths, what do you even want to arbitrage in this scenario? Say the problem is we cannot withdraw USD from exchange B.
Are you going to deposit $100 fiat into A, sell and get 1BTC, send to Exchange B, sell that for .. USD? You get $200usd you cannot withdraw. 1 BTC or $200usd, either way, get you 100LTC. Do you send that back to exchange A? There, 100LTC get you 1BTC or $100usd, just like you started with.
Litecoin cannot arbitrage two unrelated currencies. It is like trying to exploit the potential of a damaged  battery with one corroded lead by adding an extra loop of wire (and optionally an unrelated battery) to the lightbulb. Until there is a path from one end of the battery's difference potential to the other, it cannot be exploited no matter how many wire loops you attach to how many terminals on the light bulb.
The only thing adding LTC to this equation would do is ensure that the LTC/BTC exchange rate (100/1 at both exchanges in the example I provided) remains the same at all exchanges. Both of those currencies are already liquid making that case embarrassingly easy. The crypto/fiat exchange rate would not move one millimeter.
@_date: 2013-03-27 05:22:22
Big pool o' capital to pay off the wholesale costs, and waiting for Bitcoin appreciation to refill the pool?
That's mah boy. :D
@_date: 2013-06-27 00:20:28
To be fair, "cachet". People pay more for things sometimes just to have the things everybody else wants, and/or to have better resale value after the graphics tastes of the world have soured.
 Also, AMD could (for example) include bundled software that offers clueless users discounts to games and such that build up the more they run the card while connected to the internet. AMD would not have to hide that your card is mining bitcoin, but wouldn't have to promote that in full page ads either. Just that the card does work in the background for which you get rewards, not unlike airline miles. ;3
Then power users can just nix the bundled mining software and swap in their own, thus not earning the rewards and instead mining outright.
@_date: 2013-03-22 23:07:45
Maybe Spain is just more densely populated than the rural western hemisphere. :&gt;
@_date: 2013-01-11 05:23:54
If it was the highest point in the past 24 hours, then yes. And I see that happen quite frequently, but it's in no way the normal state of things.
Click that little chart symbol to see a candlestick graph of recent trades, and click the [MtGox Live Graph]( link to see a cyclone graph. Prices bounce up and down like a ball on a spring, even when the trend in price is to move up or down strongly you never remain on a high or on a low for more than a few seconds at a time. :J
@_date: 2013-08-27 23:57:50
*shrug*, [gyft]( covers amazon though so you're good. :3
@_date: 2013-07-11 19:27:23


.. and that can only happen because Math is an entirely artificial construct. Mathematics is a tool, invented by man, to help describe the empirical evidence that we gather about the world around us and to help predict what events may occur in the future.
I understand that your dander is up, but step back from the abusive language, please.
@_date: 2013-08-24 01:29:13
Ah ha, yeah SQL doesn't really frighten me either. You might consider putting a copy of [PHPmyadmin]( on a localhost-only interface and then links'ing into it, or ssh tunnel, or use .htaccess deny-hosts so only your source ip range can access it via ssl? Thus you get the convenience coupled with the yummy tinfoil-hatness our crowd has come to expect.
Alternately, setting up a script to import / export(and overwrite) between these SQL tables and CSV or YAML should be easy too. If I get sufficiently bored I might take a swing at coding something like that up. :3
@_date: 2013-03-21 13:03:27
Nope, postitnote is correct.
Checking the [Wikipedia page on Krugerrand]( I see that that is a bullion coin. It comes in many weights, but this one has it's weight printed on the reverse face, which is visible in the image: it says 1oz. :3
Casascius denomination is also visible in the image, so now I'm fully up to speed. :D 
@_date: 2013-04-24 21:34:35
That's a lot to ask, have people sit and type out that long ass address.
He should either use [btc.to]( or make a [qr code out of beads]( :D
@_date: 2013-11-15 00:45:04
Yeah, so does Coinbase. So?
Coinbase offers Instant Coin (basically loaning you the value until the ACH clears) so you'll have the bitcoin right away and Coinbase will process the ACH in the background. :)
@_date: 2013-03-16 14:33:17
The entire bitcoin market is mathematically limited to 21 million units called Bitcoins. Those units in turn are subdivided into Satoshis, or 1/100 millionths of a Bitcoin unit.
This system is "supply deflationary", meaning that if the rules don't change and if sentiment also does not change then your purchasing power increases over time. This happens because some people hoard coins, some people lose coins, so the whole number of coins in the market dries up slowly over time and whatever coin you sit there holding increases in value.
The purchasing power of your holdings are always a function of what slice of the larger pie you have.
If tomorrow all miners agree, or duke it out in a hard fork, to change the rules so that one Bitcoin is still 1 / 21 millionth of the ultimate limit of the money supply but now can be divided to 100 digits instead of 8, then your holdings are still denominated in Bitcoin units and still represent the same sized slice of the pie. Same sized slice of the mathematical limit of 21mil Bitcoins, and same slice of the "only [~11 million have been mined so far]( and some of those in turn are lost and hoarded" pie too.
Thus, even though the liquidity of every Bitcoin unit you possess has increased, the purchasing power of your holdings remain the same. That purchasing power may go up if someone loses 1 million BTC tomorrow, or it may go down temporarily if all merchants suddenly hate Bitcoin and stop accepting it tomorrow, but finer subdivision does not lead to your holdings losing any purchasing power.
In contrast: The US government prints more money. They make the pie bigger because now there are more dollars than before, and your slice of that pie grows smaller because they are not giving you the new dollars.
Money printing directly reduces your purchasing power. Unless you're the one printing, and then you gain purchasing power. Or unless the printed money is distributed precisely evenly to every holder of money, (which is what subdivision does if you interpret things that way), in which case everyone's purchasing power remains the same.
EDIT: to address your "1BTC = 1 loaf of bread" inquiry, there is no force save supply and demand which could potentially pin prices like that. If Bitcoin becomes more demanded, or becomes harder to get (those are two sides of the same coin) then it's purchasing power increases naturally. If there is only one BTC left in the world somehow, then 1 BTC represents the entire bitcoin economy. That won't be worth one loaf of bread unless the economy is really, really unpopular. But anyone holding, say, 0.5BTC in that situation would have half of the economy and a lot of power over whatever popularity the economy has at that stage.
@_date: 2013-02-28 01:48:17
I agree on all your points except that it is valuable to note that Bitcoin *does* in fact have a use value, and that is worth measuring and plugging into the Mises regression theorem as a price floor. :3
That is that the service Bitcoin bookkeepers (obs: "miners") offer by notarizing transactions is both unique and valuable to people who use the Bitcoin payment network. That service can only be purchased by transactors in transaction fees, and those can only be paid directly in Bitcoin.
The revenue realized by bookkeepers (including block reward subsidies) circumscribes how much security in the form of hash power they can offer to the network, and that security in turn must be purchased through other means — either buying fiat to pay the power company for example, or remunerating the power company directly in Bitcoin. Either of these cases is a clear and inevitable commodity conversion: power is a commodity which is already priced, thus the costs born by bookkeepers counterbalance their revenues which must be remunerated in pure Bitcoin.
Thus, bitcoin's price floor is tied to electricity not because of the value of electricity sacrificed in the past, but because of the value of electricity which must be sacrificed in the future to continue securing the transaction network. QED.
@_date: 2013-08-07 07:40:47
 . It's what [Flattr]( uses.
For that matter, UK users *can* just use Bitpay. The only obstacle I am aware of is that it will require 100eu batches before it can ach to your British bank.
@_date: 2013-04-25 02:06:11
Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
@_date: 2013-02-23 16:00:18
Netflix recommends to you: "Reality" TV
For when actual life doesn't have enough drama, and seems boring and dumb, let our studio production staff invent all kinds of drama and conflict, and present that to you as though that's an accurate window onto the world! :D
@_date: 2013-01-03 00:08:36
We do. I was on that end of a long-fought discussion just a month ago which saw [this page]( added to bitcoin.org.
The only trouble is that the "(see all bitcoin clients)" link on it's front page is a little bit too easy for people to miss. They just stop reading at "Latest Bitcoin-Qt version: 0.7.2" and don't realize that the client with top billing has significant new-user unfriendliness problems.
@_date: 2013-01-30 00:41:30
It's a good video. But:
* starts with a video ad, ew. :P
* it's a bit old, mentioned 50BTC block reward
* Falls into the same old newbie-disservice trap of talking about Mining in a way that newbies are going to think it means they get money for nothing.
@_date: 2013-01-30 22:53:58


I see oligopoly wrong with it. :&gt;
@_date: 2013-03-09 01:15:57
1. misconfigured miner isn't pulling any transactions into mempool, miner is too daft to notice the difference
2. blocks are smaller, propagate to network faster reducing likelihood of orphans by a zillionth of a percent (or several zillion zillionths of a percent if your bandwidth is really terrible)
That latter point is a severe worry in future scalability, which is why the powers that be are keenly interested in ways to disincentivize worthless blockmaking prior to the block reward subsidies waning (which would take care of the problem pretty fairly)
@_date: 2013-05-31 00:11:04
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:
* Do not use URL shortening services: always submit the real link.
If you wish to resubmit your link without the URL shortner, that would be welcome however. Thank you. :)
@_date: 2013-03-09 10:34:55
True, but at the time Facebook took over it's software was *inferior* to MySpace. It simply did a better job of courting and hooking users and Myspace had really, really let themselves go.
@_date: 2013-04-04 17:53:11
In addition, Bitfloor is a great place to sell bitcoins in small batches because the price almost always runs a few dollars above Gox. :D
Probably because Bitfloor's partner localtill makes getting USD in much easier than Gox.
@_date: 2013-05-04 05:18:28
Please review our community rules in the sidebar before posting:




@_date: 2013-01-16 09:02:37
TIL that a quarter really was "two bits", as in Bitcents, back when the price was as low as $12.50usd.
Now it's not even that any moar! bahaha :B
@_date: 2013-11-07 11:56:53
Screw Gox and go with Bitstamp. Or, for smaller amounts go with Coinbase or Localbitcoins.
*especially* if you're trying to buy in, because MtGox rate disfavors usd since nobody can withdraw from them easily. MtGox USD is basically funny money that can't do anything else but cash back into BTC.
@_date: 2013-03-06 03:31:18
Yesterday I could buy 9 gallons of gas for 1BTC.
Today it's 12 gallons. 8I
@_date: 2013-03-15 08:42:44
Well, they ~~made~~ sold FPGAs a long time ago, and I've never heard an awful lot of complaints about the FPGAs.
People aren't concerned about that though, they are concerned about the ASICs BFL have heavily advertised and collected pre-orders for for the last 6 months on the power of claiming they would ship by September 2012.
To this day they are still taking new preorders and blanket advertising and teasing about how the gear is "just around the corner". They [went to CES]( with an empty case full of fans and wound up only demonstrating the mining control gui they had developed for the android platform.
Are they about to ship units in a week or so? They've been flooding all week with [pictures of chips]( [chips fitted on boards]( "[now the chips are in my hand]( "[Now the chips are in Chicago]( They've got newbies like yourself thinking they've already shipped and that can report back on the quality of the products. (EG, I don't know if you think they've already shipped ASIC or not but this isn't the first time I've answered this question either).
What does all that tell you? õ_O
@_date: 2013-03-08 18:50:13
Your bitcoin balance is protected by your ECDSA Secret Keys. For desktop clients, these are either bundled into your wallet.dat file. "Deterministic" wallets and brain wallets are slightly different but operate on the same principal: they rely on a secret "seed" from which the wallet and infinite addresses are created. Online services that store bitcoins for you, be it hot wallet (coins the webserver can quickly spend, like teller drawers at the bank) or cold wallet (coins manual intervention is required to access, like the vault at the bank) follow the same rules: all the coins they manage are controlled by secret keys, just like on your desktop.
The security of all Bitcoin asset holding relies entirely on keeping these secret snippets of information secret. If an attacker knows your secret key, there currently exists no force in the universe preventing them from sweeping your account clean in a millisecond from any point on the globe. But this is a design feature in Bitcoin, it's the same reason that knowing your key is all *you* personally need to access your funds from any point on the globe.
This simply means that Bitcoin security is identical to general information security. If you can't keep a digital secret, then you cannot secure your coins. OTOH if you CAN keep this secret, then a seven nation army can't even touch your coffers. 8I
Information security is a really hard problem, but it's one that fields full of experts perfect over time and Bitcoin becomes a great way for tiny individuals to begin practicing and perfecting their skills. Cold wallets, paper wallets, brain wallets, shamir's secret sharing distributed m-of-n wallets.. if you can use these tools to perfect securing your own bitcoin then you can anchor any cryptographic system with finesse that rivals large banks and governments.
Or you can just participate with third parties who are practicing in this exciting new field, such as coinbase. But it's also hard to have a lot of say in the penetration resistance of third parties. :/
@_date: 2013-01-29 23:04:39
Maybe we should just machine translate this bad boy. :D
@_date: 2013-03-26 22:24:18
There are already plenty of exchanges that don't do business in the USA. But that also means they're going to have a challenging time serving customers who live here. :P
@_date: 2013-04-07 06:06:05
Yep, just wait. Nope, don't have to keep computer or internet or bitcoin-qt program active, the coins will wait for you if you go away. However don't lose your wallet file, that holds the key to all of your coins. And when you spend extended periods with bitcoin-qt offline you'll fall behind on the blockchain which just means you'll be stuck behind updating the blockchain again when you get back on. A day of being offline translates to maybe a minute or two of update lag.
Have fun, sir! :3
@_date: 2013-11-14 18:50:21
True, but you're going to buy stuff anyway (food, groceries, hotels, amazon, etc) so buy it this way and get a 3% kickback.
You can't realize bitcoin gains on wealth that isn't already sitting around; bitcoin savings and gyft are orthogonal. ;3
@_date: 2013-02-09 03:53:35
Think of it this way: a properly functioning blockchain is like everyone in the world keeping a ledger at the same time, and everyone follows clever rules to make sure nobody gets out of sync. You see a balance of "10BTC" on your copy of the ledger, and you know that everyone else in the world shows the same balance for you. You spend that by (using accounting terms) debiting 5BTC out of your balance and crediting it to somebody else's, then everyon else shows that transaction too. All is in sync.
Once there is a netsplit, that means that some people take the ledger at a certain time and say "screw this, starting today we're following XYZ new rule!" such as allowing more transactions per block. Once some progressive miner mines such a block, all the conservative miners and ledgers will reject that and not record it in their ledgers, but all the progressive miners will adopt it and call the block and all it's transactions good.
At this point, if you weren't touching your 10BTC balance, then it still shows on both ledgers. And once you want to spend it, if your spend follows both rulesets then your transaction will get honored on both sets of ledgers too (give or take a few potential problems in connectivity between feuding nodes.....) But when you try a transaction that would be rejected by one side and not the other, then you'll in a way spend coins in one parallel universe without spending them in the other. :P
This state can't last forever, generally whichever is the most popular will win out as the loser gets marginalized. But for a short while, it might be possible to convince a loser that you are sending him some BTC following the loser rules, and if he can't tell there is a split going on he might think he got the coins, even though you never sent them in a way that harmonizes with the winner rules meaning all the winners' ledgers show you kept the coin the whole time.
Block forks happen frequently, and those are like netsplits that last mere seconds. You'd need a split to last more than one full confirmation, or a complete rule split like discussed here before any end users would begin to notice a thing. And when/if it did, I don't think anyone would dare to make a stand for whichever side is the least popular; or they would be commiting to receiving coins with no future of being honored. :3
@_date: 2013-04-07 21:31:47
How is that? Cypriots and Spaniards are beginning to learn how tenuous their ownership claims over their deposits are. There is truth in the idea that "making things idiot proof" is simply tantamount to "protecting idiots from themselves" by [undermining their own agency](
I say the Bitcoin revolution does not require the support of whatever subset of the population is 100% financially risk-averse, because 100% risk aversion (aside from being unrealistic in all circumstances in life) translates to no support given. Those may prove to be the last adopters, who only move as conditions change until they have no other options, but we'll manage fine without them.
Most people — depositors, merchants, consumers, professionals, and lay people alike — have one or more problems with the current financial system that will motivate them to accept some small sliver of risk along the way to further empower Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-01-09 23:15:12
Hey, now that you've worked out a proper plumbing mechanism, you should out to advertise on localbitcoins.com so that you can help some utha bruthas out, eh? :D
@_date: 2013-05-06 06:48:00
Alright, this makes me wonder whether the 0.8.2 client will be written that way or not. :o
@_date: 2013-07-03 07:22:29
hunh? Who'll tell me all about what now? õ_O
@_date: 2013-04-07 22:03:28
Welcome to Bitcoin, where the rules are decentralized and the points *actually* matter. :O
@_date: 2013-02-17 04:09:20


The same is true with Bitcoin. You get a confirmation through the network that the transaction was signed with the private key of the previous owner of the coin, and your software instantly confirms that the transaction is well formed. The expense of performing a race attack in a face to face transaction carries a similar expense to [passing a counterfeit bill]( capable of defeating naive scrutiny, and that expense increases every second of the transaction. Check blockchain.info 10 seconds in (many PoS options offer similar 0-conf security implicitly) and the likelihood you can still fail a race condition, especially at the &lt; $200usd price point, is significantly lower than receiving a counterfeit bill (which, incidentally, has happened to me before).
No payment technology currently exists which allows 0 second 0 risk transactions. You always have an authentication step, with pros and cons. All I am saying is that Bitcoin sizes up fine toe to toe against paper and electronic USD options in this arena.


Neither is that an apt comparison nor is it a different subject. We are discussing risk to the merchant, and when you use a stolen credit card the Merchant will suffer a chargeback (often including other punitive fees) very similar to having received counterfeit funds confiscated by the government. When you spend stolen Bitcoins, the risk is limited to the original owner of the Bitcoins.
On that subject however, Credit cards are much easier to steal and to duplicate than Bitcoins, because you do not transmit your wallet.dat file with every online transaction nor do you dump it's contents to a minimum wage worker through a magstripe swipe in face to face transactions. Bitcoin can stand some additional wallet file security to increase that gap, but hardware wallets are right around the corner. :3
@_date: 2013-03-06 01:00:05
Are you suggesting that altruism *precludes* innovation?
STB sold bitcoins at a steep discount to bitcoin buyers, sending proceeds to charity, thus increasing each of these groups' visibility to the other. I find that to be an innovative and awareness-building approach.
@_date: 2013-02-20 18:49:51
The 79% direct analysis against the blockchain was flawed, it misread all ewallets, change addresses and cold wallets as "hoarding".
EDIT: I'm also turning this spiel into a RES macro, since I have to mention it at least once a week it seems. Sensational rumors are a lot of effort to wash back out again. :P
@_date: 2013-06-20 19:36:59
Even better headline suggestion in the comments:


@_date: 2013-03-10 11:52:56
That's a lot of predatory birds. :P
@_date: 2013-07-15 08:06:42
From the sidebar:
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
Trading your labor for Bitcoin does qualify as a trade. What I'd recommend is or [Bitgigs]( :3
@_date: 2013-06-02 19:16:19
Oh it will eventually trickle into the exchange rate. Naked demand has to settle in a manner that impacts globally recognized prices, eventually. ;3
@_date: 2013-04-04 23:22:25
Oh shit, [I had the scouter on upsidedown]( My bad!
@_date: 2013-04-10 21:36:06
Ah, winthrowe has guessed wrong. Actually, when I say "interest" I only mean "relative appreciation".
For example, when Bitcoin gains in value against USD I spend some of it (but not as much as the value it gained in total) on things I might otherwise buy with USD.
Then when Bitcoin's value wanes against USD, I've got spare USD free to buy back into Bitcoin. This gets me inexpensive Bitcoin back and it's my own small contribution to help the price rally to boot. :3
@_date: 2013-04-04 20:40:02
Well, I ask you. Put a starving animal in a room with only one bowl of food. Can you tell the future and determine whether it will eat food from the bowl, or die from starvation?
Of course not. You can't even tell if that's a false dichotomy or not. Animal might abstain for long enough that PETA kicks down the door. Or an asteroid may crash into the building, leading to causes of death that are not starvation. Or [the rules of physics might spontaneously change]( leading to a new plane of existence where not eating food keeps one nourished and attempts to eat it lead to starvation.
But if you'd ever like to take bets about what a hungry animal sat next to an agreeable food source will do, I'll give you long odds without knowing the future. Hell, I might be wrong but life always involves risk of the unknown.
Time will judge us all.
@_date: 2013-03-30 15:12:52
Well, there's [Falkvinge]( I happen to agree with this point, as well. But "Will one day be worth $1mil usd per btc" is not mutually exclusive to "Do not invest what you cannot afford to lose". Mainly, because "one day" isn't tomorrow, and because being worth a million eventually doesn't mean they won't spend a decade worth zero first.
The market is volatile and you cannot guarantee what you put in will be available to take out when you need it. So, you *should* only invest what you can afford to lose.
@_date: 2013-04-05 22:24:58
@_date: 2013-08-25 15:04:41
.. which would fall under the same regulations as Brinks, and the DEA would allow them to dump quite a bit of money into it before going "Woops, we didn't see you there! We're now going to shut down your armored car operation. Kthxbai!"
@_date: 2013-03-03 04:20:04
Yeah, on the one hand I can appreciate your wish to track where the donations be coming from, at least a bit. On the other hand, the concern from here is less about source tracking (reddit vs non-reddit is too granular for anyone here to get upset about privacy, lol) and more about knowing whether the one you post on reddit is legitimate, vs the slim potential that you're an imposter advertising faucet X and then posting your own fake address here to lure suckers into sending you free money. ;3
One way you could get the tracking and avoid the shock from forumgoers would be to link to a reddit-specific page on the official site with a reddit-specific donation address. :3
@_date: 2013-02-27 09:41:29
Bipsters. 8I
@_date: 2013-09-26 22:09:30
Several people who are uploading their encrypted payloads over tor just stopped to look in your general direction and quirk an eyebrow at your confidence in third party "policies". :&gt;
@_date: 2013-02-06 22:26:45
Unlike bitcoin-qt, blockchain.info does not create new addresses by default, for example to sweep change into. By default it merely maintains a single address, and all change is swept there. You are welcome to create more addresses, but you specify one of them as the "main" address and that's where all the change is swept to in the "simple" transaction type. BCI also supports a custom transaction type, where you get to both specify where the change gets swept, among other flexible settings. :3
@_date: 2013-03-03 22:57:15
Actually, I deleted the post. I concurred with the replying folks' evaluation of the content as fraudulent, thus wanted to take the opportunity to excise misinformation.
Also I don't see that account is deleted. His post history now has no content is all. 
Sorry for the confusion, carry on. :3
@_date: 2013-03-05 00:30:05
My estimation is that we have a growth floor of approximately $.36usd/BTC/day due to a steadily and naturally growing demand which outgrew the steadily growing coin supply of 2012 since the block reward halving.
We may either bounce or fly (at our peril) above that and from time to time briefly dip below it, but I do believe we are climbing a steady price floor for the time being.
@_date: 2013-01-07 02:20:48
Not to mention infrastructure scalability. We just can't handle a ton of transactions per second right now, and I'd prefer the blockchain not to grow a few gigabytes every day really.
@_date: 2013-09-13 00:11:55
Alright, [while I can see from the feature list]( that karma conditions are available to automod I'm still weighing that against alternate potential implementational possibilities just because automod can take 5-20 minutes to mark submissions and submitters would lack immediate feedback unlike what subreddit settings could provide were they somehow squirreled away in there.
I've messaged asking for advice as to how they implement it though, as well. Thank you.
@_date: 2013-03-11 19:05:09
Alright, how small? I've poked around on ltc-charts.com but I don't see anything showing a market cap, nor an ultimate-number-of-LTC-units from which I might calculate a market cap.
Also, is this traded anywhere significantly beyond BTC-e, to help clarify some decentralization of exchange? :3
@_date: 2013-01-04 20:27:20
Well, as far as I can tell the justification is basically one group of people imposing their moral framework onto another. It's the same as outlawing any other vice. Drugs, porn, jazz and liquor.
The key is it seems non-controversial *to us*. So long as somebody else finds it offensive or dangerous, then there's always the danger they may react to it irrationally or instigate a witch hunt.
Privacy isn't about protecting the corrupt from the just, it's about protecting the just from the corrupt. 
@_date: 2013-02-01 12:02:57
Here's another thought to consider, regarding your points about whether it is fair or not for some individuals to hold large percentages of all the coin.
Individuals already hold large percentages of every other available commodity on Earth: Gold, Diamonds, Oil, Frozen Concentrated Orange Juice. It's the inevitable [Pareto Principle]( 
But in a fixed-supply, tamper-proof commodity economy like Bitcoin, the role of anyone who hoards devolves into being identical to offering a loan of purchasing power to the entire network. When you hoard, you reduce circulating currency which drives up the price for everybody else. When you then spend from your hoard, it is like cashing in on that loan and enjoying a brief period of higher unit price before the money you loosen up increases the circulating supply and mildly depresses the price again. 
Increased purchasing power is an unquestionable good. For somebody who holds one BTC, prices raising from $20 to $25 means they just earned $5usd of purchasing power.
For somebody who wants to buy Bitcoin, say to remit money internationally, if they send $100usd today the money briefly exists as 5BTC before either staying that way, or turning into $100usd of a foreign currency at the other end. Tomorrow when the price hits $25, that $100 briefly becomes 4BTC but still devolves to $100usd worth of foreign money at the other end. So no people are truly inconvenienced by a rising price, so long as it's not simply a run up to a crash. :P
@_date: 2013-06-13 22:10:44
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-03-14 13:28:38
I'm sorry. From the sidebar:


So I've had to remove this post. The proper forum to advertise the umbrella of cryptocurrencies is in Discussion of other cryptocurrencies here is fine so long as they meaningfully involve or compare Bitcoin in some way, but we've been fighting a flood of trolling and off-topic advertising since the recent litecoin price bump.
I hope you understand, I don't wish ill to your efforts or anything, but we just don't want our community to become an advertising space for forks any more than Debian would want Ubuntu/Canonical announcements all over their forums. ;3
@_date: 2013-08-27 23:55:14
I prefer Fred Meyers / Kroger. I think reddit hates them less, too. :&gt;
@_date: 2013-03-31 15:04:44
Keep in mind, the Bitcoin client basically only requires randomness to generate new addresses. Each one is a 256-bit ECDSA private key. I think 256 bits of randomness is pretty easy to obtain from other sources without having to make the user play wii-fit.
OTOH Truecrypt has to generate enough randomness to make an entire drive partition, potentially gigabytes in size look indistinguishable from noise. I'm sure they feed a pseudo-random number generator with a very large side to accomplish that, but they might require several hundred kilobytes of initial entropy to get the job done. 
@_date: 2013-01-29 22:12:13
Well, you'll have to offer a citation about Support Vector Machines being able to recognize the contents of an encrypted packet (AFAIK, by definition identical to "decrypting the packet").
Also, threat to corruption ≠ threat to economy, and Bitcoin would force the corrupt elements of our system into an uncomfortable and exposed position far faster than they could lead even the American people blindly into Chinese-style loss of freedom of expression. Our politicians and business leaders, corrupt or not, quite simply lack the will to try to explicitly dominate US culture that far. Otherwise they would have ROFL and ignored events like the SOPA protest.
@_date: 2013-03-19 18:15:06
No I don't, when I browse to my user page (my history shows up. Even if I view said page in a different web browser with cookies cleared and not logged into reddit, or if I [view it through google translate]( as a poor man's IP proxy.
Your page comes up as "404". It may not look that way when you're logged in, but if logged out [or through GT]( you can see the 404.
Shadowban is something handled at the admin level, [here is an post thepiachu made]( describing his run in with the black art.
I just wanted to let you know what I has discovered, and hope all is well otherwise. :3
@_date: 2013-03-09 12:37:06


I though the entire point of ASIC was to miniaturize the application specific circuit as far as practical, and then to physically replicate this miniature computational "core" millions of times per square inch. 
@_date: 2013-01-03 01:29:39
Nothing stops people from forming loans, denominating them in either USD, Euros, or even ounces of gold, and then either allowing you to withdraw your capitol in Bitcoin or even offering no alternate withdrawal options but Bitcoin.
Then your interest is calculated against either inflationary fiat, or stable commodities but your actual remittance is in versatile digital cash. Bitcoin's value might spurt up so much you could repay only what you withdrew some of the time, but lender would be shorting bitcoin and insulating themselves from it's volatility by contracting you in this way. :3
@_date: 2013-08-23 10:39:43
Did you even read OP's post? It consisted of strategies to render the claim "I didn't authorize this" demonstrably false.
[Just sign the form..](
@_date: 2013-07-03 05:58:28
And there are times you'll have to remain that way if poster both wants to avoid self-incrimination and dishonesty. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-16 13:57:34
Concern troll much?
In your other post you openly admit that you hate Bitcoin on principle. So why warn us about something that you claim could damage Bitcoin? õ_O
@_date: 2013-04-11 21:17:13
"Be able to", yes. Exchanges are simply forums that automate the process of people buying and selling funds amongst themselves. If you cash out Bitcoin at price $Xusd, that simply means that somebody gave you *their* $Xusd on that exchange and now they have your bitcoin.
So when you withdraw, you are simply taking out the money the person you traded with deposited.
Now if the exchange is scammy or shady and wants to take advantage of panic to scam people, that's a different story. If they were not keeping a full reserve backing and spent everyone's deposits on the racetrack thinking nobody would all withdraw at the same time, then that's a different story. But if they operate the business according to the rules customers expect from them, then they ought to be able to continue facilitating exchanges at any price point and regardless of the swings. :P
@_date: 2013-08-16 22:21:54
move step 6 to between 1 and 2 then. :&gt;
@_date: 2013-08-24 14:05:01
GP was not even mentioning supply, but security. Prices and competition mean nothing if you're likely to get robbed and the US government is denying you the opportunity to defend your wealth.
Bitcoin allows you to defend your wealth using information security instead of physical security.
@_date: 2013-04-07 21:10:21
I see a future where Bitcoin Banks exist, institutions whose business it is to charge you a fee to safeguard and warranty your deposits.
The advantage of a Bitcoin bank (basically functionally similar to a present-day eWallet, though with a more customer-centric marketing angle and with a more mature security platform) over a contemporary bank would be that the institution would be decentralized, as the currency it operates over would also be decentralized. There would be no relationship to a central bank, no requirement to inter-operate with government for the argorists in the audience, etc. The properties of Bitcoin would allow such an organization to form anywhere; without being merely an appendage to a larger, more monstrous institution (see ECB's role in the Cyprus/Spanish depositor looting for an example).
The disadvantages of a Bitcoin bank compared to a contemporary bank include that *they would have to charge you a fee* to safeguard and to warranty your deposits. They could not simply print fresh money from debt and rely on ambient inflation to cash in on confidence against their fiat, as other contemporary banks do, and depositors would not share in the loot from said externality to merit what they perceive as "free checking".
Furthermore, depositors would not enjoy FDIC insurance but on the other hand many customers in the US have already abandoned traditional banks in the past year and feld to Credit Unions, who also do not offer FDIC.
@_date: 2013-06-30 14:09:56
Yeah. I get the business when I purchase a $20 silver round. xD
@_date: 2013-01-26 07:54:59
Now I just want Casascius to sell chocolate mini-bitcoins, too! T\^T
@_date: 2013-03-08 21:13:10
Well, when you run a desktop client it curates the encrypted wallet file for you, so not so much a text file but the same basic principal. When you use a hybrid online wallet like [Blockchain.info]( then they basically download a javascript desktop client to your web browser and store the encrypted wallet file for you, without ever actually knowing the keys. (the security trade-offs there are non-trivial, but still interesting to learn about :3)
As to how many people keep wallets in different places for different purposes? In a way it's inevitable: your balance at every exchange is technically a different wallet. If you've ever participated in Bitcointip, that is also technically a different wallet. On top of this, I suspect a majority of serious enthusiasts use at least 2 completely personal wallet types. Much like a business, a "hot" wallet that's easy to spend from their computer or mobile device on a whim, and a "cold" wallet that involves signing transactions on air gapped computers in secret bunkers with the private keys cut up into pieces hidden behind clues you'd need Tom Hanks, Nicholas Cage and Harrison Ford to team up to find again if you ever died. :J
@_date: 2013-04-19 22:33:53
No referral links in submissions.
@_date: 2013-03-01 21:52:49
Seems up nao. :D
@_date: 2013-04-05 21:58:38
pfft. She's a female presenter. A Presenter's job is to look attractive and to try to form the words that make up the questions without looking like *too* much of an idiot. Often, actually understanding the question over-qualifies the presenter. :S
In other news, you *can't* properly understand bitcoin without inexorably becoming a zealout and thus loosing your mainstream-perceived objectivity in the process. It's a dangerous business, this enlightenment. ;3
@_date: 2013-05-08 01:10:04
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:


goal is to aggregate news and information relevant to Bitcoin, not to bash other currencies. This sort of submission is probably better suited to a more generalized community such as . might take it too, depending on what their sidebar rules look like.
@_date: 2013-02-18 03:12:25
The trick is not to confuse "investment" with "Free Money". Bitcoin was waiting patiently for you to be one of the first people to recognize it's value in 2009 and you didn't. Apple and Microsoft were waiting patiently for you to recognize their value in the mid 80's, and you didn't. There are hundreds of startups and visionary ideas out there today, *who have not already proven their worth*, waiting for you to recognize their promise today. Go invest in those.
I still consider Bitcoin an "early adopter" opportunity, because I think it will surpass $1,000usd per Bitcoin within a decade or so. But I recognize you may never be happy with that unless you took your shares from $0.04usd to $1,000usd. That specific opportunity is no longer available with Bitcoin, but is still available with things that have not yet proven themselves. Because they have not yet proven themselves they are still monumentally risky, and it is *taking that risk* that earns you the rewards in the long odds of it paying off.
You're basically asking how to bet on the Cubs winning the world series, and get high returns on long odds *after* they've already won.
In the meantime, Bitcoin is a currency with properties no other currency has. You can use it to enable commerce which would otherwise be impossible. That is in fact it's point, it is not some zero effort wealth building scheme.
@_date: 2013-02-20 14:22:45
More or less, although in formulating a response as to "why" I've just realized that alternate blockchains (first recommendation: Litecoin!) may turn out to be perfect for µtx. Less adoption means the chains are less secure, however lower market cap means there is less incentive to attack them too, and µtx has the lowest likelihood of ballooning said market cap.
Another option might be different alt chains per µtx ecosystem. :3
@_date: 2013-02-26 00:06:22
Title is misleading — rectum? They nearly killed 'em! xD
@_date: 2013-08-25 15:21:30
Bitcoin trader visits dispensary. Trades BTC for cash. Bitcoin trader, who is not hobbled by either banking or armored car regulations, now leaves premises, transports cash and/or deposits it in *their* bank account. 
@_date: 2013-01-09 05:45:34
Yahoo: Click gear icon, Mail Options, Turn on SSL. Voila. :D
@_date: 2013-06-14 22:19:29
Not many people realize this, but I actually happen to find whining kind of sexy.
I think I might be falling for you, campdoodles! *bats eyelashes*
@_date: 2013-06-17 23:01:21
While trading paper wallets as though they were fiat currency documents will physically work in a world where everybody trusts everybody else to play by polite rules, so would trading monopoly money in that world.
The problem for paper wallets are:
* You need internet access (or at least a locally cached blockchain more up to date than any potential spends against the paper wallet balance) to confirm the balance of a paper wallet.
* Once A hands paper wallet to B, both A and B have the capacity to know that private key into the future. B must then either implicitly trust A to be a good sport, or siphon the funds off that paper wallet (again, requires internet access) before A can double-spend it back to another address he controls. That risk of course compounds if B blithely just gives the paper wallet to C; C now has to trust both A *and* B, or else siphon right away.
First gen casascius coins suffer from this problem to an extent. Casascius at least temporarily knows the private key he prints into each coin, as does whatever third party he contracts to do some of the printing for him, then that information is sealed behind a reasonably secure holographic, tamper-evident seal. So as long as the seal is unbroken you only have to trust casascius to not be sneakily keeping them private keys, and to not contract with untrustworthy printers on the same level.
Next, casascius invented 2-factor coins such that casascius only knows part of the private key and the first coin holder generates the last half. Then first coin holder can choose to print his half outside the coin, and since casascius never sees last half neither he nor his printers can screw with it and since first holder never sees first half behid holo seal, neither can he. So, further holders only have to trust that casascius and first holder did not conspire, which I'd say would be harder to defeat.
To me, that sounds like the best "nearly-offline" tech available for physical presence bitcoins. But, collectability shoots up the price of those jiggers quite a bit, and it still helps to view the blockchain when you can not only to make sure the coin hasn't somehow been drained but also to make sure that it hasn't been *increased* in any unpublished manner. ;)
@_date: 2013-04-27 06:19:56
Several exchanges have offered withdrawal to ACH. Many aren't around any more, but those left include [FastCash4Bitcoins]( and [VirWoX](
Coinbase is among the few I've known to accept deposits via ACH, and if the constant drone of people upset to be refused a week into what should be a 3-day ACH transfer due to "high risk" are any indication, it's because ACH deposits are still reversible and Coinbase dances with fire to provide that without being buyer-defrauded in any meaningful manner. :/
@_date: 2013-03-17 23:30:12
I'm sorry, but unfortunately we don't allow referral links in submissions.
@_date: 2013-03-20 17:34:37
Sounds like it would be dishonest to hide that, then. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-04 06:43:19
For those to whom it isn't obvious, this address is a black hole which is probably syntactically valid, but to which nobody has the private key. 8I
Sending coin there may infinitesimally mildly raise the exchange rate, but you'd still be mathematically guaranteed to lose net wealth by doing so, and mauna would probably cackle. Or something. ;3
@_date: 2013-04-07 21:22:19
How is that the same place as USD? Voluntary fees ≠ mandatory fees.
Most people don't mind paying for things they find valuable, they just prefer deciding what's valuable and having choices of what they want to spend their money on and what quality to get back out from their purchasing decision. That's what keeps a market efficient.
The current global banking system doesn't have that, because it is a cartel. You want to send money, you'll pay the fees listed. Wire transfer? $15usd at the far end and $35usd on the near end (depending on your bank and the receivers' bank). Use anything but physical cash at a coffee shop? [It is to laugh](
Use Bitcoin? You can either take responsibility over your own security and wait for a merciful miner to notarize your transaction and pay absolutely *zero*, or pay the miners just enough for their needs and pay &lt;1% on small transfers (&lt;0.001% on large transfers), or pay a decentralized institution to handle your security and all mining fees, and maybe see 2% on your purchases. Merchants might even offer to eat that for you in discounts since they're not paying 5+% compared to credit cards.
Why bitcoin, indeed. People who can't be sold on a system until 100% of responsibility is waived for them frankly aren't worth courting. They will move when merchants and markets have already fallen to our dominant position, and they can't make the purchases they want any other way.
@_date: 2013-03-02 01:11:45
Another consideration is that if you're not exceptionally well disciplined at using Tor to obfuscate your source IP when you communicate with the bitcoin network, then hackers who want Bitcoin users to target can easily find them. 
Remember when ipods first came out and muggers began singling out pedestrians wearing earbuds with white cables? Stealing bitcoin is lucrative because once they know your private key your wealth is theirs, untraceably, from any location on earth. This also means your lonely little LAN is at the mercy of *every* skilled cyberthief on Earth simultaneously. There is no "arms reach" to filter out the vast sea of folks with the skills and the intent to rob you.
Stay safe son, and thanks for the query. :3
@_date: 2013-06-30 11:29:19
Because the government has [outlawed]( the ability for any people to convert wealth from one form to another under any circumstances whatever without the exact amounts and identities being documented. 
@_date: 2013-02-01 11:18:27
No, I think the point is with the reward halving the steadily growing demand for bitcoin is no longer matched to the suddenly slowing growth in supply.
@_date: 2013-07-31 22:07:12
"Bitcoin businesses" will learn, maybe? I was under the impression that the timekeeping in the protocol did use UTC. :&gt;
@_date: 2013-05-22 04:55:53
Ah ha, I see the topological point you're getting at now.
I thought you were merely objecting to the small number of connections each node had, or how conveniently they were arranged in relation to their connections, or something. :&gt;
@_date: 2013-01-29 02:56:00
Aww, I thought mayhaps they had actually bought the thing and labored under the misapprehension they could thus prevent the next holder from getting it, and stick their trollish ad on the frontpage forever. xD
@_date: 2013-01-19 02:16:32
In case anyone's wondering, article is hosted on a pro-cannabis site by a pro-cannabis username but the actual article content is in no way related to drugs or to cannabis. It's just a personal perspective on the economics of Bitcoin, and one which I enjoyed reading. :3
@_date: 2013-01-03 01:54:03
I wonder how many businesses shop for office supplies online? The biggest challenge I could foresee would be that most small business customers just go to brick and mortar shops to physically collect their office supplies with no delivery lag time and no s/h to absorb in the cost.
@_date: 2013-07-04 10:05:07
You know what might make your graph fit even closer though, and then wind up changing where it settles on the right side? Skew the 2011 numbers by a $0.39usd increase per day.
The reason I say this is that in 2011 we were getting 50 newly generated bitcoins per block, which was a higher rate of ambient supply inflation than the 25btc/block we're getting today. Starting in early January and leading into march 2013 this balanced into a steady $0.39usd/day climb where we had  a series of plateaus in the final half of 2012.
@_date: 2013-02-19 04:39:06


I'm sorry, this is your misapprehension, not mine. Wasting electricity on Mining/bookeeping activity does nothing to directly set the unit value of Bitcoin. All it does is offer a sacrifice to secure the network, by way of requiring an attacker to make a matching sacrifice before they would be able to overwhelm it.
Think of this on par with anti-counterfeiting effort in the US mint. The US mint invests billions of dollars making their bearers bond certificates difficult to duplicate. Those billions of dollars do not "back" the currency. The most effective illustration of this fact is that doubling the investment in anti-counterfeiting measures would not suddenly double the unit value of USD.
Where the value of any currency comes from is it's utility as a currency and the faith that somebody is going to accept it back from you in the future. I believe that Bitcoin has it's ducks in a row on all fronts here. It is scarce and has high current utility, meaning that others will always be willing to compete to buy it off of me for their own digital bartering needs. *That* is where the currencies value stems from, not from simple work value to produce it.
@_date: 2013-03-22 22:27:56
Wots interesting about it? :o
@_date: 2013-03-22 00:18:03
Tell that to Ghandi. &amp;
@_date: 2013-01-09 06:19:35
This assertion is just far enough outside of my reach that I can neither collaborate nor refute it, but it sounds legit.
How does this compare to other deterministic wallets, like Electrum and Armory, and have you contacted AcceptBit with this salt workaround idea?
@_date: 2013-05-28 08:57:00
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:
* News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news.
Personally, I recommend you put you put up a blog entry which can site this article as a source, and then discuss your thoughts on how this may be related to Bitcoin. Then upvotes will reflect whether people agree with your ideas, instead of simply representing inchoate fiat bashing.
@_date: 2013-03-01 00:44:01
To fear free market movements on a market with no corruptible regulation in sight is to fear freedom itself.
The type of manipulation you are accustomed to on Wall Street should not be possible on a perfectly orthogonal market. For example, you cannot corner bitcoin by eating so much of the currency that you form a monopoly. You cannot impact the market value of this specific commodity by trading in fractionally backed certificates and inflating apparent supply like JP Morgan does to Silver; because the certificates will never trade fungibly with the native commodity — it's already globally tradeable in it's native and counterfeit-proof form.
You can buy in deeply and sell off again to add volatility, which is even easier in our small market cap but you'll have to pay full admission to accomplish this, there are no amplifying effects to help you. For example to cause enough panic to reduce the $366 million USD market cap by $100 million may cost you many times that in money you bleed off to other speculators who accept your buy and sell orders plus in devaluation of the very coffers of BTC you'd have to maintain to grip the network so tightly.
This is a special kind of disincentive which the Bitcoin design is full of. It's an attack we're not 100% impervious to, but it's on one hand rendered needlessly expensive to perform compared to any potential ROI you could possibly see, and on the other the siren song of just complying with the network to make profit instead will call to all who have the capacity to try.
Thus our victory against this variety of attack is inexorable. :3
@_date: 2013-06-11 19:54:49
I'm sure there is a measure of selective prosecution in effect, there. They probably will not enforce the law in cases where the total value of the missive is especially low: $5 birthday card or single jewelry purchase from Amazon.com.
But if you're trying to move any significant portion of wealth untraceably? That is likely when they will begin to realize there is this law you happen to be breaking and do something about it.
@_date: 2013-02-21 11:52:31
But how could you coordinate such a netork? It would be impractical for everyone to agree to play by those rules, especially when breaking them and hoarding is so advantageous to individual players. Where would the coins not presently in use be stored? Put another way, if nobody is holding them .. then who's holding them?
@_date: 2013-02-10 06:28:38
Ah, well what I like to do is just copy paste the formula and dump it into wolfram alpha. It gives you a handy graph, like this: [sqrt(-1)/(1-x)](
Your idea allows zero to be mapped, and tries to map no value onto 0i, but then robs a mapping for x=1. :3
@_date: 2013-08-11 06:27:32
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy.
Maybe try @_date: 2013-03-31 15:15:09
Well most changes in anything will have some pros and some cons. :D Litecoin purports to have faster confirmation times, but it will generate more orphans, more blockchain bloat and be more difficult to mine over moderately slower network connections in the bargain. Many pros and cons, but certainly not an incontrovertible improvement. :3
@_date: 2013-09-23 19:05:46
Getting Citizenship in another country should be easy so long as a job is waiting for you there. ;3
@_date: 2013-04-08 05:17:15
Yay, deflation! :D
Sorry to hear about your missed gains having sold out and all, but you sound like you're house is in order too. All I did is put in $X in Feb and then just took $X back out in March. Remaining Bitcoin hanging about at 4X, presently. *shrugs* Now I'm focusing on ways to secure direct Bitcoin revenues instead of worrying about converting USD into it. :3
@_date: 2013-02-16 01:50:46
Do they change that donation address frequently? Because it does not appear to have collected a full BTC yet. :O
@_date: 2013-02-17 12:13:48
OTOH they are still — even after the hack and after losing their capacity both to do cash deposits and bank ACH — the fifth largest USD exchange in the world (according to [Bitcoincharts]( having traded over 23,270 BTC in the past 30 days alone.
@_date: 2013-04-26 00:56:57
I might recommend that you alter the name of your application. "Multibit" is already the name of a popular Bitcoin wallet client.
I'll also recommend that you not rely on file lockers like mediafire to distribute software you expect people to trust to run on their computer. If your software is open source, then sourceforge and github are fine alternatives, and people paranoid about security can even audit the code and build from scratch. If it is closed source, please at least try to host it from a more permanent location. Otherwise it will be difficult for your audience to distinguish from malware.
@_date: 2013-01-06 22:28:57
Well the "double spend with higher fee" attack only works for zero confirmations. So any stores requiring a single confirmation would be proof against it.
Furthermore, a spend would only languish past multiple blocks if the customer were stingy enough not to offer a sufficient transaction fee, and that shouldn't be the store's problem. It's similar in nature to bouncing a check, and stores often charge NSF fees for shortsighted shenanigans of that nature.
@_date: 2013-03-17 07:58:05
Bitcoins are powerful. They are easy and anonymous enough that companies can run afoul US government Anti-Money Laundering Laws unless said companies go to great pains to Know Their Customer.
Bitcoins are irreversible. Most companies will not accept reversible payment types such as Credit Card or Paypal in exchange for them, because of the significant risk to them that you might issue a chargeback against your squishy CC/Paypal payment after you securely have your bitcoins in hand.
Bitcoin is money for adults. Look at it this way, with no banks to hold your hand and do all the heavy lifting for you, you get a chance to interact as your own financial free agent and grow some hair on that chest. :J
@_date: 2013-05-08 06:31:04
.. from 2011 ..
@_date: 2013-01-31 01:20:07
I agree, I would like to reduce the number of administrative single points of failure for any solutions to that economic problem. There are lots of opinions as to whether or when government vs private sector vs something else is the right approach to minimize that factor, and I'm not gonna hassle you about that neither. :B
I'm a technocrat, I just love whenever the opportunity arises to use a technology which melts a responsible individuals reliance upon other administrative points of failure. We are living in some exciting times, yo. :D
@_date: 2013-01-13 05:54:48
It's not, I just eyeballed the dollar value for the midpoints of the seven open/close bars for July 4 - 10 and averaged the midpoints to get $25. :3
@_date: 2013-03-19 20:56:11
Wow, somebody dropped 1.9BTC up into that address now (roughly a hundred bux)
Does that mean poor Sidney must now register as a Money Services Transmitter Thing? :O
@_date: 2013-01-11 03:38:30
I'm sorry to hear that you feel that way, and I'd be right pissed off if I was in a similar position.
But there are dozens of exchanges out there as well as OTC traders which allow you to circumvent the high volume, cavity-search BS MtGox is well known for.
All I want to say is that your beef should be with MtGox' policies, especially by way of accepting Bitcoin deposits and then holding them hostage behind AML bullshit instead of making customers do the AML bullshit before ever generating a Bitcoin deposit address. Also, with any new currency, it's a good idea to test the plumbing with a small amount first just to sound out this sort of nonsense before going all in. That's how you can make an exchange or a vendor prove themselves to you before you really start leaning on them to behave a certain way.
Bitcoin is culture clash to people accustomed to Credit Cards and Paypal and the nanny finance industry. You scoff at [cash through the mail]( but that is basically how Bitcoin operates (save that it can't be intercepted or lost in transit..). We've been conditioned to just fire payments at strangers online and let the banks and merchants sort it out if we don't like the results, but if you would not trust securely mailing cash to a business then you should not trust sending them your bitcoins. Your options of recourse if you don't like how things turn out are about the same.
So, I am sorry you've been burned. I hope whatever adventure you choose next proves more to your liking though. :3
@_date: 2013-04-06 08:43:44
Right.. so what did I say that was sexist?
*quick peek* oh, sorry. Didn't realize SRS was namesquatting coinbase now. Forget I asked then. :3
@_date: 2013-04-24 21:54:34
* Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy.
* In addition, vote manipulation is [against the Reddit Terms of Service](
@_date: 2013-01-27 00:25:17
Your statement makes me curious what LTC market cap is. I see it's trading for roughly $0.06usd per unit, but I don't know how many units there are and I can't find any decent graphs. :/
@_date: 2013-07-17 18:53:31
[Coinbase]( [VirWoX]( [
What have you got against LocalBitcoins, anyhow? ;D  They do support non-local, online transactions as well. Have you checked that out?
@_date: 2013-04-05 23:56:21
Yeah, but when you're mining ASIC before anyone else has one you've got a money faucet whose revenue is a function of time and hashpower. That time function is lost if you either spend time setting up round robin or spend time "experimenting" with throwing hashes at a pool that kicks back a bunch of stales or hardware errors due to lurking incompatibility with your mining rig.
That's why I'm thinking Jeff or Luke or one of the devs with ASIC could take a little while certifying their rigs against the popular pools, or building some test cases pools can then adhere to. Core devs have the most to gain helping stabalize the economy and prevent 51% PR issues, they're the fastest to make assessments such as this so they'll see the shortest downtimes, etc. :J
@_date: 2013-08-31 07:45:10
The primary reason that hash algo would change would be if SHA256 lost it's security. Your mining hardware would be meaningless if somebody wrote a GPU algo that defeats SHA256 and thus emulates a zillion terahash of brute force, wouldn't it? ;3
@_date: 2013-04-07 23:29:40
Next question, why is 2.5 minutes a sweet spot? You could always invest in Cosbycoins with 1 picosecond average confirmation times.
Why is favoring personal computers over large machines helpful, and in what way does LTC practically deliver on that promise? I tried litecoin mining by CPU to get a measurement, and even on an 8-core 4GHZ blade with 32GB of RAM it couldn't break even on $0.11usd/kwh electricity. Thanks to rising unit price I can temporarily make 20% profit over electricity today mining Bitcoin with my 460GTX graphics card (not so with LTC), and 10 times that profit mining bitcoin vanity addresses. 
@_date: 2013-04-04 23:26:56
I never said they were the same thing, I was just challenging your ridiculous "cannot tell the future" schtick. Everybody tries to level this against Bitcoin, as though no investment is sound without prognostication. I was merely illustrating that you can make a very well educated guess on what will happen based on the fundamentals. Yes there is risk, there will always be with any investment, but there's nothing uniquely "unknown" about them.
@_date: 2013-01-15 22:59:22
Sounds a little bit like cars are actually devious machines built by the illuminati to shred the precious asphalt of our glorious interstate highway system. :J
Does automobile traffic wear down asphalt? Why sure. But the asphalt literally serves no other purpose than to bear the burden of automobile traffic.
Does the intensive computational burden of bitcoin bookkeeping pose an interesting, self-funded way of challenging the integrity of SHA-256 by financing the adoption of cutting edge technology to brute force it? Yes, of course. But that is surprisingly one of the design goals of SHA-256, to be able to bear that precise burden.
For some insight as to why directly brute forcing an SHA-256 will *always* remain outside of the capacity of classical computing, [check out this quick write-up](
@_date: 2013-09-12 22:52:45
My post was asking: *How* is this done?
I do not understand why you wish to hold us accountable for performing a feat before a deadline while there is no clear path to performing it.
@_date: 2013-05-09 10:06:50
You appear to be repeat posting this link every few days. Once should be plenty.
@_date: 2013-11-23 07:14:02
To buffet the volatility of bitcoin when spending it, just buy a commensurate amount via Coinbase. Before or after doesn't even matter, as Coinbase allows instant buys now.
Then instead of "Doh! I should have held onto that 0.XY BTC, it's worth zillions today!" you can say "wewt, I have the same bitcoin balance now that I did then, and I spent off some of that depreciating USD" and drink some gorram Champagne instead. ;3
@_date: 2013-04-30 22:01:08
Do not use URL shortening services: always submit the real link.
@_date: 2013-07-16 09:02:40
Checks, nope I don't see any replies either.
I'd recommend sending pms to the other mods, really. Modmail normally gets somebody's attention, but in case it doesn't I'd say it's either indicative of apathy or of mistaking the message for one that somehow doesn't apply to them. The reason I didn't reply is that I normally don't involve myself in layout issues, I've traditionally focused on adjudicating posts. :J
@_date: 2013-11-14 18:39:51
Have bitcoin? Want to buy thing? (Burger King, Staples, Papa Johns, Red Robin, Marriott Hotels, Amazon, hundreds of others)
Gyft. Transaction complete. :P
@_date: 2013-08-30 22:16:30
That is correct, which is why NSA is dumping enough money to continually feed and clothe over a half a million 4-person families in the united states (EG: almost 1% of our entire population) into the effort to find said flaws.
I don't mind that such effort is undertaken in general; our crypto can only be hardened by attacking it which gives us harder and more resilient crypto over time. However, heaven knows if the NSA will share weaknesses with the rest of the cryptography community or just try to exploit them and endanger everyone in the world with their hubris; as they've been predisposed to do over the past decade.
@_date: 2013-03-02 03:36:50
That sounds like a lawyer's playground right there. Good catch! xD
@_date: 2013-03-23 23:33:53
strokes beard in thought. What is the price on Localbitcoins right now? How much market depth?
@_date: 2013-11-22 02:34:25


I *also* like adjectives! :D
@_date: 2013-03-01 21:52:03
When I check right now, they say "$34.45" which is the exact best bid prie on MtGox. *shrugs*
@_date: 2013-02-25 01:34:53
Fiat and gold **do** require personal Id. I buy 1oz gold at the local trader in fiat, they are legally obliged to record my state issued id with the transaction. 
Welcome to the white market, dawg. 
@_date: 2013-02-22 05:25:28
Well, for comparison look to the diamond market, where De Beers stores 100x as many diamonds in a vault than there are in circulation, for no reason other than to enforce artificial scarcity.
They're not changing the number of diamonds that exist on earth, but they sure are increasing where the demand curve hits the supply curve. I say it's by artificially moving the supply curve by way of "freezing" an overwhelming majority of the supply.
@_date: 2013-05-07 21:53:46
Hello Luke, please observe our rules in the sidebar:


Thank you.
@_date: 2013-06-18 00:02:25
We're saying, in any situation were you *do* have a say in how much stretching goes on on hardware you control to protect your passwords, your users' passwords or your canned encrypted files; you'll always be best served by using as much stretching as your single-shot login scenario can stand. Additionally, that case A with more stretching than case B is going to be a better option (initial comment was PBKDF2 &gt; SHA1).
We're not claiming that there exists any HMAC scheme that allows boneheaded passwords to be a good idea, and we're not trying to rain on any of your fine general wisdom about how not to make your password completely stupid or about any tools that might help you measure the effectiveness of passwords schemes. But we are offering a tool which adds a dimension of aid so that everyone isn't just forced to memorize 256 bit passwords in every case. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-01 02:44:23
yip, down here too 3 hours later.
Domain name resolves, but the IP it resolves too does not reply to ICMP or  nmap on any of the common ports. :O
@_date: 2013-01-05 02:02:10
I agree, there's a very strong market in our community for anything self-sufficiency related. I know there's [FireSteel]( [BTCBunker]( and [SurvivalFood]( already in this space. But the more the merrier and you've mentioned some ingenious ideas it doesn't sound like they already cover.
Straightforward as all hell, I love it. :D
@_date: 2013-02-02 17:00:04
Now go do some learnin. :P
@_date: 2013-08-16 19:45:43
Thank you for posting, but what is this "server" you talk about? Do you mean an Amazon S3 virtual instance, or some other component?
Also, I'm sure I'm not the only one wondering so what sets this service apart from providers using similar strategies like [mega.co.nz](
@_date: 2013-05-15 08:23:32
That is the meat and potatoes of our not seeing eye to eye on this, isn't it. Why in the world would you discourage your daughter from becoming an adult performer if she expressed interest of her own accord? I suppose you'd also tell her she can't be a scientist or a pro wrestler, because those just aren't lady-like?
I would make sure she understood the list of risks involved, I would make sure she understood how many yorrick21's out there would pass judgment or how this might easily thrust you to the forefront of the radar for mtgox thieving script kiddies or anyone who objectifies or white-knights those who express their own agency.
I would let her know this marks her as "undesirable" to the segment of the population who thinks that gays shouldn't marry, which adds up to quite a lot of people and employers and landlords and redditors at least for the next generation or two.
But you do what you love and it's quite apparent that only one of us pair can comprehend the joy of exhibitionism. :3
@_date: 2013-02-22 06:50:55
poster meant the incumbent banking system, in contrast to Bitcoin. :3
@_date: 2013-04-17 20:07:18
* Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy.
@_date: 2013-06-14 00:58:31
Haha, no prollem. :3
Reminds me a little bit of [Disco the parakeet]( :D
@_date: 2013-05-16 04:46:09
Just glanced this way.
There might be a point somewhere in that wall of condescension, but I don't have waders to go looking for it. :P
@_date: 2013-02-19 01:08:33
TIL there exist those with the fetish of taking exactly that to their lawyer. 8I
@_date: 2013-10-31 16:36:26


Are they also faster than an ATM? I appreciate the hell out of Coinbase's "instant bitcoin buy" feature they are beta testing, but if you have 1 BTC and in an emergency need to get 200 units of national currency out of it to pay some sudden bill.. perhaps while traveling.. How are these exchanges going to help you?
Bitstamp and most other exchanges only allow fiat withdrawals through international bank wire. So expensive that 3% fees are dwarved unless you're gulping down thousands in fiat, and 3 days fastest possible delivery time. Coinbase takes *six days* for their ACH withdrawals to clear.
The only faster option among these exchanges to buy Bitcoin with fiat is Coinbase's "you've jumped through three tiers of AML hoops" instant buy feature. Short of jumping through those hoops, 6 day delay + significant chance of transaction reject. Same 3 day wire fees and wait for the other exchanges.
LocalBitcoins can be fairly quick, but you have to rouse another human out of bed, negotiate terms with them, and meet with them to complete the exchange. ATM is always awake, never otherwise engaged and always has well defined terms of sale.
Sure it would be better still if it was as anonymous as the cash you're already feeding it, but we know that nation states will never abide by that. :P
@_date: 2013-08-23 12:01:57
Yeah, automod is in python.
It's not designed so that adding things is either difficult or requires knowing python though, I'm guessing that the boss chafes at adding rules either:
A&gt; because of potential for rule to bleed out and nab a ton of false positives (we've had that happen recently and it was quite rattling)
or B&gt; because as soon as the spammers notice they're nailed quickly they just move to a new shortner to make us ban that one, in order to try to drain our attention.
Automoderator doesn't presently track the redirect targets. [I've asked after that]( before and the author's response was:


A different bot, does follow redirects though. We modded him, but just prior to doing so he broke and he's been offline now for like a month.
@_date: 2013-02-05 03:07:22
I have considered that idea in different payment platforms as well, but the problem is that the cost of freezing that type of security deposit with a third party is mathematically guaranteed to be greater than the cost of a delay moving funds. 
Look at it this way: If you really wanted instant access to a maximum of X BTC, why store a security deposit with Coinbase when you could just as easily squirrel away X BTC into a buffer address? And if you wanted to trust coinbase with that, you could let their BTC balance *be* the buffer address...
@_date: 2013-08-01 00:04:02
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy.
I recommend [Coinbase]( (for US customers). If you're tier 2 verified, you can purchase BTC instantly with very low fees. Alternately, [Localbitcoins](
@_date: 2013-05-07 08:14:37
It was bot spam, parroting your title. :&lt;
@_date: 2013-04-18 20:25:00
I don't know about whether the quoted price is fair or not, but I would be skeptical about how they can guarantee delivering the product to you, especially in a fashion timely enough to be worth 4 times what buying a fresh batch 3 model would be.
@_date: 2013-02-25 05:48:55
You mean Diebold? õ_O
@_date: 2013-03-08 02:35:15
It's never better to give the answer than to question the assumptions.
What leads you to believe the network relying on transaction fees would require fees higher than paypal? By 2140 when "the last coin is mined", one imagines Bitcoin transaction volumes would have to be orders of magnitude higher than they are today in order for it to still be relevant at all.
@_date: 2013-04-25 22:22:10
Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-02-20 00:33:30
You're plea not to be tipped reminds me of [this]( x3
I'm sorry to hear of the troubles of course, just hope you'll find some different ways to brighten your day is all. :B
@_date: 2013-02-16 01:47:38


B-b-b-but, jewelry and electronics! *feigned shock*
I think their problem is that they know there are some farcical default uses for PMs (farcical compared to their current exchange rate), and they do not perceive the default use value of Bitcoin insofar as paying Miners Transaction Fees. No other currency can pay that piper, and that piper powers a notarization network unlike anything else the world has ever seen. 
Game, set, match.
@_date: 2013-05-02 04:50:22
I suppose so, but one obstacle I have heard about from here is that the sellers on SR have to pay a high fee just to become a seller. :S
@_date: 2013-02-25 23:36:57
That gets tougher if you expect to transact volumes of data Tor can't accommodate.
Tor is a bit of a tragedy-of-the-commons sort of medium that way.
@_date: 2013-04-08 04:09:09
And you can send Bitcoin to people via SMS as well, [localbitcoins]( offers just such a service to simplify face to face exchanges in public places without wifi or data coverage.
But I don't see how mobile phones relate to Litecoin having moderately faster block release times than Bitcoin. Litecoin also has significantly higher blockchain bloat, at &lt;1% the number of transactions as Bitcoin it's still only 1/6 the blockchain size. Blocks come 4 times sooner, but first confirmation is also 4 times easier to fake, brute force and finney than Bitcoin at the *same* difficulty level, let alone Litecoin's current paltry difficulty level. 
Face it, faster confirmation times do nothing but gum up the system with wasted layers of bureaucracy. Nobody is going to wait in line at the grocers or in front of a vending machine for 10 or for 2.5 minutes (average) per transaction. Any transaction that's time sensitive is too time sensitive for either of these and every transaction that's high volume isn't time sensitive enough to care which one is employed.
@_date: 2013-03-21 22:47:22
So you'll let us escrow the funds for 6 months? Because that's how long after a transaction Paypal will allow buyers to commit chargeback fraud, if not longer.
@_date: 2013-07-02 22:28:17
I'm curious if you find flaw in any of the points mentioned on that page? I have not encountered it before, but just browsed through it and found that it lines up with [my independent observations of OpenCoin](
People do not require compensation to repeat things that they honestly subscribe to. I'm curious to know what you subscribe to, and open to discussion on the matter if you feel the points mentioned on that page (or in my comment) aren't fair or somehow don't tell the whole story.
@_date: 2013-04-04 19:58:21
I just see Litecoin as another parody of Bitcoin, similar to "Cosbycoin".
As for Namecoin, that sure would have been nice if it was actually built well and had active development. :P
@_date: 2013-09-10 23:48:28
Upvotes for awesome picture of train drawn by younger self. :D
@_date: 2013-07-10 09:46:58
I think it replies when it sees any bitcoin address in a comment, with a breakdown similar to the one you'd see on [blockchain.info](
I'm not a fan. xD
@_date: 2013-02-20 16:23:33
As with all Bitcoin introductions, I personally recommend carefully spinning the mining aspect. For example, call it "Bookkeeping" if you can, and try not to allow unwashed minds to confuse that with "the only viable way to participate in Bitcoin" or "a way to get free money".
Too many new users seem drawn to the currency because they think they're the first one with the vision it takes to download and run a program on a computer that's decent at playing Skyrim, and then they get incensed to learn that this is a dead end to the money fountain they were hoping for.
Bitcoin is a currency like any other, it always has to be earned or purchased just like Dollars or Yen. Mining (or Bookkeeping) is just one more way to earn your revenue, and like any other job it's expensive, thankless, frankly risky and entirely unnecessary to practice just to use Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-07-18 22:53:45
So I should look suspiciously at the local garden shop, who sells rat poison willy nilly to anyone who trades her money for it? ;3
@_date: 2013-01-03 23:25:03
I am confused why people don't like this graphic actually. I like it, it appears to tell the story well enough in terms which are meaningful to the end user, without getting derailed by technical dead ends like mining (ahem "bookkeeping") or implementational details. :/
What about it seems dangerous?
@_date: 2013-06-20 00:27:22
While I cannot weigh in on that, since you mention "finding yourself on a list" I figured I'd point out that your reddit account appears to be shadowbanned.
How to tell: log out, then look at your profile page It will 404.
What to do about: I recommend [Sending a message to the Reddit Admins]( and seeing what's the matter with your account or if you've done something to break the [rules of reddit](
@_date: 2013-02-05 16:09:45
Additionally, there may come a point down the road where said reseller could leverage volume and reseller discounts to offer BTC prices cheaper than USD alternatives. :3
@_date: 2013-06-30 15:52:38
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
Perhaps try @_date: 2013-01-29 22:01:38
Ah ha, it's that thing, then.
And it's strange, because I think you can tip fewer BTC than the equivalent of a dime. Let me 'speriment:
+tip 1mbtc
EDIT: orly, so "You must tip more than 0.10 USD or 0.01 BTC". That's that then. :D
@_date: 2013-04-16 23:41:01
Do you have any criteria by which you can match Bitcoin to some definition of Pyramid scheme, or are we simply name calling for fun, now? :3
@_date: 2013-07-14 07:20:51
[SHA-256]( is a cryptographic hash. Cryptographic hash is a variety of Checksum hash. A Checksum hash is designed to take an *unlimited* amount of data as input, but always output a fixed length result. SHA-256 outputs a 256 bit hash as it's result, but the input can be limitlessly long.
When a GPU or ASIC chip is doing billions of hashes per second, the entire proposed block is fed into the SHA-256 algo, and it's hash comes out. That document hash is fed to the chip.
Chip takes doc hash, adds a nonce onto it, tries to hash again. Checks result. Lower than limbo bar? No? Try tacking a different nonce onto that first document hash, and try again. :3
@_date: 2013-07-10 20:35:45
Don't forget [HARP Cafe, Portland OR]( :3
@_date: 2013-09-27 23:12:11
* *Visit 1*
* *Visit 2*
* A letter clarifying that both previous visits couldn't find a damned thing wrong, and thus was probably a clerical error on the part of the IRS, so please disregard.
* Seizure.
If IRS's only concern is the method and amounts of the deposits, then how are they going to visit twice without addressing that, or warning that that deposit pattern is against the law, or offering alternate suggestions to comply with insurance requirements?
@_date: 2013-11-14 18:55:40
This is a curious idea. Something like a "maintain x-&gt;y balance" thing.
I could see a user configure "minimum balance to maintain" field, say 1BTC as an example, and "maximum balance to top up to" like 1.5BTC.
Whenever this feature is active, when user drops below 1BTC it autobuys through ACH to bring pending balance back up to 1.5BTC.
The convenience of a feature like this could also encourage more users to maintain a balance at Coinbase whereas otherwise they may be trained to always withdraw 100% to a personal wallet and leave their Coinbase balance at zero. :3
@_date: 2013-02-18 12:02:36
Most supercomputers would be very inefficient at bitcoin mining. Capable of mining, yes.. but they would pull a lot more power per megahash than even a residential GPU, and nowhere near the efficiency of an (residential) ASIC or FPGA dedicated to Bitcoin mining.
@_date: 2013-03-19 15:13:58
JP Morgan fractionally reserves gold and silver certificates which trade on the market with regular gold and silver. Precious Metals can't be easily transported and thus cannot be easily traded without this kind of counterfeiting and third party supply inflation.
Bitcoin has equal fluidity to any certificate for it, thus is largely proof from price variation due to fractional reserve inflation.
@_date: 2013-06-13 21:27:03
Rofl. I'm just a subreddit mod meself, not an admin. All I'm doing is letting folk know where the dangerous bits are, so that they don't run afoul the admins. :B
@_date: 2013-01-14 06:29:04
Do you mean you wonder how profitable mining for non-asics will be?
Over the next four years, all miners combined will earn a maximum of 3,600BTC per day, plus voluntarily offered transaction fees. That prize will be distributed fairly evenly per GH. ASICs do not change this revenue, they do nothing but allow the miners who possess them to employ more GH per kwh of electricity and per dollar of hardware investment.
At the end of the day they allow the combined network to have more terahashes total for the same electricity and hardware expense. That's a huge plus for network security, and it's only a minus for those miners who aren't interested in upgrading to the latest mining tech.
EDIT: I was going to take this piece of the puzzle (technology curve lowering per transaction cost over time) back to the "Help me understand transaction fees and how they will save bitcoin" thread, but then I saw that that was your thread to begin with. :Q__
Okay, so ASIC's flooding the market drop the transaction costs required to keep the current global network power where it is down by about 40x. Alternately, they allow the network to grow up to 40 times as powerful at today's subsidized transaction fee. :3
@_date: 2013-01-08 18:41:41
it turned four years old in 2009? :O
@_date: 2013-08-23 10:49:27
In what way is this spam?
Per the rules in sidebar, merchants who accept bitcoin are allowed to post advertisements for their wares, as long as the advertisement also constitutes "news". One example of news would be "I am a new merchant who has not advertised in this sub before", and another example would be "this product represents something unique or novel to the bitcoin economy itself". Assuming OP's claim is accurate, this submission matches the second example.
@_date: 2013-01-09 20:21:03


wat? Are they miscalculating the market cap here (presently [just shy of $150 million]( or else what valuation are they referring to?
Ugh. I'm basically tired of wall of text "history" and "analysis" of Bitcoin which just tells the same story you're going to see anywhere else — including [Wikipedia]( — with hackneyed op-ed and parades of factual errors and rumors thrown in for bad measure.
I'm just going to start downvoting anything that cannot engage the reader with novel and concise perspectives. I find Bitcoin to be complicated and elegantly beautiful just like physics or mathematics, and all of these fields benefit the most from being illustrated in ways that capture the imagination instead of uncreatively following every causal twist and turn and losing the forests for the trees. :(
@_date: 2013-11-25 10:49:14
@_date: 2013-09-12 22:05:55
Anger is one of many possible appropriate responses when somebody blithely disregards the code of conduct you've taken the time to write out and put on display before they've even approached you.
So I urge you not to feel downcast by our response. Karma flows, both positive and negative. You must learn from your negative karma how to avoid choices you've made which others found hurtful in future interactions.
Peace be with you, and may you find your own path to greater enlightenment. ;3
@_date: 2013-02-22 02:49:37
Awww, I just learnt how to markup to answer the new question before you deleted it. :&gt;
My account is currently Unverified.
 accounts coming soon!
 Account Limits
|Limit Category	|Time Period	|USD-Equivalent Amount *
|All Deposits	|7 days	|500
|All Withdrawals	|7 days	|500
|Account Balance| **	—	|1,000
\* USD-Equivalent Amount means the aggregate amount, across all currencies, valued at
the weighted-average market rate for the previous 30 days, denominated in US Dollars.
\** Account Balance Limit is enforced when making deposits to BitMe.
This limit may be exceeded during normal account use such as the buying and selling of Bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-02-28 22:35:18
I think at least part of the problem with the view that you propose is that you think there *is* a zero. There's not. There has never been in the history of mankind a single currency that has remained perfectly stagnant against the consumer price index; it's literally not possible.
Even the US Dollar fluctuates wildly. How wildly? [Look at this silver chart]( [Now look at this gold chart]( Every move that's matched between those is really a move *in the USD they are measured against*. You just don't get to see these fluctuations in the US market because US vendors eat them and adjust prices over a very slow (usually quarterly average or slower) pace for the benefit of their customers.
@_date: 2013-08-30 20:09:30
It also explains your post being removed.
Perhaps try @_date: 2013-01-09 20:09:39


So their ostensible goal is to be able to allow anyone with spare android gear to commit that gear to become control panels for mining rigs which otherwise only communicate via USB. They also claim you can run this platform from your phone or tablet to remotely access, monitor and manage your mining gear and it's meant to centralize management of multiple devices.
None of this suggests I am endorsing that they actually *plan* or *do* these things, but I argue details from Lord of the Rings, Homestar Runner and The Bible just as frequently. I enjoy curating the internal consistency of narratives, whether fictional or factual. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-03 23:10:28
Not to be nosy, but would it be possible for you to publish the address you meant to send to and the one you ended up sending to here in comments?
I am the curious. :O
Also, if it's a weakness in the checksumming algo devs may take an interest as well. :J  Enhancing the address format isn't entirely out of the question.
@_date: 2013-04-30 07:48:18
Aww, c'mon man. But we want you on our side! :D
+tip $5
@_date: 2013-02-13 01:40:03
Don't worry, [old Mater's gotcha covered]( :D
@_date: 2013-04-12 01:35:27
What does that mean though?
At time of close, market had a list of outstanding orders. Or no list. Not too relevant, really.
At time of re-open, those orders are live again and people can market order against them. If there's nothing to market order against, or a big spread with nothing at the price you want, then you advertise what price points you want to trade at with limit orders and wait for somebody else to complete the circuit.
If the order book starts up empty, and the first few trolls satisfy self orders at $.01usd or $100,000,000 usd, then everybody ignores that because nobody else actually wants to trade at those price points. If people start a vortex of trading centered on a price point for some reason very different (higher or lower than) other exchanges, then arbitragers step in to profit from smoothing out those differences.
@_date: 2013-02-05 16:03:14
Well I can't penetrate your thought process, so instead of altering Bitcoin to get around your magic "pay attention to what I mean instead of what I say" laws, I'll just start using litecoins instead. That's not a silly trick, that's a different currency.
Incidentally, this thread will go on for a long time since you're just going to make me repeat everything I've said one tiny nibble at a time since you weren't bothered to read it the first elevent times.
@_date: 2013-06-03 06:58:15
Mining software runs very autonomously. Hardware owner, be it ASIC or FPGA or just GPUs, configures machine and feeds it electricity and switches on the mining process and then for the most part just walks away.
Software / hardware crashes or overheats? Yeah, then you'll need to intervene. Also there are tons of levers available to the owner to tweak, optimize and maximize returns:
* Mining minutia (intensity, number of threads, work size, which actual software you care to run, how it will be monitored, etc)
* Which pool you want to operate in or just run your own pool (different pools have different payout strategies, and it behooves miners to avoid any one pool growing too large) 
* Hardware considerations like cooling, securing the cheapest electricity available to you, dealing with insane amounts of environmental fan noise, etc
@_date: 2013-01-16 22:00:26


Just as directly, all people who try to transact with these customers would be exposing liability. If Alice purchases a cryptocard and hacks it to double spend, and then tries to do business with Bob offline, Bob can wind up with a counterfeit, doublespend transaction Alice's hardware claims is totally legit.
@_date: 2013-01-19 01:26:26
Lol. Additionally, if everyone used the BitcoinQT wallet and/or followed the recommendations in the whitepaper which BitcoinQT expresses directly via code, then no public key would virtually ever be used in more than one transaction. EG, spawn a fresh address for every incoming transaction. One assumes that all transactions will close at some point and thereafter stop getting new payments sent there, and empty every address in a spend sending change to another new address. :3
@_date: 2013-09-16 20:59:22
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
To facilitate trades, I recommend [BitMit]( [Localbitcoins]( (name not relevant; they support and escrow for arbitrary non-local trades as well!) and Freenode 
@_date: 2013-01-16 09:11:38
I use VirWoX regularly, and every time the complete chain of fees and losses from CC or Paypal USD to Bitcoin in my wallet never exceeds 6% at volumes of $50usd (should be slightly lower percentages at higher volume). 
Have you considered just selling the giftcard on [Bitmit]( That ought to get you pretty close to face value. :3
@_date: 2013-03-19 21:37:51
* News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news.
@_date: 2013-03-08 02:55:47
Well, [you can measure it yourself]( That chart is the number of BTC per day rendered in transaction fees. Compare that to the block reward of 3600BTC per day (25/block every 10 minutes) and you'll see that transaction fees have climbed up to 1.3% the volume of the block rewards, or quadruple the 0.3% in November before the last block reward halving.
We won't even have another halving for 4 years. Where do you think transaction fee volume will be by then? :J
On top of that, keep in mind that any reduced miner profitability simply reduces miner participation until a new equilibrium is reached, since the difficulty would adjust downward automatically. In November the block reward (and with it miner profits) got brutally slashed in half, and the [hash rate]( only dipped ~4TH out of 25 as a result — and then later grew to a new high of 35TH.
@_date: 2013-01-23 05:16:54
The idea of America waking up to price shifts implies to me that the whale might live near Greenwich Mean Time.
@_date: 2013-02-20 19:06:29
I am entirely happy with the idea of The Fed or VISA/MC trying to beat us at our own game. Their expenses will soar in comparison to our zero fucks given as they try to manipulate a market "the hard way" instead of bribing judges or jury rigging derivatives. :3
In any event, *if* they could kill it this way, then they would be left with no reason to try; we wouldn't have posed a threat.
@_date: 2013-09-13 00:13:32
Thank you, post un-remove't. :B
@_date: 2013-04-25 05:35:54
Think of Litecoin as the "take it to another subreddit than @_date: 2013-07-03 07:16:32
I'm sorry, OP, you have been trolled by a pack of terrible half-truth's in this poor excuse for an article.
1\. It is true that nobody knows who invented Bitcoin. It is *not* a given that any lettered agency knows, either. *But Bitcoin is 100% open source*. As a result, knowledge about who it's author is is completely irrelevant.
Quick question: Do you know who invented sliced bread? Does not knowing mean perhaps it will poison you? Of course not, the process is completely transparent making authorship irrelevant.
2\. [That]( - [claim]( - [is]( - [completely]( - [and]( - [utterly]( - [ridiculous](
Of course it's possible to buy drugs with bitcoin on the Silk Road. Hard porn? I literally have never heard about any specific avenues to do that. I don't doubt it's out there, but then again the reason is terribly obvious, isn't it?
This is a reliable electronic payment method that allows complete anonymity, so of course one appeal will be to purchase illegal or taboo goods. Duh. Beyond that, claiming that no other uses exist is nothing but trollscience.
3\. What does "Online poker was an option for its use until it was attacked" even mean? The most popular bitcoin poker site, [sealswithclubs]( still looks fine to me. Dozens of other online poker sites still accept bitcoin. If some of them suffer a denial of service attack, then I'm precisely as shocked as hearing that somebody standing outside got rained on.
Reasons any site, virtual currency or not, experiences a DDoS:
* blackmail: "Pay us $X or Xbtc to get us to stop attacking you"
* competition: you're stealing marketshare and somebody else wants to take you down
* But the absolute most common reason? Bored script kiddies.
4\. The alternative is that whoever holds the printing press makes the most money. How is it not right that the people who invest early in an idea and stick their necks out realize the greatest dividends per ounce of effort? What other invention are you jealous that the people who actually thought it up made more money than the rube who only hears about it for the first time 20 years later and brings zero contribution to the table? õ_O
Also, you're not going to convince the same audience who invested in Bitcoin to invest in a different cryptocurrency based on branding alone. The core protocol would have to be inexorably superior in order for people to divest their present holdings. This is called the network effect.
5\. I have no idea what this statement even tries to mean. Bitcoin is sketchy because it involves math and is not shrouded in religion? Be tokin' or be passin', bra..
6\. Bitcoin is sketchy because it is not prepared to kill people in a war in order to vie for dominance against popular national currencies? Why would that be either important or desirable? Should I stop using Subway gift cards because Doctor's Associates Inc makes sandwhiches for me instead of producing bayonets?
7\. I don't care that there are beliefs that bigfoot roams the countryside, and I don't care that the fullness of time will help clarify that belief. I find that trading in verifiable claims is far more profitable, and I urge others to follow suit or be left behind.
8\. Pokerknave.com is not part of polite conversation as of yet, making it untouchable in normal poker table banter which is the standard set to see if something has gained traction in society. I therefore assume that over 99% of the population has not heard of this trashy blog and could not care less about it.
9\. Let's drop the trollish generalism of "*Any* persuasive chatter", and I will otherwise agree with everything in this statement.
Max Keiser does engage in quite "persuasive chatter" about Bitcoin, I also feel he is quite clever and yet still lacks so many social graces that he scares the bejesus out of me *personally*. Nonetheless, welcome to Open Source. Richard Stallman is virtually identical in this respect (the man eats his own toejam at public appearances!), but it hasn't stopped GNU/Linux from taking over servers, smartphones and every small computational appliance ever invented.
10\. Is this point trying to imply there's something wrong with the performance of the Linden Dollar? Or is this just an "I think it's icky because I think this other thing is icky too and they arbitrarily remind me of each other" ad hominem attack?
Lindens are basically naught but the poker chips in the online game secondlife. I've followed them for 9 years so far, and the exchange rate has basically *never* moved from 256SLL/usd. Are you going to have a go at MGM Grand Hotel &amp; Casino poker chips next? Are those ropey or a pile of rubbish, or do they perform the only function for which they are intended: increasing the convenience of gamblers at that casino?
That said, Bitcoin has the following two things in common with Linden Dollars: It is an electronic currency and presently has a small market cap, and that is where all comparison ends. 
And here are my rebuttal questions:
If Bitcoin is so dodgy why does every pokerknave.com article have a gigantic 500x500 image of the bitcoin logo you have to scroll past to read the content, and why does it panhandle it's bitcoin donation address just beneath that?
Why in god's green earth would an author fling so many of his own steaming feces at a community and then close his article with backpedaling saying that he does use bitcoin and that he wants people to contact him to make deals?
To me it simply sounds like a terribly executed ploy to try to sour users on an asset in order to obtain it for himself at a better price.
@_date: 2013-03-30 13:06:58
sounds like autocorrect. :J
@_date: 2013-08-14 00:51:24
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* No referral links in submissions.
@_date: 2013-03-07 13:11:47
@_date: 2013-03-02 01:44:39


I don't know anything about ETFs, but are you talking about a virtual commodity that you buy and sell at whatever MtGox' market rate for bitcoins are? Is that full reserve backed by actual bitcoins? Could ETF owners withdraw in Bitcoin as opposed to selling the ETF?
If not, then is the ETF anything more than a centralized betting system on what will happen to the price of BTC next? If it is backed, then how will ETF coordinator be different from a standard Bitcoin exchange?
@_date: 2013-07-01 22:18:25


There is a limit to that logic, however. What is the cost to the seller of this "payment protection"? If buyer fraud represents X% of your sales, then your price has to increase X% to cover that inevitable loss. That makes X% an insurance *cost* to the customer.
So you're basically saying that customers will always choose insurance over non-insurance, regardless of how well the insurance protects them or what it costs.
@_date: 2013-04-08 05:19:42
That's not even what OP image says.
Little girl is setting her price quite clearly. You're free to prize those bitcoins from her clutches in exchange for a candy store. Why is that a problem?
@_date: 2013-03-21 20:49:06
Looks fine to me on Chrome. What version and OS you running? :3
@_date: 2013-07-10 12:14:27


Basically, breaking up large transactions into smaller ones in order to try to evade reporting responsibilities.
@_date: 2013-07-23 09:43:18
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-06-22 08:38:08
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news.
@_date: 2013-01-23 02:05:10
Also, [difficulty's been predictably *down*]( since the reward halving. :B
@_date: 2013-02-23 02:30:10
I'd be finewith it, out in the middle of the ocean and far from any viable nuclear targets. :B
@_date: 2013-02-01 11:38:45
You don't need an *avatar*, just an account. As long as you do all the trading on the VirWoX site, then you never need to log into the game.
One of the reasons VirWoX can offer a Credit Card option is that they partly rely on SecondLife's well established fraud-prevention infrastructure to protect their operation. 
Good luck! :)
@_date: 2013-06-05 13:26:37
Please observe our community rules from the sidebar:
* No referral links in submissions.
* No compilations of free Bitcoin sites.
@_date: 2013-03-16 21:24:45
Well they do say "an unjust law is not a law at all". I think some folk in these parts like to exercise that, by finding methods via which they can choose what laws they are going to honor and which ones they'll thumb their noses at.
For example, taxes don't bother me personally but I thumb my nose at Copyright law; as it pertains to distribution and personal consumption.
@_date: 2013-02-13 06:42:28
Hooray, 6 day transaction about as I'd have expected. :3
But, let's be honest.. you REALLY just posted about it here to help keep them on their toes not to mess with your transaction. Didn't you? *didn't* you? *nudge nudge wink wink*
@_date: 2013-07-03 22:21:30
There is no way in the paypal ecosystem that a buyer can sign away their rights to chargeback, and thus put any seller at ease. The ultimate Paypal chageback scam is just when somebody tells paypal "ZOMG my account got hacked and somebody used it to buy all this crap I don't recognize!"
Additionally, any trading of currencies including (and especially) Bitcoin is solidly against Paypal's terms of service, so should any dispute arise said seller would not only lose the chargeback they would likely have their account frozen if they tried to prove the contrabanned Bitcoin countertransaction succeeded.
So it's honestly safer for sellers to offer you a loan in Bitcoin for 3 days while they wait for you to shift your funds into a form where you can pay them back in a chargeback-proof manner, such as greendot or such. But what reputation you could trade against or what collateral you could offer is a whole other matter. :/
@_date: 2013-04-07 21:46:52
Come on. Let's go some place where we don't have to do one quintillionth of a thing all the time.
@_date: 2013-02-19 19:38:23
Unlike USD, Bitcoin can be owned by you in it's counterfeit-proof, ownership unambiguous form, and it can then be instantly transmitted to anyone from across the room to across the planet at 2am on a Sunday. With USD this is not possible, since you hold it either in the form of bearer's bonds (aka, bills and coins) or electronic balances at a bank open to the public 25-35 hours per day.
Using USD as a yardstick for Bitcoin merchants to price their Bitcoin products is not a terrible thing. This doesn't make Bitcoin useless, because it's still more convenient (scanning a QR code on my phone or clicking a bitcoin URL is simpler than typing out my name, address, and CC details with every purchase), [less expensive]( and more fraud resistant (either with trusted sellers or with Escrow) than USD is.
And the most important advantage is the level playing field. Bitcoin allows anyone to become a small-time bank, payment or remittance processor, international merchant or unique service provider (:D). This low barrier to entry encourages both innovation and genuine competition for customers, since the fundamentals of "how to quickly and securely get a payment across the globe" are already solved at the foundation. As the currency grows the US and other countries may enforce regulations regarding Bitcoin which will be slightly burdensome for businesses to comply to.. but it will still be way easier and less expensive than trying to coordinate with incumbent Bank and CC oligopolies to transact USD.
@_date: 2013-02-09 13:00:33
@_date: 2013-02-20 22:49:09
Current Bitcoin-oriented payment gateways accept Bitcoin, and allow the Merchant to specify what percentage of funds should be deposited with them directly as Bitcoin at a lower cost, and what percentage should be automagically converted into USD and deposited with them at a premium cost.
It would be nice to expand that model to allow Credit Card customers to purchase through the same gateway, except that 100% of the revenue from those purchases would be delivered to merchant as USD, and thus would be more easily charged back from the merchant in cases of fraud (just as Paypal/etc do). Then it's up to the Merchant whether they will allow relatively risky CC payments or stick with flawless Bitcoin payments. :P
@_date: 2013-03-12 10:59:19
I imagine "and then push 0.7.X which keeps the 0.7 codebase, but works around this known issue in BerkleyDB, and any other interface limitations we may not have previously spotted but now had the warning to watch out for"
The people loathe or sloth to upgrade from 0.7 or earlier may do so for fear of new bugs introduced in the extensive 0.8 rewrite. None of those have been discovered, save for this delta from an unanticipated limitation in 0.7. So finding patches that allow the versions to meet in the middle "Sorry bro, I'll try to stop offending you / Oh no worries Bro, I need to toughen up" will clear all obstacles from the upgrade path. :3
@_date: 2013-06-14 21:49:25
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
I'd personally recommend for such trade advertisements; I've had very good response with everything I have advertised in that sub. :3
@_date: 2013-01-03 22:12:44


I'll make this simple for you then. What is zero?
What gross physical event is less likely to occur than 1 to 10^78 against? You voted down my simple and effective illustration of how many micrometers a blade of grass would need to grow to touch the moon, which is only 10^14, because in your own words that would be impossible. 1 to 10^78 is less possible still.
@_date: 2013-01-24 01:51:37
I read this all in Billy May's voice. Was not disappoint. :3
@_date: 2013-02-17 01:25:05


Please explain this point. Western union charges 17% for offering the service of remittances. This is a [$301 billion usd industry]( so why don't you tell me a little more about how speed and distance mean so little?
Perhaps this is confirmation bias, and they only mean little in your narrow view of the world?
EDIT: fixed url link
@_date: 2013-04-01 17:28:22
This is the second time it's crossed $1, and the third announcement on the matter I've had to remove today because of people not caring about the rules. 
Congraturation. 
@_date: 2013-08-22 12:50:46
I'm going to allow this post, even though it does not directly relate to bitcoin, because the implication of "Bitcoin could be used to make donations / remissions without allowing anyone the power to freeze your funds" clear.
However I must argue that the situation may not be as simple as that. Since the US government is seeking to regulate bitcoin exchange businesses with the same anti-money-laundering BS that harrassed this payment, you'll just get the same problem either when the donator wants to convert fiat to bitcoin or when the recipient needs to convert back to fiat (assuming specialist cancer doctors *and* their hospitals don't yet natively accept Bitcoin).
@_date: 2013-04-19 02:46:48
When you buy from a retailer who is well known, they have a lot more monetary value tied up in their reputation than you do in your purchase. Report with decent documentation that they've screwed you and they'll lose more business than they would simply recouping your reported loss.
When you do business with an unknown entity in Bitcoin, you can go with an escrow service to mitigate your risk and still end the transaction once both parties are satisfied (no frozen accounts, no chargeback fraud 6 months down the road..) 2-of-3 escrow (not quite supported by wallet user interfaces yet) makes that transaction even more secure.
Life is better when the autonomous individual gets to choose who they wish to trust, instead of being forced by the platform to trust 1&gt; Paypal, 2&gt; Visa, 3&gt; this or that bank (basically all owned by HBSC and JPM anyway..)
@_date: 2013-03-03 04:31:35
[This guy]( posted in this same forum just 3 hours after you trying to find someone to sell him Bitcoin in Denver, CO.
I know CO is a big state so maybe that's still too far away from you, but it demonstrates that there's activity happening at least.
Good luck, sir! :D
@_date: 2013-03-10 11:19:23
/me also flashes his a2s membership card. :J
@_date: 2013-02-20 21:02:42
For me. I have a smart phone and I default to it's ebook reader when I've run out of bathroom magazines, but I don't try to browse reddit or news feeds from the toilet because it's tougher to get small doses of content or to mark your place. Also, I prefer not having to micromanage an electronic device in a room full of active plumbing. ;3
@_date: 2013-01-09 20:50:20
Well yeah, most markets like Silkroad and Bitmit offer escrow, so there's that. Basically, the current banking, credit card and Paypal systems [force the merchants]( to shoulder 100% of fees related to the processors fighting fraud, but then [do not protect]( those same merchants when the buyer is the one committing the fraud.
Chargebacks are a fundamentally flawed approach compared to Escrow, where with Escrow once all parties are satisfied that the transaction is complete the transaction gets to be *over* and neither party has an opportunity to darken the other's day or perpetrate late-stage fraud.
The other promise of Bitcoin is in empowering the proletariat to become a producer. Ebay and Paypal started with this as a selling point, anybody could sell their knick knacks on a global marketplace and accept payments. Many of my friends are small time digital artists who wouldn't know what to do if they could not accept Paypal payments for commissions. That said, whatever is unfair for the merchant starts to become unfair for the general public when the general public starts trying to sell goods and services.
@_date: 2013-11-22 02:31:21
Ha, even before the Wii I got an Xbox gen 1 for free (while 360 was out) because the DVD player was busted. I modded it into an XBMC media player that was the center of our home entertainment network for seven years. :)
As far as Bitcoin is concerned, speculation brings two things: volatility and value. Volatility is something that makes Bitcoin hard to use as a currency. But do you know what makes it even harder to use, to the tune of complete unusability?
Low value. [As of this writing, our market cap is only 8.3bil USD](
Anyone who wants to move a billion dollars of value in USD, can just put ten million benjis into a suitcase Austin Powers style .. or perhaps purchase a stack of bearer's bonds, or do a bank transfer. Sure they have to sign all kinds of paperwork to prove they legitimately get to move that much wealth in our horrid banking system, but at the end of the day they move the wealth and the receipt on the other side is precisely $1bil USD minus fees. Their one transaction is nowhere near large enough to impact the value of a USD .. not even by a tenth of a percent.
That simply cannot be done using Bitcoin today, because the global network is insufficiently valued. If you think speculators will swing the price, you just try to purchase $1bil USD worth of BTC and watch the price jump around like a chihuahua on meth. You'll eat the entire sell wall off of whatever markets you invade, then either wait to be fed more or take every scrap you're given at made up prices. Once your $1bil USD is drained the remaining price will be stupidly higher than you started, but not higher than the average cost per btc that you paid out of sub-infinite patience.
Then once you give somebody else the BTC, if they try to cash back out to USD they will either wait indeterminate amounts of time to sell it all at a price that could ever get them back $1bil, or they will dump it all into &lt; $0.01usd/btc rates like a firehose emptying a shotglass. Because as much as everybody loves bitcoin, nobody has $1bil USD laying around ready to buy some right this instant.
That problem cannot be solved until the market cap is in the trillions. At that time, volatility will also be a lot lower (on par with precious metals) because no one trader will have enough oomph to move the market any more.
That is why speculation and store of value are more profitable strategies today than use as currency.
@_date: 2013-02-07 22:50:03
Ah, good point. I was running my calculations based on the probably inappropriate idea of a single user trying to mine as her own pool. :B
I'm in much less of a good position to try to calculate the bandwidth needs of a pool participant. Off the top of my head, in a simple pool setup they would not need to rebroadcast to peers, they would only connect to the pool master. They would download either every transaction pool wishes to endorse as they arrived, or a new copy of the block to endorse for every new transaction (the latter providing more fine-grained pool control and a thinner client logic at the expense of a magnitude of bandwidth) and instead of outputting one block of data per ~10 minutes, client would output an entire weak block per share — which may occur much more frequently than once per minute — to demonstrate that they are continually working on the problem.
But 0.4kbps? I know you've run tons of mining stuff so you're in a position to empirically know the figure, but if you'd be so kind can you break down why it would be such a shallow one? :3
@_date: 2013-02-19 20:05:28
MtGox doesn't scare me. Trade locally, son! :D
@_date: 2013-09-11 10:52:11
Yeah, from the perspective of guessing what characters are employed with long, memorable phrases things get more involved anyway.
For example, you start to assume things like words and English words. Character sets don't matter when you can toss around "word" atoms at 2k-800k permutations per atom, and know that simple punctuation patterns will happen in between, like space, comma space, etc.
@_date: 2013-08-12 11:32:48
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
@_date: 2013-07-21 09:15:17
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* No referral links in submissions.
@_date: 2013-07-22 02:49:29
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
For trade advertisements, I'd recommend :3
@_date: 2013-07-16 08:07:56
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy.
@_date: 2013-05-22 01:21:29
Sure, I run several full nodes. I do most of my walking around commerce in light/web clients, but still run the full nodes. As a bonus, I do run my cold transactions by playing the signed hex blob over my full node, too. Though that's more for fun than for practicality. ;3
@_date: 2013-02-05 02:56:41
You may be misunderstanding, stock_blocker first refers to the price of *BTC* going up, and later refers to merchants dropping the prices *for their products* in response.
Both of these events speak directly to an increase in purchasing power, which consumers generally view as a good thing. :B
@_date: 2013-03-14 18:56:29
I'm sorry. From the sidebar:


So I've had to remove this post. The proper forum to advertise the umbrella of cryptocurrencies is in Discussion of other cryptocurrencies here is fine so long as they meaningfully involve or compare Bitcoin in some way, but we've been fighting a flood of trolling and off-topic advertising since the recent litecoin price bump.
I hope you understand, I don't wish ill to your efforts or anything, but we just don't want our community to become an advertising space for forks any more than Debian would want Ubuntu/Canonical announcements all over their forums. ;3
@_date: 2013-02-19 01:12:59
BitMe is currently in maintenance mode, please check back later
Prolly that [Russian DDoS business from this weekend](
@_date: 2013-09-10 09:06:26
How do you depost/withdraw there? Is it all by wire, or do they have other methods too?
@_date: 2013-02-16 00:43:11
+tip 0.02 btc
@_date: 2013-04-29 02:09:25
[More than enough]( for all contemporarily imaginable permutations of "enough". On an order of magnitude roughly on par with the number of elementary particles in the known universe.
@_date: 2013-03-20 19:45:58
That sounds like splitting hairs to me, but once market cap has grown enough and acceptance has grown to enough locations then we can do away with measuring things from moment to moment relative to another currency.
In the meantime, given deflationary expectations accepting Merchants who are long on Bitcoin do well to use an exchange rate higher than the popular MtGox rate, in order to encourage orders via the value-appreciating currency. They can even tweak this rate in realtime (eg, via algorithm) to encourage the volume they'd like to leverage against shorting fiat.
But that's the short term. You have to live with the fact that the currency will appreciate at least until it has appreciated sufficiently to stand on it's own power, just as a child will inconveniently continue growing out of their clothes until they become an adult. :J
@_date: 2013-02-14 04:52:03
Dear Matthew Lynn:
* Amazon coins are not currency, they cannot be traded amongst private arties. They are only micro- gift cards.
* [Gresham's Law]( doesn't work the way you're trying to explain it. Per Wikipedia, it only applies when an exchange rate is set by law, which isn't happening in any of these cases.
* In short, cetnral banks may or may not worry about Bitcoin, but I don't think they're precisely concerned about gift cards at this point. 8I
@_date: 2013-07-08 02:12:51


Sounding ridiculous to us doesn't prevent it being a potential motive of OpenCoin or their most dedicated supporters. In our sub, we've got the sidebar rule "Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere" primarily because of the number of people who try to force spamvertisement of their favorite alt coins in front of the audience we've worked to build. I think the temptation for other cryptocurrencies even less known than Bitcoin to drag us down in order to build themselves up is quite strong.
We often have to remove submissions relating to Ripple for the same reason, but we've allowed this submission because it does a good job of at least pitching mutual gain for supporters of both systems. In the comments we can debate the effectiveness of such a course, but OP in particular isn't doing anything obvious to try to attack us. :)


Yep, by "premined" the intent is certainly that XRP is "printed" exclusively by a single organization endowed with a realistic conflict of interest to manipulate the market of that specific currency to their own short-term profit. I do understand that the ostensible centerpiece of ripple is allowing users to issue their own credit as sub-currencies, however IIUC all ripple gateways so far and into the known future are also owned by OpenCoin. That means that currently, and at least until OpenCoin chooses to voluntarily release the control they presently wield, all issued subcurrencies are provided by them as well.
For example, (and, again, if I understand correctly) in it's current state if you wish to pay person X in bitcoin you have to pay an OpenCoin gateway a Bitcoin and then shift IOU to person X through a potential path of gateways (all owned by OpenCoin) until X then shows a 1BTC credit with OpenCoin in your place. I don't think you're able to directly owe another peer a currency until users are allowed to run gateways.


That's not the most recent headline on prosecution against Liberty Reserve: 


I think the take home here is not to simply take the stated motives of OpenCoin, or of the US Government as read. The important thing is to track what their conflicts of interest are. OpenCoin's ripple is *vulnerable* to centralized attack. It won't matter what motive the US will have to attack them until they make one up post-facto. OpenCoin's ripple is also *vulnerable* to centralized malfeasance. It doesn't matter if OpenCoin totally promises rainbows and kittens so long as those have yet to be delivered.
Bitcoin *is* less vulnerable to central attack, because it exists solely as an ecosystem of users running an opensource software protocol. No one entity controls it, so no one entity can be attacked or co-opted or decide to begin manipulating it. That's the sort of deployment we generally expect out of Ripple as well in order to meet the plimsoll line of our unique brand of paranoia. :3
@_date: 2013-01-05 01:24:07
For this, I wonder if we could get Bitpay or Coinbase to market to them.
"Look, we're not asking you to endorse Bitcoin on your website or anything, but could we work something out so that we could deposit payments into your system on behalf of our shared customers?"
Then these merchants are shielded should any FUD come down the pike about Bitcoin and they aren't investing a lot in PR should there be no volume to support it, but if Bitpay is feeding them a ton of cash they wouldn't have otherwise gotten then it's a tease that they should at least explore some angles to market to them wiley Bitcoiners. :J
@_date: 2013-01-04 22:49:41
Other processing platforms like Bitpay, which do indeed require you to trust the processor with a narrow temporal window on your revenue, do also provide other services I don't believe AcceptBit could match.
1&gt; They offer to convert some or all of the revenue from Bitcoin into Fiat, and then ACH deposit that to your bank in automatic daily batches.
2&gt; They lock the bitcoin price and fiat payout for a 15 minute window to protect the merchant against any price volatility when such a conversion is called for.
And of course, for these services they accept a commission that would at least be more challenging to collect in any AcceptBit model.
You know what innovation might allow the Acceptbit approach to offer similar services to Bitpay? A complex bitcoin payment uri scheme (encodable as QR) which specifies not only "amount requested and single address to pay to" but "multiple amounts to multiple addresses". Then one address could be your deterministic Bitcoin draw, one could be  processor's draw to convert bitcoin to fiat, and a third could be their commission draw. Or 2 and 3 could be combined. :3
@_date: 2013-02-19 03:48:42
People who think they are adding value by aggregating and curating culturally relevant information make me sick, too.
I just don't see why LEA waste their time on pennyweights like The Pirate Bay when they should be taking down the real enemy, Google. Google makes a majority of it's revenue by circumventing the all-knowing content-owner's better judgment and directly enabling the public to discover the knowledge-of-content Google has illicitly accumulated. This also means knowledge of how to obtain content through unapproved channels, knowledge of competitors offering similar content, knowledge of how to "get a good deal", thus starving the content-owners revenue channels, etc.
How can content-owners be expected to turn sufficient profit from their properties to continue financing the creation of new content if these same properties keep realizing how to think for themselves or actively participate in the financing or production of new content?
@_date: 2013-08-16 01:38:24
Hmm. Alright, so what part of using open source software to front-end encrypt your data and to store/retrieve it from Amazon S3 involvs giving these guys $50/mo?
@_date: 2013-04-17 05:30:48
Bitcoins never crashed down to $0.01. One user hacked the Mt Gox exchange and artificially increased his bitcoin balance, and then flash-bought every buy order on the book down to the $0.01 stub quotes. Mt gox freezed trading shortly thereafter and then reversed every trade starting with the hack. This significantly shook confidence in Bitcoin, which over the course of the next [40 weeks]( slowly wound down from $31 to $2-$3usd per coin, the same value it climbed through 4 weeks before the peak of that bubble.
The rest of the description you give does less of a good job describing a pyramid and more of a good job describing "the valuation of any commodity". Selling stock? You've got to convince investors your company is worth owning part of. Invent a new toaster? You've got to convince people to buy it, and you make all the money they pay for it as revenue.
So perhaps I should be asking you: what *isn't* a pyramid scheme according to your charming standards? õ_O
@_date: 2013-03-05 00:16:18
The "pump" of pump and dump does not come from increasing the value through your raw purchase, it comes from generating enough hype in a valueless asset to inflate it's value into something you can dump. If the only way you can increase an already valuable commodity's price is through your raw buy-in, then the only gains you can expect to receive by selling are from the losses you incurred when you bought in.
On top of this, my perspective is that presently Bitcoin is strong while USD is weak, so any sell from Bitcoin to USD is migrating from the up escalator to the down escalator. You are trading your wealth at market value from an appreciating asset into a depreciating asset. How does one profit from doing that?
@_date: 2013-01-19 02:24:30
This is a curious fact. While I am personally against copyright (full abolitionist) I am for responsible trademark law.. and it is true that Bitcoin can allow businesses to profitably do business all while evading trademark disputes, and terribly confusing end-users who just want to go to service X and know what they are getting there.
For example, what happens when somebody runs a site called "bitcoinstore.net" or some other misspelling of Mr. Ver's endeavor, and proxies all the pages from the legitimate site until the bitcoin payment page is shown, where the attacker introduces their deposit address instead? :S
.. well, I guess working things out at the DNS registry level might do the trick, but that is leaning on centralized process to keep things clean for you. What happens if Namecoin and .bit takes off? Domain squatters might become unbeatable, unless we dream up something clever to keep legitimate business clear of that conflict. :3
@_date: 2013-01-06 01:51:51
Ah ha. Well if dethroning or otherwise providing a similar business model to Skype isn't the backbone of your suggestion, then I'd be interested to hear any reviews for [BitVOIP]( or the [other VOIP services listed on the wiki]( :3
@_date: 2013-02-15 02:56:44
How do we know they are really out, and that they don't just have a ton tied up behind cock-eyed zero txn fee, zero confirmation payments from the crazy ad networks? ;P
@_date: 2013-02-15 03:04:41
I haven't pledged anything, I'm just flinging gold at ppl nao. :D
In other news, I want to see a Fractal Glitch now! You should post one to yo. 
(I'd fling gold at you now, but I have to imagine you're already full up. xD)
@_date: 2013-01-16 01:15:30


*shrugs*. Less code to re-write if we ever have to rapidly transition to SHA-512, or another higher-bitcount hashing mechanism? ;3
@_date: 2013-09-23 23:25:09
@_date: 2013-06-15 02:05:12
Alternate option:
Hide it in 10 nickels. Distribute the nickels in many hidden places. Encrypt the wallet with passphrase. Check on them twice annually or some such and replace any lost horcruxi.
Need to access your stash? Just find the closest one. done. ;3
@_date: 2013-02-07 11:57:45
Great. Now I want to go make a site where people can bet on their outcomes at a round of chess. x3
@_date: 2013-02-28 22:21:52


debate mode engaged nonetheless! ;3
It can only be said to meaningfully discourage spending if you already have unlimited wealth at your disposal (such as, unlimited credit). If you don't, then you only have X wealth and you need to purchase Y necessities. Period. It might discourage *unnecessary* spending, but that's only future preference. It might effect where you choose to store your wealth (in USD, a safe bet that loses value at a slow and stable rate, other stocks or commodities, or Bitcoin which is rising for largely understood and inevitable reasons?) but unless you're Uncle Pennybags you're already curtailed in *how much* you can possibly store. 
Bitcoin rising in price cannot discourage you from buying the only thing you *really need* to be buying in the first place, the best it can do is encourage you to invest disposable wealth into it instead of playing hot potato with a deflating currency.
Also, inb4 Keynesians piping in about ["but but spending *is* saving! D:"](
@_date: 2013-06-07 19:54:58
[This link]( was already posted 2 days ago.
We encourage merchants to advertise their services with single postings to our sub, but multiple announcements are not needed unless some unique, genuine services or changes in offerings are going on.
Of course, if you'd like a little more advertising clout there is always [Reddit self-serve advertising]( that can put your business in the sidebar of this or other subreddits at your discretion. :)
@_date: 2013-04-07 21:38:30
I'm happy with the position the hand is in, I see it as an artisitic relationship to gravity. The former image is an object being held haphazardly, likely to fall out of the hand. The latter image is being held up triumphantly.
While you can play with guassian blur, I think you'd get the most mileage out of choosing a font as identical to the first one as possible. There is a chance the crisper text will have a better psychological effect if the font matches perfectly. :D
@_date: 2013-01-11 22:59:37


I don't understand why you would think this? The most recent BTC price fluctuates with every trade. If someone buys BTC at $15 because that's the cheapest sell order on the books, then the "last price" is $15 until another trade is made. Then if somebody sells BTC on hand for $14.95 because that's the most expensive buy order on the books, then the "last price" becomes $14.95 and is clearly lower than the $15 from just a few seconds prior.
@_date: 2013-03-15 21:12:25
[isup.me]( sez:


To be fair, I've heard they've been fending off DDoS recently. So *shrugs*
@_date: 2013-01-17 22:37:54


While the vagaries of Bitcoin "ownership" — let alone value — have yet to be tested in a court of law, I'd certainly not want to be the first person against that wall, either. ;3  Thus I would recommend treating Bitcoin asset hiding like you would cash asset hiding (eg, hide it well or don't try hiding it at all) or else treat jumping through the tax hoops the same way too. 
Once you play with what "ownership" means, like "oh I only have access to the keys" I feel like that's saying "oh, I only have access to that safe containing gold" and you're liable to be tried for robbery once you remove the gold you yourself are arguing you don't really own. ;3
@_date: 2013-08-31 03:51:36
All the layers of encryption in the world won't mean anything if your PC is compromised when you go to decrypt it to spend your coin. :J
Cold storage. My keys exist only on a truecrypt volume on an old, throwaway computer with no network access. (zero physical network or wireless adapters, and all network drivers stripped from OS). I fashion a transaction which needs to be signed on a hot computer, save text file to USB stick, plug USB stick into cold storage computer which is also hardened never to autoplay removable media, and the drive is mounted with file permission override so that leaf nodes never have an execute bit set.
I examine transaction details on cold computer, sign transaction with my wallet keys, store signed transaction back on USB stick to bring back to hot computer and broadcast back out to the world.
All of that would get a ton simpler if the [Trezor]( guys ever deliver on their product, though. :3
@_date: 2013-04-30 09:14:46
Why Litecoin has no place in the community: see sidebar.
@_date: 2013-11-23 07:04:59
No actually it's not, due to the fact that all digital currencies are not decentralized.
Every private, digital currency today except for Bitcoin, it's alts and allegedly XRP have 100% of transactions 100% of the time centrally controlled by a clearing house ledger manged by a single company and regulated and monitored by their local government. Moving more than $X USD worth of the currency engages AML and SAR activities along with fees, identification and documentation, and you will not be allowed to transfer the money "anywhere" as put it, since transferring value to sanctioned nations  or organizations will normally be blocked as soon as it is detected, or there will exist no such avenue from the get go.
In contrast to this, movements of Bitcoin currency are as anonymous as you take care for them to be. Sender and receiver can be truly anyone, anywhere.. the only requirement being a computing device with a moderately usable connection to the internet. Cubans can send $100mil USD worth of Bitcoin to Iranians if they choose, and the only reason NK's cannot get in on the party is simple lack of network connectivity.
And since we're on the subject, I am fairly certain that there are more Bitcoin in circulation today than any other currency save for the fiats printed by a few dozen government bodies directly. SL Linden Dollars are ~0.5bil USD, WoW and Diablo gold are below that. Liberty Reserve got shut down before they were Bitcoin's present size. And nobody can use your currency alone to send more money than exists in the pool. ;3
@_date: 2013-04-29 21:21:17
Please see our community rules in the sidebar.
No compilations of free Bitcoin sites.
@_date: 2013-04-19 21:00:01
Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere. Mayhaps @_date: 2013-03-28 05:50:54
/me shakes head.
Man, that will take at least a day or two.
@_date: 2013-01-07 20:44:53
Okay, still just wrapping my head around what you're getting at. So you mean you are concerned that regular business such as Peapod might be specifically spooked by the gambling industry getting involved in Bitcoin, and the resulting potential damage to the entire economy that Vegas could try to wreak?
If this is an accurate description of your concern, then I don't share it. I am long on Bitcoin because I do believe it is powerful and [sturdy enough]( to put up with hate from the likes of Vegas. Also, I don't think they're going to invest in giving a care until long after the offshore betting traffic has surpassed several magnitudes of our present market cap. It will be on par with how far along Napster got before the Record industry even began to notice, except that it's self financed and decentralized from the get go this time. :3
@_date: 2013-04-24 21:46:58
News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news.
@_date: 2013-01-05 19:00:38
Yep, it looks like [BTCBuy]( is listed on the wiki as doing that.
They appear to serve the US (and there's not a thing wrong with competition should anyone else want to do the same), so what countries would you care to see served? Let's see if there's any more coiners in that area that might like to start something, eh? :D
@_date: 2013-08-02 22:30:19
Yep, it's having some badness happen, that's for sure.
Looks like it's run by K.K. Tibanne (eg, MtGox). I wonder what's the easiest way to alert them of the sityation?
@_date: 2013-08-30 23:40:51
Yeah, all Bitcoin software I am aware of (including bitcoin-qt reference client, online wallets, thin clients, SPV, mobile clients, etc) are able to instantly confirm that the funds you say you are sending where under your control as of the last block confirmation.
0-conf attack is when you send a transaction, it all checks out, but then before the *next* block is signed to ratify your transaction you poison the pool with a duplicate transaction trying to send those same coins elsewhere. It is pretty tricky and difficult to pull off, does not always work, and large payment gateways like Bitpay and Coinbase will be better at defending against this angle of attack than any small-scale wallet would be.
Compare with credit cards. Pay by card, call the bank a week later and claim card was stolen. You get all money back and restaurant is stiffed.
This is the environment that restaurants are *used* to. Bitcoin is *harder* to commit buyer fraud with, which is a *good* thing. ;P
@_date: 2013-05-07 07:47:23
This problem is more a psychological one than an innumeracy one.
No matter how much advanced vector calculus a person understands, we have been trained to treat money in the form of "dollars" and "cents". It takes a lot of unlearning to deal with it any other way.
We're also accustomed to investing in commodities and stocks with minimum investment limits at whole convenient measurements or multiples thereof. Divisibility of a stock is it's own event called a "stock split" and the relief it brings invariably drives up the price. People don't immediately grok that exchanges and OTC make it fall of a log simple to deal in as small a portion of BTC as you choose.
Finally, the name itself: "BitCOIN" a Coin is not usually something you can only partly own or invest in.
@_date: 2013-01-26 06:53:57
[VirWoX]( is cheaper than that, too. Between spreads and deposit fees, withdrawal fees, my bank's interchange fee for paying through Skrill and miners tx fee to withdraw my bitcoins it's still only ~6%. Granted it's a bit more elbow grease, but it's good to know what else is out there. :3
@_date: 2013-01-24 22:37:23
Skimmed over it. Like TIVO fast forward. :&gt;
@_date: 2013-01-11 06:21:12
The obvious advantages of BTC. Of course. :D
To whit: how do you get the USD out of the urthburgle exchange in order to deposit that into the Nugwarts exchange?
What do you do when USD is outlawed on Mars (EG, international banks refuse to trade there, like Iran) and trade pegged on Neptune? (EG, you can only trade it on the black market, like in Argentina)
Bitcoin doesn't require international banking infrastructure and cooperation/permission to transfer value between the different exchanges. It's the perfect busy bee, pollinating everyone.
@_date: 2013-07-10 09:36:45
Recommendation: since this is a self.post talking about a specific URL, try editing the post and pasting that URL into the body somewhere, so that folks can more easily click on it instead of trying to copy/paste from out of your title text? :&gt;
@_date: 2013-09-06 18:14:49
GPG signature would not, however, certify whether author was blackmailed or bribed or co-opted to mislead. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-21 12:37:15


I don't see fraud going through the roof. Implement Escrow, go through the same arbitration process you already do with chargebacks except that buyer and seller sign off at the end of the transaction, no more avenues for fraud (including buyer/chargeback fraud and market fraud :P).
@_date: 2013-01-30 23:34:29
All bitcoins currently in circulation are assigned to addresses. Those addresses can only be accessed to respend via messages signed with the matching private keys. The fact of how much Bitcoin belongs at each address is notarized in the blockchain: a chain of blocks that was both generated by a very expensive distributed computing network over the course of the last 4 years, and whose fact of the amount of effort sacrificed to generate is trivial to confirm via any self-contained computing device in a matter of seconds.
The United States Government cannot offer my bitcoin software a falsified copy of the Blockchain (eg, cannot claim Bitcoin balances exist at fictional addresses) unless they were able to reproduce at least as many hashes as the entire legitimate distributed mining system has produced since the time the transaction they wish to reverse has occurred. This would allow them to double spend coins initially assigned to private keys *they already control*, or undo any other transactions as though the original owner never spent the coin.
Note, doing that would not only allow them to feed *me* a falsified copy of the blockchain, but feed it to everyone worldwide; the problem is indistinguishable. My client operates on 0 trust of any other administrative entity. It does not think the balances are X just because some peer said so, or enough peers said so, but because of the veracity of the proof of work in the blockchain.
@_date: 2013-07-05 05:21:42
That sounds fair. So I screenshotted your log market cap graph, translated July 2011 on top of Apr 2013 and [this came out](
This particular trollcast says we'll never dip below ~~1bil~~ 100mil market cap again, and per unit price might get as low as $20usd/coin come Sept/Oct (with more coins that still keeps the market cap afloat) before slowly climbing back into the $260usd/coin range in late 2014. :J
EDIT: 17chk4u caught that my market cap reading had a mis-placed decimal. :/
@_date: 2013-02-07 23:56:00
So if it *is* a buyers market, then are there other methods to get USD into bitcurex to buy BTC there? :3
@_date: 2013-06-13 19:08:32
It's gibberish with 3 reports, and normally I would remove.
But.. Something about the balance of the je ne sais quoi makes me want to repost it to instead. 8I
@_date: 2013-11-13 18:49:52
But anyone serious about protecting their identities will just tumble their coins anyway.
@_date: 2013-01-04 18:03:41
Well, chart refuses to render properly on my mobile phone. But the top of the scale says 90,000. That's just shy of 10^5.
I can have 10^5 grains of rice in a bag in the pantry. As we discussed a moment ago, 10^44 micrometer sized specs of dust would bury the Earth up to the orbit of the moon.
10^78 is larger than the number of sub-atomic particles in the entire universe. It's physically not possible to build a computing network large enough in this universe to generate enough addresses to stand any worthwhile chance that any pair of those addresses anywhere in the intergalactic network will collide. 
@_date: 2013-04-08 23:45:47
@_date: 2013-06-09 22:47:16
What makes you think this would not happen with direct deposit?
@_date: 2013-06-29 02:08:03
Repeating context again, that was one of the givens in this thread. postulated a world where people buy and sell items in Bitcoin without needing to cash out to fiat at all, to which you asked how you'd pay fiat taxes. In such a world, the direct exchange of Bitcoin&lt;-&gt;Fiat would either be banned or regulated into either impossibility or worthless economy of scale, while the exchange of Bitcoin for goods and services would not be outlawed.
That is already clearly suggested today by [the March FinCen guidance]( and [the June informal clarification by Jennifer Shasky Calvery, director of Fincen]( stating that buying or selling *goods* for Bitcoin does not require you to register as a money transmitter, while selling *any* quantity of Bitcoin and receiving fiat does.
My proposition is nothing other than "you cannot effectively prevent exchange of Bitcoin for Fiat without fully outlawing Bitcoin".. which, to be honest, Jennifer at Fincen has stressed is not their goal at all .. and that won't be a simple position for them to backpedal from now. :J
@_date: 2013-06-27 10:09:02
1: Guh, quit capitalizing the C! It is just “Bitcoin”!
2: Yes. Virtually every online wallet, exchange, merchant, merchant services, or gambling service for Bitcoin will accept your bitcoins from the deposit address and then route those internally and account for them outside of the blockchain.
If you need proof, simply peek at the address that *sent* your 1BTC to the coinbase address. Did it somehow perfectly reflect your MtGox balance?
This is a GOOD THING, because the blockchain is not meant for accounting. In fact, many of the core bitcoin developers (most notably Luke-JR) have gone on record to classify SatoshiDice as abusing the network due to their use of the raw blockchain to handle their accounting. eg, every bet is 2 raw bitcoin transactions instead of allowing people to make deposits and then handling all the bets as internal balances the way most other bitcoin gambling sites do.
What you are asking is on par with being angry that the cash you hand to a cashier gets unceremoniously dumped into the drawer with everybody else’s cash as opposed to being segregated into an envelope. Which brings me to:
3: What good would it do you if Coinbase left your deposit to languish at that deposit address? How would this change the equation of whether or not you “own” those bitcoins, or whether or not there are hoops to jump through to claim them? Ask yourself one question: who possesses the private key to that deposit address?
If Coinbase got co-opted or turned evil or went offline, you’d be no closer to reclaiming your coins if they were left at that address than if they were internally accounted for. You can (and should) periodically still backup your transaction history at coinbase as a receipt of your transactions. The blockchain itself attests to your deposit, so if a legal dispute arose then Coinbase would have to prove what happened to your money after you sent it to them. It’s no more difficult for EvilCoinbase using internal accounting to say your balance was siphoned off to an arbitrary address (and reflect that in their transaction history) than it would for them to actually siphon the coin off to an arbitrary address with blockchain accounting.
@_date: 2013-03-30 18:40:28
Same here.
Need source, figure sounds way too low. &amp;
@_date: 2013-03-21 21:42:46
Euthanize post? ;3
@_date: 2013-02-26 21:44:54
I was sad you did not offer "technocrat" as political leaning. :&lt;
Bitcoin is few things if not technocratic after all. :P
@_date: 2013-02-17 04:36:02
I think they just weren't prepared for everyone's tax refunds coming back. :D
@_date: 2013-06-03 07:20:49
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-01-07 21:41:53
okay, I got 2mBTC from that.
*shrugs*, I'm not sure what that indicates.
In other news, there's not any actual solve a captcha, get X satoshis site out there anywhere, isit? I wonder what the actual market value for that is. ;3
@_date: 2013-07-13 18:46:07
Article's title image is photoshopped, [as discussed in another thread]( Article's title on vice.com is absolutely incorrect. M-PESA is not "embracing bitcoin", and one third of Kenyan's barely have internet access, let alone "have a bitcoin wallet".
Kipochi has simply launched a Bitcoin wallet service that integrates with M-PESA. While that's great, and I'm happy with any articles that discuss the facts of that, this article basically makes things up as it goes.
@_date: 2013-02-10 11:06:02
Well loss aversion is one factor, but I think a more important one is the differential between specific buy in and specific panic.
Getting on the boat as it's rocketing up is way easier than getting on the boat before even the hipsters have heard of it yet. Most people in 2011, by the time they had even heard of Bitcoin or felt it worth possibly investing in, saw the price baloon well past the $3 low it eventually sank to.
@_date: 2013-07-19 01:09:59
Yep, about a month ago Secondlife altered their terms of service so that nobody can sell L$ (accept your L$ in exchange for giving you back USD/Fiat) except for them.
This screwed with VirWoX and similar exchanges pretty badly. VirWoX got accredited as an Authorized Linden Dollar Reseller, that lets them deposit SLL into your account once you've traded it on their platform .. but they have no way to allow you to deposit SLL from in-game with them, which stinks. :P
I would check on [ and look for somebody trading in SLL. It's about as risky as Paypal though, since SLL sellers (such as yourself) can chargeback the SLL in a dispute and Bitcoin seller won't get their coin back. Also, small amounts are a pain for small time sellers so the fees will be high. :J
@_date: 2013-04-28 07:42:01
So, basically [this]( :3
+tip $13.37
@_date: 2013-03-22 15:37:24
Should be no problems backing up your encrypted wallet, truecrypt container and all (hopefully it is encrypted by your software, and not only by truecrypt, yes?) to multiple cloud storage providers.
But the wisdom we're talking about here applies to both truecrypt container and the wallet itself. If you're ready to change your password to either of those, it's safest to do so by making a new truecrypt volume and putting an empty wallet file in there, both with new passwords, and just spend the bitcoins from the old wallet into the new one. :3
@_date: 2013-03-19 21:38:50
Market Cap is the unit price of the good multiplied by the number of goods in circulation, be it a stock or an BTC. :3
@_date: 2013-03-22 00:57:22
I didn't "exactly like" anything, I simply provided a well known counterexample to GP's blanket statement.
@_date: 2013-07-17 23:36:46
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* No referral links in submissions.
It's also not clear whether this is a url shortner or a free bitcoin site unless we were to visit it first, if so then for future reference those would also violate our policies.
@_date: 2013-02-18 05:04:06
That's pretty common. One day, the day will come when Bitcoin is viewed as the stable denomination and USD is viewed to float relative to that. Just not yet. :B
@_date: 2013-03-23 21:27:21
I think the point of a decentralized currency is that "we", the bystanders, don't have any business nitpicking what other people are doing with their money. 
Original comment said that this is tantamount to a statist bank bailout. If you don't care to consider the voluntary nature of how the money got there in the first place, in contrast to involuntary taxation and inflation, then the entire concept of a faucet is statist from the get go.
@_date: 2013-02-13 01:24:05
Does [Paysius]( have an API that matches your needs? [MtGox]( also has a merchant API worth checking out; I'm sorry I forgot to mention that potential last time you asked. :J
@_date: 2013-06-27 18:50:10
What does "Snce your income comes from outside of the legal system" mean though? I'm not talking about running drugs.
Bitcoin is an asset. XYZ is an asset. If there's a law against (or impossibly regulating) exchange of Bitcoin for Fiat, then you trade Bitcoin for XYZ and then XYZ for fiat to pay your taxes with.
How much taxes? Well, all that trading of Bitcoin for rent, groceries, utilities, etc counts as *barter* and you're already legally obliged to report it. So you do. Then use my method to raise the fiat proceeds needed to please the currency-picky tax-man.
Finally, I'm not saying that "Bitcoin-&gt;XYZ-&gt;Fiat" is a realistic solution, just that it's an inevitable solution that demonstrates that the matching problem cannot realistically form. You *cannot* reliably regulate exchange of any 2 commodities (including currencies) in a vacuum so long as alternate exchange routes exist.
@_date: 2013-03-06 14:55:21


Inflating the currency per Keynes forces people to treat it like a hot potato, and never to store their value there. Is that the kind of "facilitate" that you mean, or simple price stability?
Price stability is a natural consequence of liquidity and large market cap. When the entire asset market costs so much that the irrational moves of any single player cannot shift it, and it's liquid enough to ebb or flow to where it's needed (hint: precious metals are not this liquid) then positive and negative impact on it's value will tend to cancel themselves out.


[Except it itsn't](
@_date: 2013-04-06 23:53:28
[WTB]( [Casio GWM5600 wristwatch]( or very similar, new in box only please. I think it's in the vicinity of 0.8-0.9BTC? ;D
@_date: 2013-02-19 15:34:34
Now, understand I am not talking about just tumbling coins by juggling them with another person. I'm not talking about hiding the source of a specific balance of coins. 
I'm talking about when people do analyses and they see that address A and address B were both used as inputs in a transaction, like, a zillion years ago. So analyzer assumes they must be the same person, and that any future spends from those addresses will represent the will of a single administrative entity.
Technique I mention (just to disambiguate from simple tumbling) is to jointly sign a *single* transaction from one or more of your addresses with another person from one or more of their addresses — possibly with small, trivial amounts like a satoshi or three — just to stymie the assumptions of analyses such as those mentioned. :B
@_date: 2013-04-04 17:53:50
What's bitfloor been up to?
@_date: 2013-03-05 22:04:37
Nods. Just one last fine point though, my argument doesn't even hinge upon Bitcoin being classified as a currency or anything more than a speculative commodity. My argument holds regardless of the commodity traded, which was why my illustration in last comment dealt with wool and FCOJ. Selling off any steadily appreciating commodity just because the profit doesn't feel "real" to you until you have decaying fiat in your hands is an expensive prejudice to hold.
It's something that makes sense to me if you're concerned enough about the value of a given commodity bottoming out, like if you're concerned about bubbles bursting or manipulators suddenly deflating an unfair market, but such moves toward fiat (instead of toward a competitively appreciating commodity) belie a long attitude on the fiat. For example, every time you sell off Bitcoin because "who knows if it's about to fail" and then it doesn't, it's like making a bet against the market that you lose. The next time you want to buy back in you're buying at a huge loss.
For everypeople like you and me that doesn't add up to a hill of beans. We bet, we lose, nobody else is affected. But my point in light of a supposed market manipulator is that it's not in their rational best interest to bet against a market which is growing fine without them, and they gain no profit if they pour out money trying to depress it's value, since it's more expensive to engineer a panic to move the price down $1usd than they could ever hope to gain buying coin $1usd cheaper.
Sure, they can buy into a wall and lead a rally. There's just no comparable mechanism whereby their selling back out (at their own loss) could sufficiently hollow the market to lead to a panic; especially not without sabotaging the price *while* they try to sell out.
Net result is manipulator can only make us lose money by sacrificing at least a huge percentage of that aggregate loss in their own wealth in kind. Frankly, those are odds I'm comfortable with. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-09 00:58:44
Problem I see is that we'd need a good rule to define an empty block.
"has no transactions" seems simple enough, but then scumbag miners would deftly cook up transactions to their own wallets to meet whatever minimum criteria you come up with.
@_date: 2013-06-12 23:54:12
Submission removed for [violating Reddit Global Rules]( Please beware spike, the Admins don't have any tolerance to Vote Manipulation by way of linking to anywhere on reddit and asking people to vote a certain way. :S
@_date: 2013-05-14 19:35:50
ROFL at the idea my chill'in could figure out TOR. xD
@_date: 2013-03-04 23:30:26
Correct, also "bitcent" is a more popular form than "centibit", though demonstrably not consistent with SI prefix notation. ;3
@_date: 2013-09-10 20:41:40
My eldest son, who is nowhere near as bright as you describe yourself, gets his allowance in Bitcoin. AFAIK he primarily buys steam games from Bitmit, aircard time for his tracphone, and when he needs stuff you can only get with usd I just proxy that for him.
The reason we've got him on Bitcoin is because those are the things he's always been spending his money on, and previously it's always been an issue of "hand him cash, which he hands back to you and asks you to buy him things online". That and cash getting eaten in the wash, misplaced, et al. ;3
@_date: 2013-04-29 22:00:57
Please see our community rules in the sidebar:
* News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news.
While it may be tempting to post random news bits that you suspect imply many ramifications for the Bitcoin ecosystem, the problem is that the article posted to needs to be *about* those ramifications. Then the article can be upvoted or downvoted depending on whether or not the community agrees with said interpretation.
Linking raw news articles with no mention of Bitcoin leads every person to form their own speculations of how it might be related, and everyone upvotes for disjoint reasons (normally revolving around disgust with things that aren't Bitcoin) creating noise.
We must define ourselves based on what we are, instead of based on what other things aren't. :3
Now if you've a lot to say about how this article makes you feel, and you post about that in a blog citing your sources, by all means share that blog post here and you'll be waved right on through.
Thank you for your understanding!
@_date: 2013-03-27 01:38:10
Unfortunately, I'm sure the people who spam probably won't read or heed your advise. I recommend you downvote them for starters, and if they're breaking the community rules listed in sidebar then report them too. :3
@_date: 2013-06-28 23:22:06
Blockchain.info shows no such collapse:
Are you sure you are not just reporting on a graphing glitch at coinbase, dawg? 8I
@_date: 2013-02-15 13:03:04
I think our current price increase over time is related to the fact that the price used to stay at plateaus between media events, indicating that demand grew in step with supply. But now the supply growth has been unceremoniously cut in half, so I think demand is growing at at least the same rate outstripping supply.
That's the only force I can think of that would lead to plateaus before the reward halving and a flat, steady appreciation after it.
@_date: 2013-01-19 22:48:55
I think, on the one hand they are a small-ish startup and the site obviously relies heavily on a close to stock magento install. Magento is a fine ecommerce platform, but it's not about to outperform Amazon without a lot of TLC.
Also, while they may not always crush amazon on prices they are in the right ballpark, and for us coiners at least when you're holding coin it's cheaper to buy here then convert that all to usd to buy there.
I think it's an excellent first step, with nowhere to go but better. It's not yet enough to drag USD-users kicking and screaming into Bitcoin, but I think with some time and patronage there are presently no better horses to bet on to get there fairly rapidly. :3
@_date: 2013-09-13 10:56:38
I am very sorry to hear that you ran into these difficulties while trying to move an amount of money several magnitudes larger than the United States Government feels that any non-corporate, non-corporation-owning individual should ever have at their command in the first place.
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:36:59
Your proposal sounds like too much effort.
What you should do is just write "Bitcoin" on a sheet of paper, with some of the letters backwards, and trade that to somebody who doesn't know any better in exchange for their deed to the golden gate bridge.
Like you said, you're not a computer person so flooding fuzzy networks with selly dupe orders is wasted effort. The people you admit to be targeting do not require such effort to be hoodwinked, and I'm sure you'd find a way to louse up and send all your front money to Nigeria anyhow.
@_date: 2013-02-10 10:37:47
[More than this many](
@_date: 2013-04-30 09:47:03
Coinbase can't be easy when they are constantly out of stock on coins to sell, either. ;P
@_date: 2013-11-11 21:17:58
Where are everybody's god damned "you are here" charts pointing at a rollercoaster line that falls through the floor "in two weeks", anyhow?
I miss those. *sob*
@_date: 2013-01-11 23:46:20
MtGox requires a lot of identifying information in order to satisfy the AML requirements they impose, [one reddit user]( recently noted that one cannot meet their AML requirements without giving up sufficient data that Gox, or anyone who hacks them, would be able to perpetrate identity theft against you directly.
MtGox interfaces with chains of payment processors (I'm looking at you, Dwolla!) with similar tarpits of hoops to jump through and terrible reputations for payment delays. And worst of all, MtGox publishes a deposit bitcoin address to new users and then holds their deposit hostage pending AML inquiry, instead of making new users do all the AML paperwork before offering them a Bitcoin deposit address.
Personally, I'd classify that last practice as extortion. But Bitcoin is an unregulated commodity, so I don't see that anybody would win a court case over it.
If you are comfortable with their cavity-search level AML hoops and have large volumes of money to exchange, or want to use their API to run arbitrage or bot-based speculation, or use their merchant tools then Gox is a fine choice for you. But not all coiners meet that profile, is all *shrugs*
EDIT: spellings
@_date: 2013-02-20 00:53:01
To be fair, OP isn't being clear but I assumed he meant "compromised client empties the local wallet". Multiply that by how many people download it, and yes that could have a negative impact on the network. :P
EDIT: OP clarifies he is discussing my scenario in [sibling thread](
@_date: 2013-09-16 05:19:33
Accordnig to [this log chart]( we've been spending at least 2 months at a rate that sees us increase 10x every 2.5 months.
@_date: 2013-01-29 23:18:00
Aww, poor visa at the mercy of those cruel "third-party service providers". :D
Aside from being glued at the hip to MtGox by way of trading volume and popular customer preference for both fiat exchange *and* quantitive valuation and Tor for popular anonymous gateway access (which are very much social problems instead of engineering problems) Bitcoin gives an exponentially negative number of fucks about any specific third party service provider. :P
@_date: 2013-09-08 07:41:21


I don't hear anybody blaming Paypal when hackers figure out that their password was "hunter2", I hear people blaming Paypal when paypal sends them that lovely letter "We have frozen your account because our records indicate that you might not choose to pay attention and do anything about it and if this fishing trip pans out then, yay, free money for us".
Or for "We don't like how you're spending your money", or "that person who just bought things from you and now has them says his credit card was stole, so we're taking all that money back from you now and freezing your account to boot (in case you don't reply and we get to make a lunch out of *all* of your balances), etc.
@_date: 2013-08-15 20:15:59
This question gets asked a lot.
MtGox, which used to be the major bitcoin exchange which everyone tracked official price from, began having lots of difficulty allowing people to withdraw USD. Currently I think the only withdrawal method is International Wire, which is fairly expensive per batch PLUS people have been posting horror stories of their wire withdrawal never completing.
Lack of withdrawal options creates a vacuum on that exchange skewing the rate. Thus, most merchants and merchant services (coinbase, bitpay, gyft, bitcoinstore, bitcoinin) have stopped tracking MtGox and now track Bitstamp instead.
PS: Arbitrage from other exchanges cannot resolve this, since lowering the price on MtGox inevitably requires withdrawing USD from them.
@_date: 2013-02-25 23:27:05


I'd like to hear more about this point, because blocksize control is mostly about internode bandwidth. Storage is very cheap and easily growing faster than CPU power, which in turn is easily growing faster than network connectivity.
When clients offer 1GB+ of transactions, how do you as a miner not download 1GB of data to process them into your blocks? When another miner offers a block covering 1GB of transactions, many of which you're liable to have never seen before, how do you not download a 1GB block, or huge portions of it? When you have a block to share across the network, and you cannot guarantee what transactions your peers have or have not seen, how do you not transmit 1GB of data to them?
@_date: 2013-03-27 01:23:00
JP morgan naked short sells Silver, I have to believe the same thing is happening to gold. As long as you have to rely on third parties handling certificates for you to trade globally, you have to expect those third parties are also fractionally reserving your commodity.
This is much harder to perpetrate against Bitcoin, because Bitcoin is much easier/cheaper/faster to transmit in it's counterfeit-proof, zero trust state. Every bit as easy, in fact, as any third party certificate one might accept in its stead.
So does the trading value of gold represent price depressions due to certificate-inflated supply?
Bitcoin does not.
@_date: 2013-02-11 23:25:14
9 days is old now? :O
@_date: 2013-08-30 21:01:14
[Here is an entire, virtual world of sand]( :J
@_date: 2013-02-21 12:14:58
[BitMit]( ftw! :D  Sell goods, acquire BTC.
@_date: 2013-02-19 00:58:55
One russian dude interfered with a handful of high profile currency handling and exchange services who all happened to benefit, but in no fundamental manner, the Bitcoin community.
Compare with a couple of weeks ago where one power failure at an Amazon EC2 data center in Virgina took down all VISA credit card processing capacity in Canada for several hours.
You're welcome.
@_date: 2013-04-19 00:46:45
Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
This sub is meant to be a place for news and information related to Bitcoin, not a place for sensationalism and drama about alts to fester. 
@_date: 2013-02-02 14:42:34


Well, they have every incentive to do so. They are politically bouyed by being seen as "tough on crime" and by putting as many conviction notches in their belt as possible. That being the case, if an arrest crosses their desk which is easy for them to procecute, just or not, that's low hanging fruit. All that VRJ has to do is be sitting in an orgy of evidence, and it doesn't matter if it's because he's actually into illegal crap which harms society or just because he's got bad legal hygeine (doesn't know enough to distance himself from shady associations, easy mark for others to scapegoat, etc): he simply becomes this DA's next meal. Case closed.
@_date: 2013-06-04 17:13:44
Phinaeus is talking about an option to pre-emptively lock possible withdrawal to a specific address. So even if your account gets hacked, the worst an attacker could do is move the funds to .. say .. your cold wallet. Or trade them to USD and try getting through the fiat barbed wire there.
cap2002 also recommends a withdrawal delay option.
@_date: 2013-04-12 06:12:33
Somebody probably put a wall there and you refreshed just as somebody else touched the wall.
@_date: 2013-03-07 09:20:09
In other news, Bitmit Escrow is teh bahm! :D
@_date: 2013-01-09 20:31:48
No, Bitcoin holders have to think in BTC quantities, at least some, because their balances are in BTC.
If they look at at item and it says "$124usd", Bitcoiner looks at their 9BTC balance in wallet X and then scratches their head wondering "wait, is that even enough? Do I need to withdraw out of the cold wallet, or pull something from my phone, or .. huh?"
Personally I see displaying BTC balance for BTC purchases as a must, and displaying USD equivalents as a nice secondary gesture. Among other things, what the merchant thinks 9BTC is worth in USD may not match what the exchange rate is to me, factoring in fees and time and things like that. :S
@_date: 2013-11-09 12:13:54
You can never satisfy a new user about why Bitcoin is a good money until you make them forget everything they thought they new about money to start with and teach them from the base up.
For example, there is nothing magical about rectangles of paper with president's faces on it that make those money. Those are simply "bank notes". *Literally*, IOU's from the federal reserve bank. So those aren't even the money. Bonds at the bank are money, those notes are just certificates proving that the bank owes whoever physically holds them part of a bond.
And the bond is just an entry in a ledger protected by a bank. Bitcoins are entries in a distributed ledger protected by cryptography. The former can (and is constantly) manipulated by the people put in charge to play fair referees. The latter is guaranteed by math and global, self-interested consensus to follow the laws of the code it was written in.
So which one makes better money? You can transfer ownership of US dollars only if you can physically trade the bank notes with people or if the bank is open so that you can move your ledger entry into their account. That gets even harder when your accounts are with different banks, so ACH or International Wire can take days to complete.
Bitcoin is open 24 hours a day. The "I want to send" and "I am ready to resend funds I have received" steps only require those actors to breifly connect to the internet. Simple verification of funds transfer is basically instant, more thorough and counterfeit-proof verification may take up to an hour, no delays for bank holidays.
Bitcoin also *requires* zero foundational knowledge of the identity of who you are transacting with and zero trust in a third party. You are free to add such constraints as you wish per transaction to satisfy your own needs, but the money itself doesn't start by tying you down or exposing you to potential identity theft.
@_date: 2013-01-03 22:56:43
Unfortunately for launderers, SD only pays back to the same address that sent the bet.
@_date: 2013-04-13 02:47:58
Your first two sentences directly contradict one another's points.
The broad category "Painting" has little intrinsic value, *because* slapping paint to canvas is so easy that anybody can do that. [Le Rêve]( is worth millions while posters of it can be printed for free because it is impossible to perfectly replicate the original.


I am curious what force you suspect could drive the bitcoin network into obscurity.
The Bitcoin protocol is the only known distributed solution to [the Byzantine Generals Problem]( Put simply it is the first and so far only method known to mankind to maintain a digital commodity of any variety with zero trust in a central issuer.
You're speaking of it as though it's Pokemon cards and everyone will drop them in favor of pet rocks next season unless sufficient hype is maintained. Bitcoin does not require hype to solve a logistics problem no alternative can reasonably be expected to stand in for.
@_date: 2013-01-27 08:03:01
That's like the private addresses I carved out of stone tablets in my back yard.
In roman numerals.
Oh fuck, did I forget to carry a III? D:
@_date: 2013-04-18 20:12:18
* Do not use URL shortening services: always submit the real link.
In this case, that means post a link to the official webpage of a software project instead of a mediafire link to an executable that more likely than not contains malware, and no channel by which to authenticate it.
@_date: 2013-06-24 21:51:58
Perhaps nothing to the protocol. But do you want said developers supporting our cause to get paid or to get jailed/blackbagged?
@_date: 2013-01-29 02:46:12
Not that I've tried the extension yet, but try right clicking on your toolbars and selecting "customize". The BCI icon might be in that toolchest somewhere, just waiting to be layed out among your existing XUL elements. :3
@_date: 2013-01-08 00:28:20
Furthermore, the vulnerability to theft is something you have some direct control over.
The bitcoin cannot be thieved so long as you can keep your 256-bit private keys secret. That's not to say that information security is not a serious challenge, just that it is one you can realistically engage in.
I find keeping 256-bit strings of random bits secret is far easier for me personally than guaranteeing that a bank will not misplace my money. 
Over the past 20 years I've been banking, banks have mishandled my money over a dozen times to the tune of $2,000usd lost. Some of those times they fixed their error, but about 75% of the time (and 90% of the volume) they did not.
In contrast, over the same period to my knowledge I've had one password compromised (1996) due to it being chosen for me via template and easily guessed, and zero known incidents of keylogging on any machine I have administered (keylogging being a necessary pre-requisite to compromising either of my warm wallets).
I think that information security is about to go through some serious evolution this decade one way or the other, but it is in everyone's best interest to perfect these techniques and technology to better serve individual autonomy. If we lose that battle, then Banks vs Bitcoin may be low on the list of ways your personal life is about to get fucked up. :/
@_date: 2013-04-16 20:13:23
This confuses me (before alkhdaniel offered his interpretation, I misunderstood and thought it was a -.1% discount off the normal 0.4% trade fee). If you get full on paid to place limit orders, what keeps everyone with API access from building and maintaining buy and sell walls butted up against the opposing price? Over time that strategy would be guaranteed to gain money vs holding Bitcoin or holding limit orders anywhere else on the book.
@_date: 2013-02-07 00:23:29
Hey, if you've got friends in the US then you should advertise on localbitcoins.com and compete against these 10% pikers, eh? :D
@_date: 2013-04-28 08:36:50
Guh, I got here from near the front page of google search results for "tmbg bitcoin" because I was just watching one of their vids and felt the urge to start throwing some money onto the virtual stage.
But your link just points to their twitter feed. Where in it did they say they dun likes Bitcoin? I scrolled down to march and can't find the word "bitcoin" anywhere. They delete ze comment? :o
EDIT: checking near the same date as this reddit posting I just see "[Glad to see Anthony Weiner is providing fresh story lines for The Good Wife.]( (?)
@_date: 2013-05-14 07:26:21
Just to clarify, I don't think I would ever strip for money. But if knowing that people who choose to can take pride in what they do offends folks like you, it honestly tempts me to give it a go as well. :D
@_date: 2013-03-12 02:58:28
So Litecoin's master branch has already evolved beyond BDB, and a majority of miners upgraded? 
@_date: 2013-08-30 22:56:19
Correct, more than 10 years ago. (2001)
@_date: 2013-04-16 23:48:01
Best I could find was [this](


I see that all the time and that's the opposite of what my question was. You can never make rebates on orders which never clear (the rebate is only paid when somebody buys into your quote), I was talking about putting up orders that constantly close whatever the spread is: maximally aggressive quotes instead of maximally passive ones.
All your assets in USD? Ask quote everything 1 cent less than the lowest sell. All in Bitcoin? Sell quote 1 cent more than the highest buy. Have both USD and Bitcoin? Go all in on ask and sell quotes 1 cent away from one another, somewhere in the spread region.
Then the next market trades are guaranteed to eat your quotes (which you throw immediately back up in the opposite direction, using a bot) and you make money with every trade into your quote.
But on Bitfloor (which specifically has the negative fees on completed limit orders) you never see that and instead there is always a spread going on.
@_date: 2013-06-30 12:16:19
Here is the [Financial Crimes Enforcement Network's March guidance]( and their [June clarification](
Basically anyone who brokers bitcoin (buys/sells for other people as a business) or who sells bitcoin for fiat, at any amounts, is required to register as either a Money Services Business or a Money Transmitter (depending on circumstance; not much difference save the last one costs seven figures to complete registration in all 50 states) and those types of businesses in turn have to comply with anti-money laundering regulations which include shoving CCTV cameras up the arse of anyone you do business with.
@_date: 2013-05-01 03:44:55
It's done, we tend to nail things pretty quickly or we'll get a dozen reports and half a page of modmail about it if we didn't. ;3
@_date: 2013-01-31 01:35:47
Would you download a car?
Would you download drcross' girlfriend? :J
@_date: 2013-02-25 23:14:10
I agree with Noosterdam and think even more normative pressure will come from bookkeepers who recognize the value of the commodity they are bookkeeping and how it's tied to a healthy mining network.
Basically, if you're paid in Bitcoin then it's in your best interest not to ruin the Bitcoin ecosystem. It's not worth doubling your income when you risk invalidating all your income to do so. As fun as double or nothing bets are recreationally, I don't think the largest investors in hashing power in the world are going to attempt it. :P
@_date: 2013-05-05 00:22:21
Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-04-09 20:01:17
Say george, have you talked to the reddit admins about that shadowban yet? Manually approving all of your posts in the sub is a heck of a lot of clicking. xD
Thanks, guy, and good luck!
@_date: 2013-01-23 05:27:54
Alright but, historically you do realize there is no indication of causal drivers from network hashrate to unit price, right? Hashrate follows total mining revenue (price x bitcoins per block + txn fees) multiplied by available technology which means, all other things equal it *follows*, but does not precede unit price.
@_date: 2013-01-12 16:16:08
That's the plan.
While it is technically possible to treat the bitme.com balance like it was a wallet, and send coins straight from there to an SR seller, that's also highly dangerous. Exchanges have the power to, at least in principal, just slurp up your balance and never give it back (and a handful have done so in the past) so the longer you keep it there the more danger there is the exchange could sink with your money on board.
It's much safer to withdraw the BTC as soon as it's been traded, to a personally owned and maintained wallet on your computer. Then you spend from there to your marketplace sellers at your leisure. :)
@_date: 2013-05-07 09:02:21
*scratches head?*
[This discussion sounds familiar](
TL:DR; Bitpay *does* have arbitrary content conditions, but other merchant services like Coinbase do not.
CCBill probably won't have to be frightened because the vast majority of it's users don't care about that showing up on their cards, and because a vast majority of adult merchant profit by volume (of which ccbill takes a cut) will still come from either customers signing up for autopay and forgetting to ever cancel, or disreputable merchants extorting customers on autopay.. neither of which can be replicated in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-04-30 21:01:04
It's all about moving the fiat side while protecting yourself from buyer fraud and from government regulation BS.
On Localbitcoins.com and  you can just trade with another bro. Fast and easy and you use the web of trust or escrow to vet people before hand to weed out the scammers. Everyone's doing low volume and casual enough transactions to stay off of the radar of gubmint, who's going to force you to pay for licences and document all transactions in a certain way and anally probe the people you do bidness with.
But once somebody sets up "buybitcoinsfromcarl.com", then carl can't easily vet the buyers any more (meaning they can easily come from nowhere and scam, chargeback, claim identity theft, etc) and gubmint is lead to carl from his advertising and popularity. :P
@_date: 2013-03-09 12:38:43
1. May not be necessary so long as unit price keeps rising
2. having you looked into lucrative [Vanity Address Mining](
@_date: 2013-03-30 08:56:49
Yes need, redivivus is pointing out how they are being hypocritical.
@_date: 2013-03-21 00:38:06
Why would they need to?
Jake has a safe full of Silver hidden somewhere. Does the government send Jake's safe to prison, or Jake?
What prompts the Government to be interested in Jake's safe to begin with? Jake must buy and sell that silver somewhere, and all precious metals dealers are required to report their sales and follow know your customer laws.
If Jake owes taxes it doesn't matter if he hides silver or hides bitcoin, the case law is identical. "You owe XYZ taxes. Will you pay?" ("yes", "ok thank you") or ("no", "off to jail).
@_date: 2013-04-15 22:12:19
You were misunderstood, which was why I asked "Which options would you like us to look at". By creating whitespace around "not gox, not OTC" it sounded a lot like you were referring to the next proximal contenders, existing centralized exchanges besides MtGox. I pointed towards what happened during the crash because that is the simplest example of above average trade volume we can point to, and all existing infrastructure failed to keep up with it.
I don't know about you, but I feel as though interbank FX networks aren't about to pick up Bitcoin before it's established it's own infrastructure to handle simple matters like speculative HFT.
We shouldn't be so keen on that either. If banks stepped in today and said "Let us handle all of that hard trading for you" prior to grass roots building sufficient infrastructure to prevent said move overwhelmingly centralizing the system, then they would eat enough of the market in one day to be able to naked short sell, in the same manner as JP Morgan does to silver.
@_date: 2013-01-19 03:44:42
I think it would be awexome if you talked to and about integrating your service with bitcointip, so people could use bitcoin to buy gold for peeps on reply, eh? :D
@_date: 2013-02-27 22:45:14
Another disincentive against arbitrage (which sux, because arbitrage is the best method to keep the market valuations well synced :D) is that to do it and risk the least loss against market moves requires large balances be kept at each of the markets, which means you're risking those balances if the markets in particular fail or cut and run or get hacked.
For example, anyone who was arbitraging at Bitfloor when it got hacked would have lost a load of BTC in that market, and would have been hard pressed to have ever made enough profit to cover that loss (since Bitfloor itself has yet to make enough profit to pay everyone back for that loss. ;P)
@_date: 2013-01-06 21:29:31
And you're missing the forest for the fires.
The reason mycroftar pulled quotes was to as concisely as possible sum up the problems with Rush so that the concept would fit inside a reddit comment.
Your argument is that it is possible for these comments to be taken out of context, if only we squint and believe hard enough that the surrounding context neutralizes them and that such quips are at all unusual. However, this goes against Occam's razor.
1. The way you define [Genocide]( is what would render the word completely meaningless. "Those who didn't resist were often allowed to continue to live"? Really? How noble.
2. Hate speech doesn't take a lot of words to identify. Start by learning to count.
3. This is not [clearly]( an anything. Rush's intellectual position is that human life has no value but possibly his own, and that doesn't require more addressing than merely pointing it out.
4. The roots of feminism lay in how women have been mistreated and subjugated for thousands of years of recorded history and across a majority of civilizations. Their rights belittled, their voices muted and their participation in society hinged upon how entertaining they are found by wealthy, obese men like Rush.. who is incidentally humiliating them farther for the amusement of his audience. Whew, I'm glad that wasn't *literal*.
Rush is nothing but a sensationalist talking head who will say anything he can to assure he is either loved or hated by the polarized populace because he can't stand being ignored. When he gets ignored, then he just hunts for some puppies to kick in order to swing the spotlight back his way. Be that women, jews, or native americans. He can't keep his grubby hands off of them.
@_date: 2013-07-27 22:36:39
The base protocol does not support m-of-n with n&gt;3.
You could do this with [Shamir's Secret Sharing Scheme]( but then one party has to know the full secret first in order to break it up into shares which is a different wrinkle.
@_date: 2013-09-23 19:03:51
Y'all are some rich mofos.
A quarter million usd per year would be enough for me to emigrate over. :P
@_date: 2013-03-21 20:45:43
I think OP is curious why they sell gold via Bitcoin but not ads. I also am curious, I cannot intuit a single difference between the two. õ_O
@_date: 2013-08-16 03:21:08
There we go. Yes, you have corrected a second carelessly broad claim I have made. :3
Does this leave us finally on the same page?
@_date: 2013-02-16 01:16:30
Well A QR scanner should be pretty cheap, then you still don't need a keyboard or touchscreen. :D
Another idea is machine should convert BTC to cash too. It displays deposit address as QR code on it's screen w/ negotiated amount of BTC to deposit, dispenses $20's. Renders overpayment change either to refund address user provides or printed on next paper wallet. :3
@_date: 2013-04-10 00:46:22
yes, yes! plateau off, you bastard. I'm trying to buy things on Bitmit but the "24 hour average" price they use is barely above $200. I don't want to pay a 20% tax on my goods just because the merchant's spot prices lag so bad. ;3
@_date: 2013-09-08 08:37:46
So.. are you suggesting that you can't use a service like this unless you put your life savings in it before going to the bar?
The point of "holding one's money on an exchange" is to .. exchange it. In this case, for drinks.
@_date: 2013-02-17 02:53:12
ZedPM :P
@_date: 2013-07-16 08:44:26
No idea if you really posted this, but I do find it to be a breath-takingly well executed explanation. :D
@_date: 2013-03-14 18:36:47
Bitcoin tumblers or mixers are services where people can deposit bitcoins (oft in one or more batches over time) and then withdraw them again (same, oft in one or more batches) from completely different an unrelated addresses hosted by the same service in order to resist blockchain analysis linking addresses together such that an identity compromise on one address (for example: you post on reddit saying "gimme coins, 1addresskrv") could otherwise potentially leak information about other addresses also being under your control.
@_date: 2013-06-06 20:12:48
It makes sense to me.
In fact, they did *not* used to do this, and I think I wrote them an email explicitly stating that they ought to. I don't think I ever heard back from them, but now I am glad that they do. :3
Basically, small volumes of coins can be satisfied in any exchange (such as MtGox, Bitstamp) against the most favorable possible buy offer, which is probably a small offer. As the amount you want increases, less and less favorable offers must be tapped into to fill your order, skewing the price per BTC for the complete market order.
If they tried to simply set one buy/sell price per moment of time, irrespective of how much you wanted to do, then a few big fish taking advantage of that price using very large volume can make them "run out of stock" on bitcoins to sell, (or USD to buy bitcoin with), which used to happen to them virtually every day.
@_date: 2013-07-17 04:00:40
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* No referral links in submissions.
@_date: 2013-08-23 11:42:18
I'm pretty sure if you have iron clad evidence of authorization which would stand up in court as a subset of contract law then Credit Card companies would be putting themselves at risk to "cave to the cardholder", as you'd simply sue them next for conspiring to commit fraud.
@_date: 2013-01-08 01:38:48
You are not attacking Bitcoin with these statements, you are (badly) attacking the entire field of information security. If you truly believe it is impossible for any entity on a residential budget to keep a short string of data secret, then you are simply claiming that [identity theft]( is trivial under all circumstances.
@_date: 2013-07-04 02:20:44
If I understand thermodynamics properly, then by definition all of it does. :3
When you consume power that power has to go somewhere and be transformed into something. I'm not aware of any conveyance mechanisms to draw energy back out of the gpu save additional electrical runs (for example, trivial amounts of power to drive signals down the vga/dvi/hdmi pipeline). Even if GPU gave off radiation (eg, infrared) that's just absorbed or reflected again inside of most cases until it also dissipates into heat.
@_date: 2013-09-18 08:41:49
OTOH, who ever actually admits to "I don't trust X because I don't understand it"?
Instead, Bitcoin detractors say quaint things like "It's a scam because computers". This makes it clear to you and I that they don't understand, but what are you meant to do with such knowledge? :/
@_date: 2013-05-21 22:21:16
That's not a great reason when other people are capable of suspecting you are pump and dumping. "we" say it's not, but then suddenly what if everyone else who makes up "we" decides to say it is, and whoever is left holding the bag can never find a buyer?
What's valuable to learn and to understand about bitcoin is how it's intrinsic properties lead it to be inexorably desirable. :3
@_date: 2013-05-14 07:28:53
Repost. Somehow. 8I


Bleeding edge tech always seems to be a sausage party. I've heard the hypothesis proposed somewhere before that feminine sexual dimorphism tends more to empower social skills, leaving a comparative disadvantage to solitary pursuits. Then of course as those solitary pursuits become popular among the males who practice them a boys club forms (gender-divisive attitudes build up amidst lack of discouragement) which further serves to repel female participation.
If this hypothesis provides an accurate model, then it would apply to Bitcoin equally well I imagine. :3
@_date: 2013-04-05 22:45:32
You're hiding the truth behind the "roughly". I think we all can agree that USD loses purchasing power steadily over time, and that merchants are shy to be the first ones to update their prices in the middle of a recession as the dollar shrinks, meaning a majority of price tags will not have updated over as short a period as 5 months.
Neither does this mean that Bitcoin's purchasing power is stable, it is undeniably growing against the background of products. But [I found a recent set of charts at business insider]( that compare a basket of goods including Bitcoin against both Gold and USD, showing that Gold offers the closest approximation of stable purchasing power among the three.
@_date: 2013-01-22 02:12:09
We could also have CSS that pops up a bright message when you try to post a link that clarifies what content is acceptable in this sub, and what sub to take different content (such as help requests) to.
It's basically the only way to ensure that specific subs host specific content defined by the moderators, instead of content getting defined by whoever thinks [posting is easier for them than searching](
@_date: 2013-04-12 06:23:21
*checks folder*. 1.2GB as of a few days ago when I tested the app. Bitcoin is 7GB.
As to how fast it grows, well it's a hell of a lot younger than Bitcoin. I know it grows faster than Bitcoin because of the higher block frequency, but I can't say how much and I don't know of anybody who charts the LTC blockchain size like bitcoincharts does for BTC.
@_date: 2013-07-02 00:36:17
Oh, for a moment I though you were talking about blacklisting *bitcoin* addresses and I got very confused. xD
Yeah, blacklisting physical shipping addresses can work when there is a physical shipment involved. Otherwise, if you run enough scams then PO boxes are cheap.. :J
@_date: 2013-01-23 01:54:55
How many spambots or spammers who can see through [at] aren't going to just s/+.* the address pattern you describe?
@_date: 2013-04-10 20:20:24
Other subreddits have GDPs to begin with? õ_O
@_date: 2013-09-01 02:39:38
It sounds to me as though the representative who answered your email may have been confused and thought you were referring to an outbound transaction. Perhaps the most recent outbound transaction showing up in your history? Like an ACH to bank, or a bitcoin transaction out of your wallet?
Were it me I'd reply and try to clarify that the transaction you mean is an inbound bitcoin transaction, and send them a link to the transaction event breakdown on blockchain.info.
Also, check yourself and be sure the destination address you sent to matches the deposit address you have listed on Coinbase. On it's face, transaction details with 6+ confirmations of blockchain, with destination address matching coinbase deposit address and no matching transaction in Coinbase tx list is a smoking gun.
Good luck!
@_date: 2013-02-20 18:55:34
Yes. The reason it is increasing now is the same reason it often plateaued in 2012. Because 2012 demand growth was well matched with 2012 supply growth.
Well, we've seen a reward halving since then which stemmed supply growth by over 50%. What's happened to the demand? It's growing at base no less strongly than 2012. This inexorably drives prices up like rising flood waters. 
@_date: 2013-06-21 21:02:36
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-11-09 01:09:58


The merchant receiving your payment in BTC and selling all but the profit doesn't have any positive outcomes for the merchant compared to customer paying in fiat and merchant *buying the bitcoins they want* out of their profit.
== Pros to accepting the revenue in BTC:
* no chargeback risk
* lower txn fees for the part converted to USD
== Cons:
* No chargeback capacity, so higher support load when a payment gets mishandled.
* Higher complexity / less reliability from young payment processors
* "Lower txn fees" goes right out the window once your favorite exchange or broker goes offline just when you need to cash out.
* Fewer reliable litigation targets when mistakes are made
* Currency volatility risk between receipt and currency conversion of expenses (expenses representing a significant majority of revenues)
* Untested regulatory compliance issues (how to fill out taxes? Will merchants wind up having to comply with KYC regulations or file SAR reports?)
Now those pros will blossom and the cons wilt over time, but the points I am driving are that:
* Retail vendors run too narrow of a margin to help a new currency cut it's teeth; even ignoring the thin bitcoin revenue demand. If $100kusd worth of bitcoin business represented by hundreds or thousands of potential customers were knocking at the doors to your shop these risks still give the merchant pause compared to what percent of that revenue would still be spent at their shop after customers cash out to fiat.
* A majority of the cons I listed go away *today* when expenses begin to be payable in bitcoin directly.
It is always a mess to have to accept currency A for a finished product which you have to purchase the ingredients for in currency B. I think placing our focus on wholesale vendors makes the most sense, since their margins and time tables are both nowhere near as thin, they're going to be more comfortable arbitraging commodities since that's a big part of what wholesale already does with sourcing raw materials, and the manner in which they interact with one another *and* with retailers helps to untie all these knots. :3
@_date: 2013-01-03 00:52:17


Fortunately, this possibility is so remote that the word "can" simply stops meaning what you think it means.
Can you walk through a solid wall? We normally say "no", but it isn't impossible it is merely astronomically improbable. [Anyone else ever]( generating the same 256 bit private key as you is on the same order of improbability as waltzing right through the solid matter of the walls of your house and just taking your stuff.
Compare this to the quite probable, and common occurrence of someone professionally breaking into your home to steal you valuables. Encrypt your wallet with a password and keep it backed up, and such a break in cannot touch your bitcoins but can deprive you of mayonnaise jars full of dollar bills or precious metals.
So where does that put your risk calculations?
Granted I am not saying that Bitcoin is risk-proof. It has it's own risks, among them keylogging malware. Information security is quite similar to physical security, it simply has different strengths and weaknesses and requires a different background to practice it responsibly. 
@_date: 2013-03-26 22:29:36
.. brought to you by Carls Jr. :J
@_date: 2013-01-31 00:26:17
To deaf ears, yes.
Fiat: I have to trust the merchant bank and the issuing bank and the interchange bank and the payment processor and the federal reserve and SWIFT and probably more middlemen in a chain of single points of failure I haven't thought of yet. Every one of these levies fees. Any one of those entities *can* decide to interfere with my transaction and create a loss for me, or for whoever gets the hot potato to cover the loss from the mishandled transaction (normally legitimate merchants).
Bitcoin: Blockchain is calculated by this miner and this miner and this miner x several hundred thousand. No single miner, not even the one forming a block right after I make my transaction, has the *capacity* to interfere with my transaction (save not including it in a block in exchange for not claiming the tx fee I offered). Once confirmed, it would take a computing force greater than 50% of all miners combined just to have a decent chance of trying to reverse my transaction.
Feel free to illustrate in what way these two scenarios are similar. Thank you. :)
@_date: 2013-02-21 23:50:09
I've been trying to learn how to practice [BIP 0011]( 2-of-3 transactions, recently. [Here's my bitcointalk forum posting]( asking the community for further advise on that matter. 
If I couldn't get BIP 0011 to work or encountered an obstacle (I'm mainly interested what obstacles might present ;3) then SSS was my fallback position (Thank you for recommending that, btw!). Implementing SSS in JS certainly wouldn't frighten me a bit. :B
Main complication I can think of with SSS is how to get the secret formed and payment address calculated prior to it's split, without any of the parties being privy to it in it's original form... :S
@_date: 2013-02-25 02:08:10
Pyabo doesn't claim the "decentralized part was broken", just that it helped scammers separate the naive from their wealth. 
@_date: 2013-03-14 13:54:03
I am giving [theoldreader.com]( a try. :3
Perhaps we can ask their underwriter, [unteleported]( if they wish to accept donations in BTC? :J
@_date: 2013-04-04 17:50:45
I don't see how that would speed anything up. You still wouldn't be able to 100% trust the newest transactions until you have certified the copy of the blockchain you are looking back right back into history.
@_date: 2013-01-22 02:30:37
One of Bitcoin's foundational qualities is that you or I don't get to have a say in who is going to use it, or who is going to massively advertise that they use it.
I for one cheer on all comers, because they bring demand with them. It's literally not my place to say that X or Y "isn't suited" for Bitcoin (save perhaps to warn the incompetent lest they burn themselves).
It's not practical for me to try to treat Bitcoin as though it is some kind of a boat which may tip over when rocked. It's very properties inexorably attract those who will rock it, and offer little advantage to those who will not.
I believe it was designed to be sturdy enough to take that, lest it would be doomed from the outset and I wouldn't be spending my time discussing it with you. x3
@_date: 2013-02-14 04:35:38
[.. thanks for fixing it again.]( :D
@_date: 2013-10-23 19:29:47
Your link does not say there are laws against doing currency business with somebody who may be using the money for a crime. Your link says that *Registered Money Service Businesses* have the obligation to file a Suspicious Activity Report *following* said transactions.
This guy is not covering his butt by refusing their business. Instead, from the government-boot-all-the-way-up-your-ass perspective he is breaking the law by 1&gt; not registering as an MSB and 2&gt; *not* doing the transactions, which he would need to complete in order to file the SAR paperwork so that gubmint could crack down on these guys one by one.
@_date: 2013-01-23 23:15:41
Yep, I would poke at that fer sher. :3
More ideas:
* If you're comparing against localbitcoins now, you might want to offer asking user the zip code, or opting out of that option if they know they won't want it.
* I'd recommend an optional field asking the volume user wishes to move. If nothing else, that helps you quantify flat fees, like the Bitinstant/moneygram/zipzap $3.95 flat fee that makes moving $20 very expensive but $1000 pretty cheap. If you get really advanced one day, you could poll posted limit volume on the markets to warn big movers about shallow markets, but that sounds like way a lot of work to me lols xD
@_date: 2013-08-10 03:44:14
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* No compilations of free Bitcoin sites.
@_date: 2013-05-10 05:09:33
I've used them a number of times. Good rep obviously, never heard anyone report a complaint and it's always worked well for me as well. :3
@_date: 2013-01-19 22:26:01
Ah ha, I'm glad that worked out for you then. :D  I don't normally mess around with green dot because of their hideous maintenance fees, lol. ;3
@_date: 2013-01-23 05:25:52
yay, thanks for piercing the bubble with the inevitable "escalated quickly" meme, now the price will drop enough for my next buy cycle! :D
@_date: 2013-01-18 01:02:02
Well, merchants should price their goods in whatever currency they deem stable enough (BTC, USD, XAU, barrels of oil. Like I care. xD) and then use a POS processor like Bitpay to front all the risk and perform th currency calculation, and to convert however much they need to their local currency on purchase, and only hold what they need to either pay off bills denominated in BTC or to speculate should they choose to do so.
Then pretty much all the problems you list go away, so.. *shrugs?*
@_date: 2013-05-07 08:22:18


More or less. It's hard to use Bitcoin to get your business done due to how few merchants accept it yet. Every time a new business does accept it, people either in that geographic area and/or who patronize that sort of a service are given an amazing new option to put their Bitcoin to use.
The posting also alerts our community to their service and acts as good PR, and a good incentive for the merchants to actually participate. 
@_date: 2013-03-19 02:26:13
Just FYI you look shadowbant. :o
@_date: 2013-02-26 00:09:34
+tip 4mbtc
good research, sir. :3
@_date: 2013-03-26 23:27:31
Alternately, if you're ever pitching to a vendor who researches Bitcoin and decides of their own accord that they are long on the currency they can gain some wind in their sales (sic) by accepting Bitcoin at a carefully controlled market rate higher than MtGox. They can even undersell their own wholesale prices if they don't mind waiting an indeterminate time for the coin they receive in return to appreciate beyond wholesale, before selling a portion of that back off to refill the wholesale pool.
TL;DR: long merchants can borrow against their long position to sell merchandise below wholesale and make up the difference in appreciating coin. :3
@_date: 2013-02-19 14:57:38
I think it is against Ebay's TOS to use any payment method except for their in-system, "buyer protection" payment system based on Paypal.
This is on par with other shops like BitMit or SR discouraging buyers from skipping escrow, and it makes sense.
Now if Ebay supported Bitcoin AND offered escrow...... that would ... put Bitmit out of bidness, I guess! xD
@_date: 2013-01-07 00:14:00
your margins are [17% over]( (today, ฿2.7084/oz) the combined [Bitcoin]( ($13.46/BTC) and [Silver]( ($30.26/oz) spot prices before even considering shipping or handling, while the local silver shop where I live (and if Google is be believed, most local places) buys and sells at about 5% margin.
@_date: 2013-03-19 18:46:40
I've watched the RSA animate (-like) video on [The Machinery of Freedom]( if that helps. 
My problem with this flavor of anarcho-capitolism (decrying monopoly as being unformable without state intervention, but further defining the state as a monopoly which leads to circular definition. Also trying to make violence a market commodity suggesting that markets are capable of remaining balanced in the face of commoditized violence) is that neither does it suggest anything which realistically self-balances, nor does it suggest an economic strategy dominantly profitable to a majority of players.
I agree that statism is suboptimal, I simply disagree with the proposition that anarcho-capitolism is superior given that it cannot function without the stabalizing influence of a state to begin with. Ancap makes the assumption that all serfs will have access to wealth with which to enrich their position in society, that on average other actors in society will tend to aid them in enriching themselves instead of enslaving them, that competitive forces will lead large organizations to play by the defacto rules of opportunity and practicality left by the other large organizations instead of practicing espionage and seeking short term gain.
If ancap were superior, if it represented a lower energy state then the existence of any feudal system would have to [devolve]( inexorably into a superior ancap system, but it doesn't. Feudalism devolves into mercantilism and eventually gives rise to representative democracy. That's simply the lowest energy state political system which offers the greatest relative profit to the most actors of any we presently know.
Is it often unfair? It is. Would my life, or the lives of anybody I know, or the lives of the homeless, or the disabled, or the impoverished in third world countries today be better if the competition for violence common in northern Africa were the global standard? I don't believe so, no.
@_date: 2013-03-14 14:03:10


Bitcoin's fundamental advantage over gold is it's transactability. Bitcoin can compete with fiat as a form of money in a way that gold never can, but it's market cap has a lot of growing to do as well.
We simply need long merchants to counterbalance the long customers, willing to sell Bitcoin at a higher exchange rate than the markets do. Then you'll see commerce volumes like never before.. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-03 03:45:05
There are Chase banks in Colorado, try [Bitme]( :3
Basically, it's frustrating because both the currency is new so our home-built infrastructure still has a long way to go, and the gatekeepers of moving fiat have no incentive (and at least mild disincentive, such as Paypal banning currency trade in their ToS shortly after Bitcoin launched) to assist customers in moving their fiat with the purpose of buying or selling Bitcoin as that feeds directly into competition against them. :/
But it gets easier every day. Hang in there, friend!
@_date: 2013-03-05 00:17:39
This depends on which currency you denominate in.
@_date: 2013-03-06 03:12:21
How the hell is this merchant getting a sweet 2% deal out of Paypal? Is this a future where Paypal is bleeding the margins to remain relevant? xD
@_date: 2013-03-15 18:32:03
Everything I've posted on Bitmit has sold, and it's done so because I don't try to price my items at parity to USD via the MtGox exchange rate.
People trading goods and services for bitcoin normally want to trade *above* the exchange rate, because both sides of the transaction are long on Bitcoin and short on Fiat. Merchants who don't understand this are overpricing their goods and can see the results when nobody bellies up to the checkstand.
You state this as "people would rather hold their coins than spend them on stuff", but think about this. If somebody is offering you better than market value, then how tightly will you hold those coins? If somebody offers you $55-$60usd worth of goods you're going to buy anyway for 1BTC, why would you not buy them with the BTC and then replace the BTC from $47 of your usd stash?
The basic law of commerce is that Merchants must value the customer's coin more than they do.
@_date: 2013-04-04 08:33:07
Randal Monroe noticed the same problem with [Youtube comments](
@_date: 2013-02-28 21:52:18
I'd like to see the SR volume metric. Do they publish it anyplace?
@_date: 2013-04-09 07:26:07
precisely, and higher difficulties with lower or stagnant unit costs means negative operating margins.
Do you lot even have a chart similar to [this one](
@_date: 2013-07-31 22:14:52
OTOH, if posting whiny messages on reddit is effective at influencing the decisions made on the free market then let the whiners do what they well, too. That makes them part of the market. ;D
If they're *ineffective* (as I presume they are), then it's worth squelching them.
@_date: 2013-06-10 03:16:25


FTFY. If they feel like placing a hold, I don't see anything that will stop them.
@_date: 2013-11-21 04:27:20
Bitstamp / BTCChina are currently off by 14% based on the spot USD/yuan exchange rate.
Withdraw to Chinese bank. Paypal to American bank, and eat the 8% currency conversion fee, leaving 7% profit. Deposit to Bitstamp, sell, move bitcoin to BTCChina and repeat.
I don't have access to a chinese bank account to try anything like this, I am simply also curious about the rate discrepancy. There's obviously a reason and I just wanna know more about what it is. :3
@_date: 2013-03-06 02:32:56
 ;3
@_date: 2013-05-07 22:14:22
Depending on the units there are: Japanese yen for example are on par with USD cents, and people buy cars and houses with millions and sometimes billions of yen with no larger named denominations. 
But a majority of first world uses a primary currency unit within an order of magnitude of the size of USD. That's why I favor pivoting around named denominations of bitcoin within 10x of the USD.
Keep in mind "bitcoin" the unit is utterly, utterly arbitrary. It's simply 1/21x10^6 of the ultimate market cap or 10^8 satoshi. Those are the only actual primary units in the Bitcoin system: one satoshi or the whole market. Everything else is arbitrary from a usage standpoint. ;P
@_date: 2013-02-23 16:02:14
Military is too frightened to let GPS control it's poor-man's cruise missles....
.... and you think they'd trust their targetting systems to [GeoIP]( xD
@_date: 2013-02-15 13:10:38
Mining is nothing more (from a revenue perspective) than a method to convert electricity into Bitcoin.
The most powerful GPUs (namely radeon 6990) can only manage ~3 BTC worth of mining revenue monthly, and depending on the cost of your electricity it's a coin flip if that's any cheaper than paying your power company USD and getting that BTC at exchange rate.
ASICs are about to hit the scene, and these are expected to increase mining difficulty 10-100x over the next few months, which cut into your expected revenue by exactly the same factor.
@_date: 2013-04-04 19:04:22
Indeed. Heaven forbid she risk 1% of her portfolio. *eyeroll*
But in all seriousness, even I do not recommend anyone invest in Bitcoins who does not understand their dynamics. It's not worth it, they'd do nothing but strain their trust with the one semi-competent friend that lead them there.
I also don't recommend people get on the internet who cannot tell the difference between the browser chrome and the contents of a web page.. so perhaps I'm just elitist. :P
@_date: 2013-04-14 00:23:07


No, I am addressing the "forced" part by providing counter-examples of merchants who are obviously nor forced to accept USD, given that they *don't* accept USD.


The first advantage you wouldn't keep is that your savings in said virtual currency would still evaporate as the Federal Reserve prints new USD.
The second issue you'd face is that nobody knows of any decentralized methods to try to control money supply — eg, controlling new issuance and possibly even somehow contracting supply as market conditions change without a central planner — aside from a prescribed static issuance of supply, which is what Bitcoin and the alts do.
Secondlife Lindens are another currency I regularly deal with (I make beer money selling toys and games in SL) and they've stayed pegged to $1usd/$256sll since they've opened the currency market 6-7 years ago. But Linden Labs maintains this peg by manipulating the money supply, and as an inexorable result of this centralization they are at least as famous as Paypal for freezing accounts, reversing transactions and confiscating deposited funds.
While I'll agree that if you could solve the problem of algorithmically altering a money supply so that it responds to market conditions instead corruptible whims and thus helps to regulate early volatility, perhaps even prescribing a mild target deflation rate above USD, then you might be able to orchestrate an interesting competitor to BTC.
But neither I nor anyone else I've talked to have the foggiest clue how to do that, so we'll continue to champion or fixed money supply along with it's early-stage volatility until it grows as large and as relatively-non-volatile as PM.
@_date: 2013-02-05 03:04:05
IIUC, to the contrary multiple transactions are never more efficient than a single transaction at the same probability of winnings because then you're amplifying the transaction fee.
Am I understanding your meaning properly? :3
@_date: 2013-03-09 10:31:03


@_date: 2013-06-03 06:41:58
Please observe our community rules from the sidebar:
* Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy.
@_date: 2013-02-10 10:37:08
It is a proxy for the amount of hashing power available to "the entire bitcoin network" at the present point in time. :3
@_date: 2013-03-09 00:42:33
[Throw it on the ground](
@_date: 2013-03-12 01:59:56
I disagree. Bitcoin is anti-fragile, this is the kind of thing that *does* need to happen.
I'm quite excited right now. :D
@_date: 2013-02-07 11:43:17
Well, that sounds basically right. 1GB in 3 days (simplest interpretation of "a few") works out to a steady stream of 40kbps. This is on par with 1/3 of a pandora stream or a single dialup modem at roughly full capacity.
Basically, the bandwidth of the raw blockchain itself is ~5kbps these days. As any full bitcoin node, you have to be importing that but you'll be rebroadcasting those blocks as well. You'll also be importing and rebroadcasting all of the bare, unmined transactions you encounter which is the primordial stream of data out of which mined blocks are forged, thus naturally at least a little higher in bandwidth. All told 40kbps sounds like what all that traffic might add up to.
Mind you, I don't presently run a miner and have not measured these figured directly, I'm just extrapolating from the size of a recent block as a decent representative of 10 minutes of blockchain traffic.
But at your data transfer costs.. that sounds like a fairly poor deal. I'm sorry to hear about your predicament. :(
@_date: 2013-07-14 22:49:30
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
To facilitate trades, I recommend [BitMit]( [Localbitcoins]( (name not relevant; they support and escrow for arbitrary non-local trades as well!) and Freenode 
@_date: 2013-01-23 05:30:23
[BitMe]( still does cash deposits at chase, much in the same manner as Bitfloor once did. :3
@_date: 2013-05-25 07:55:30
Mike makes incorrect statements about intrinsic value. He claims "gold has value partly because people expend labor to prize it from the ground". That's not true: past sacrifice does not evaluate a commodity. Only future demand does. Gold's intrinsic value would be unchanged if it was equally scarce but merely fell from the heavens at intervals. Gold's intrinsic value is that it can be used in electronics, certain chemical and industrial purposes, and is aesthetically popular as jewelry.
Mike recognizes that Bitcoin shares the irrelevant value of sacrifice to produce, but he then claims that for Bitcoin this is a "negative" while for Gold it is a "positive". How is strip mining, or wasting hours toiling underground or chemically sieving the oceans any more positive than burning electricity or perfecting asics to solve math problems?
The utility value of Bitcoin is the account notarization work provided by the miners. This is what allows you to transmit value across the world instantly and have that value authenticated and protected against double spending within minutes and with zero trust in any central authority. No other money (save the poorly supported bitcoin clones) can do that. Not gold, not scrip. And most pointedly, **no other money** can compensate the miner's efforts for authenticating your transaction. You pay them a miner's fee in bitcoin (heavily amplified and subsidized by newly minted coin, for the time being), which they must accept in leui of the electricity and hardware they sacrifice. That is guaranteed demand.
Chris bemoans the idea that if our global communication network — the most important zeitgeist so far created in the history of mankind — were to become unavailable then Bitcoin would lose all of it's demand value.
Alright, so what happens to the demand value of Gold when you cannot eat it and nobody knows a gold smith and we've lost the technology or political stability to transport it somewhere where it will be useful enough to consume, trade or authenticate at any volume? That's right, it will rapidly lose popularity as a value placeholder when nobody is certain whether they can fence it again, and there are no central clearing houses to try to evaluate it. In an "internet-ending" disaster, like we've seen in Syria or Egypt, food and weapons become the money.
@_date: 2013-02-13 01:30:27
The first problem is, if you could generate a stream of passwords in program 1, would you be able to consume that in program 2 to test decrypting the wallet file?
If so, then in your shoes I would write a simple script to iterate through the permutations I was curious about, using perl or python or ruby. Essentially use a double-quote string literal as the phrase template, "${a}${b}mmy${c}racked${d}orn${e}nd${f}${g}ont${h}are" and put that in some nested loops that iterate through each variable:
    for $a qw(j J)
    {
        for $b qw(1 ! I i)
        {
        ...
@_date: 2013-07-15 08:03:31
add http:// into the "bitmit" line above, so that it renders as a proper link. :3
As for how to handle steaminess, man I'unno. Steam ought to just start accepting Bitcoin and save everypony the trouble. ;P
@_date: 2013-03-05 20:44:28
What would only hold true? I only stated that profits are measurable relative to the currency one chooses to denominate in. It sounds as though you're telling me that I'm meant to submit to some third party's approval for how I get to denominate my holdings.
@_date: 2013-04-18 20:45:28
What was my advice? Your original supposition as:


Now did they get hacked again, or did they go out of business due to disagreement with their fiat banking partners?
Nobody in this thread was stating that Bitfloor is a zero risk trading medium, we were arguing about a very specific vector of risk.
@_date: 2013-04-12 00:55:10
1&gt; buying and selling bitcoin (or any virtual currency) is *strictly* against Paypal's terms of service. They will shut down your account if they find out you are doing it.
2&gt; Ebay isn't going to let other people leverage their reputation system in order to kickstart a competing market.
3&gt; [Bitmit]( already has escrow and a reputation system similar to eBay. You can use them. ;3
@_date: 2013-01-30 00:10:32
Ah yes, I see. Wallet encryption is outside the scope of the core bitcoin protocol, and as such wallet holders get to chose any encryption format they wish to encrypt their wallets of which I'm sure AES-256 is both the most popular and the most widely implemented in clients. :3
@_date: 2013-02-28 01:51:53
I like this perspective on the matter, thank you. :3
+tip 25 mbtc
@_date: 2013-02-20 21:59:45
[Bitme]( accepts cash deposits at Chase, and it's much cheaper than BitInstant, however the transaction limits are a bit chafing if you're hoping to do larger amounts. For small amounts it's the bomb. :9
@_date: 2013-01-04 01:52:35
my chrome say your ssl cert expire't today, mahn. D:
@_date: 2013-01-11 05:32:18
oneshotjohnny has a point. Today there's no exchange for Martian Urthbergles to many other currencies, but tomorrow some Martian will realize how easy it is to exchange Bitcoins for Anything and set up a Bitcoin/Urthburgle exchange.
That's all you need, then you can arbitrage Urthburgles to Neptunian Nugwarts with Bitcoin as the grease in the wheels. :D
@_date: 2013-05-14 20:10:08
When their first person shooters wedge they have to ask me almost daily what that confusing key combination is to kill the program. It's alt-F4. But they can't remember that for 24 hours in a row.
Tor might be a little beyond them. ;3
@_date: 2013-02-14 12:14:27
Well, 1 Bitcoin is $26ish USD today, so that's actually 26 pennies instead of fractions of.
How about we push that up to a whole dollar, then? :J
+tip 0.03 BTC
@_date: 2013-02-18 05:56:29
This is a fair point. So I nominate you, Iamnotanorange, to be our official side-bar-reader to all the new users. You'll find the work both rewarding and relaxing, and you'll no longer have to be disappointed with the quality of advice on our fair sub. :3
@_date: 2013-04-12 23:49:44
I'm not only recommending, but I'll probably use this service for a trip I'm taking in July. Thank you. :o
So how similar is this service to AirBnB, I wonder? Your website looks superior, in my estimation. :D
@_date: 2013-03-02 00:44:35
(wears devil's advocate hat), how does that product compare with [these]( which at least look comparable, from here in the peanut gallery?
Just want to make sure we're defending BCS on the most solid footing possible. :3
@_date: 2013-04-25 22:43:24
Sharing personal information from other social networking services (including  is explicitly against [Reddit's Terms of Service](
@_date: 2013-02-21 12:02:28
Right. Well first of all, the protocol can change if everyone simply agrees to change the protocol that they're all following, and then they all unanimously coordinate the transition.
If a transition is not unanimous, then the network may temporarily get split into adopters of each fork until one rapidly becomes unsustainably adopted by key players such as miners, rebroadcast nodes, software and economic players (businesses) such that that version of history miscarries.
The dozen or so changes which have transpired thus far on the network have been handled via the [Bitcoin Improvement Proposal]( process, much like internet standards tracks or RFC's. These are bureaucratic documents vetted and then executed by the community as a whole to improve or to upgrade the protocol over time.
I learned about this process back when BIP0016 vs BIP0017 [was a thing]( and I believe BIP0016 is the one which won out in that case. :3
@_date: 2013-09-01 02:52:46
The bitter truth we critics must face is that, in the grand scheme of things, the average piece of junk is more meaningful than our criticism designating it so.
@_date: 2013-02-13 03:57:28


Hey, that could be. I'd be the pot calling the kettle black, though. eh? ;3
At least you've got five different options to choose from now, and if Bitcoin does one thing it's to host a hell of a platform for services to compete across.
How about you hit up for advice? I'm patently surprised he didn't post here, but I understand he is an integrator for Bitpay, he helps talk merchants through the process of integrating their sites and shopping carts so he might be able to help you a bit at ground-level. :3
@_date: 2013-02-21 22:01:05
[They do]( :D
@_date: 2013-06-03 23:51:18
Please observe our community rules from the sidebar:
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-02-26 00:16:29
Yes, that's what I just got done saying: "hashing isn't the problem". :3
@_date: 2013-09-01 03:36:27
I just went to Subway yesterday, and while the back of the receipt had the standard coupons and promotions that you see baked on, the front of of it had printed coupons with black and white graphics and linear bar codes on them.
So yeah. [Not really all that unusual](
@_date: 2013-02-19 06:00:08
To be fair, this is identical to Linux, give or take potential trademark issues.
If Linus tries to push his kernel through some ill-advised, destructive path then a new head would emerge where whoever is left with the most sense will just fork the kernel and move on from there.
Bitcoin is the same way, so really it's all about "Linus can only really control Linux so long as his mandates are popularly hewn to" and one could say that Gavin and his team's relationship with the Bitcoin protocol is similar to that. :3
@_date: 2013-03-21 00:09:26
Tax has never been about reaching into your pocket and taking X% of the money found there, it has always been about assessing how much you owe (with incentives to encourage self-assessment to keep government's costs down) and then coercing you into paying what you owe, or you go to prison (or insert other punishment here).
When you pay money in a state with sales tax (mine doesn't have, btw) the merchant quotes you the price including tax, collects your money and the tax, and then accounts for that tax to voluntarily pay to the government later so that they can stay out of court. That process has worked since the days of cash and will continue to work into the days of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-07-02 00:34:04
While it is possible to put funds in a paper wallet and then exchange that to seller for cash, that would be too messy for most people's tastes. (bitcoin seller could still empty account if he got to an internet connection to sweep it faster than bitcoin buyer does, for example..)
Instead, LBC offers an escrow service. Bitcoin seller sends bitcoin to LBC to fill the proposed order, buyer meets seller to give them cash, for which seller exchanges an SMS code. Buyer sends SMS to LBC's telephone number, LBC responds confirming transaction is complete. That way the deal can be reliably done without either party having internet access at the meeting spot. LBC takes their commission fee and allows both parties to leave feedback to improve their reputations. :3
@_date: 2013-10-31 18:23:38
In that case, maintain some balances on larger exchanges like bitstamp or cartivex to counterbalance the hot wallet.
Person buys 1BTC from you at $200usd + X% ATM commission, that should be because there is plenty of room for you to purchase 1BTC on an exchange somewhere. So you time a purchase as close to simultaneously as possible. Now you are 1BTC richer in the balance on that exchange and you feed the customer 1BTC out of your hotwallet.
Your hotwallet will only get low if someone else doesn't come in to sell 1BTC at your terminal shortly thereafter. In fact, it only makes sense to normalize the balances when you're visiting the ATM to sort out the dollar bills anyhow (discharge submitted bills and recharge stock of bills to issue).
This does not dodge 100% of "exchange risk" though, it just offers a way to translate one risk (buying BTC to sell and price changes before you sell it) into another (put balance at a larger exchange, large exchange might go out of business or cheat you out of a balance). But as you said, running an ATM *is* running a sort of an exchange (technically an automated broker) so you cannot avoid 100% of related risk. Your job lies in minimizing that risk and then translating whatever is left into your commission fees.
Compare this with a gold coin seller. Whatever gold coin he keeps on hand in the shop represents a liability, because if the spot price of gold falls 50% in a day (and it has happened before!) his inventory devalues that quickly along with it. He can hedge this risk by shorting gold on the markets.
@_date: 2013-11-14 18:36:20
I would have a hard time figuring out how Gyft could squeeze any value out of that, either. I'm sure the merchants would prefer you either squeeze out that last bit with some cash or chase it with another gift card, though. ;)
@_date: 2013-06-28 23:49:00
Yep, OP you've posted this seven times in a month. 
We want to limit our sub to links which represent news. "this is the first Persian/Farsi Bitcoin website" *is* news, but only the first time.
@_date: 2013-03-18 20:20:32
Fine then, how about double sided / double layer DVD's at 17.6GB? :D
I had to edit the first message because I almost said "Double density".... I guess that'd be Bluray? ;3
@_date: 2013-05-31 21:07:19
/me blinks. 
So, it comes in first place as a second place contender? [Im confus](
@_date: 2013-04-05 04:50:06
Nothing unique can be easily compared with prior experience, and it doesn't always have to be. Past performance is a poor indicator of future success. Instead you have to look at the processes behind how things work and determine what the most likely outcomes are. One cannot accomplish this without first grasping how those processes *do* work. How they balance, what path they cut and why.
You hear me (and it sounds like others) compare daft newscasters like in the OP video flabbergasted by things they don't understand with the same behavior from newscasters dumbfounded by the internet and it's complicated email addresses, but you jump to the conclusion that we're saying "the internet was great and therefor Bitcoin is guaranteed to follow the same path". 
We're not saying that at all and I fear you're simply not listening. Instead what we're saying is a double negative: that derision from those who don't understand is not a guarantee of *failure*. And then we hold up similar reactions to past, successful technologies as a simple illustration of how people who are supposed to know how things work can easily find themselves mistaken, how they have the capacity to find themselves on the wrong side of history.
That's not a guarantee of Bitcoin's success (however firmly we do believe in that for reasons there is no shame in you not grasping straight away), it's simply a refutation of others' claiming a guarantee of it's failure.
@_date: 2013-03-01 00:46:56
The trouble I see is that bitcoin-qt is designed to be run as a 24/7 full node. On the one hand how important would it be to enter a password on startup if you only start it up at infrequent reboot or upgrade? On the other hand, how many people who run their servers headless would be inconvenienced by having to manually intervene every time their full nodes reboot? õ_O
@_date: 2013-01-13 04:08:50
You can also put your cold paper wallet in a deposit box.
Then, unlike cash, you can continue to *receive* funds at those addresses, you've just got to access the box to spend them again. :3
@_date: 2013-04-04 00:04:44
What is the login problem? :o
@_date: 2013-05-26 06:51:31
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:
* News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news (or privacy news, or politics, etc)
@_date: 2013-01-03 03:33:52


I don't necessarily completely disagree, I view it as similar to capitalism vs central planning. It's not that capitalism is perfect, but I'm not aware of any alternatives that do not involve some degree of central planning which is at least as bad in almost all respects, and far worse in most. So most modern governments mix the two to get the best they can from each approach. Capitalism to do all the heavy lifting, and central planning to try to stitch over the known failures of the commons. But all told, it's still pretty bad. ;)
Bitcoin uses a decentralized minting system. Because it is not centrally planned (it is instead algorithmically planned and resistant to corruption), it cannot grow or shrink the money supply in response to market capitalization in an effort to maintain steady purchasing power for each unit of currency. But it is basically impossible for any minting system to be centrally planned without that purchasing power debasing over time, either slowly or quickly, in order to corruptly rob purchasing power from the masses.
Because Bitcoin's minting is algorithmic, you could choose between simpler choices like supply growing to converge at a fixed point (as we do today) or supply growing linearly forever. I favor the prior of these two options however, as both carry the same unit price instability problems, but the former allows holders of currency to maintain purchasing power over time instead of being silently taxed for no reason other than to subsidize other people's transactions, and ostensibly to bully hoarders into other investments.
Poisoning the well of a currency through forced inflation is not a particularly effective method to trick people into investing in community projects instead. Anyone can just buy gold, or barrels of oil, and invest in a commodity. You could even invest in rare, deteriorating commodities if you want your unit price to grow over time. No force can ever really make these investment options go away, and if Bitcoin happens to be one of them it doesn't negatively impact it's capacity to transmit wealth but it does positively impact it's attractiveness as a store of wealth. Besides, if any two digital currencies like Bitcoin compete, and one of them maintains it's purchasing power per unit better over time, why wouldn't everyone prefer that and jump from the ship designed to slowly sink over time?
Back to the community investment example, nothing stops anyone from investing Bitcoin into Healthco. If you want Healthco to pay dividends and earn their keep, then just denominate the loans or shares in something other than bitcoin. People can pay, let's say 125BTC but denominate the loan as "1oz gold" or "$1666usd". Healthco can then calculate the dividends and pay them back in the form of bitcoin. Thus the payments are completely decoupled from any wild swings in Bitcoin's actual value.
My point about commodity investment vs development investment that you never seemed to address was the risk of losing principal. If I buy a gold bar today, and test it well to make sure it's not counterfeit, it's virtually impossible for me to wake up tomorrow and have the *entirety* of that investment gone. Gold prices could cut in half in one day (which would certainly make global headlines and might start wars), but going to zero would be preposterous. I could buy some bitcoin, and that could not hit zero tomorrow unless the entire bitcoin network got DDOS'ed into the stone age and the core encryption pwnt all in the same 24 hours.
I could invest in Healthco today, and tomorrow everyone at healthco sneaks away never to be heard of again. My investment is now worth zilch. That's not only very possible, but Healthco is at a steep conflict of interest to find reasons *not* to. The only protection that makes this even difficult to do is the rule of law and regulation provided by the state which has never been exercised in the courts in relation to bitcoin yet, so even if Healthco were a multibillion dollar mainstay who could never hide then my Bitcoin investment could still be easily dodged and welshed against today.
You cited Community Credit Unions as an example of unquestionably positive development investment, and in response I point to [Charles keating]( being one of Pirateat40's potential inspirations.
The key to making development investment work is accountability. We're all spoiled living in a first world state who holds third parties accountable to us, much like a parent making children play nice. Short of that, even in the wild west I can lend money to my kin because we share an investment in the lifeblood of our family, and that is a reputation system that is hard to run from and to try to function beyond. Even as adults with no parents to mediate, our co-dependent familial bonds discourage cheating. *That* is real community, and it's hard to build and it's scarce material to start from on the Internet. But it will come, and most of us hope it will grow and form in a way which does not rely on an easily corruptible, centrally planned state.
@_date: 2013-02-20 00:25:19
D) I think there might be some warbles and corrections, but on 3-day average the price will simply keep marching up at a dollar every 1-3 days just like it has been.
My hypothesis is that we saw lots of plateauing in 2012, with very minor growth and some spurts of growth matching media attention. This represented a fixed demand growth which just barely exceeded the prescribed supply growth in coin (7200BTC/day).
But after the reward halving and a delay of 30 days or so for the pipes to clear, it was clear that demand growth had not changed while supply growth had been cut. This leads to the steady uptrend we've seen for 5 weeks or so now. :3
@_date: 2013-03-17 23:43:47
The advantages of running a full BitcoinQT node are twofold:
1. Helping the network. While you might not be notarizing transactions, you are replicating the blockchain, sharing the transaction mempool, making it more difficult for any attackers to focus on a smaller surface area of nodes in a 0-conf double spend attack, and offering a more disbursed variety for new nodes to connect to increasing their likelihood of being well connected to as many honest nodes as possible.
2. The ultimate in security for yourself. When you host a given wallet via a full node, you require absolutely zero trust in any specific third parties whatsoever in order to be able to see your wallet balance, authorize a spend, and confirm incoming funds. Even if every other being in the world wished you ill and lied with significant frequency to you, then as long as they could not collude in famous patterns to maintain any one specific lie and as long as you could keep your own PC safe from malware then the best they could do is obstruct your access to quality data, they would have no reasonable chance to trick your node into accepting false data or counterfeit spends.
In contrast, a Web wallet and even thinner clients involve placing varying levels of trust in third parties. The wallet provider, the full nodes you let do work for you, etc. It *is* possible in each of those circumstances (though at least exceedingly difficult in the case of thin clients) for a co-opted server to feed you false information, or in the worst case scenario of a shared online wallet to steal your coins completely.
@_date: 2013-03-02 00:03:13
[Bitme]( allows cash deposits via Chase, I've used them a bunch of times. Trouble you'll see is small maximum deposit amounts and shallow market depth.
[VirWoX]( takes paypal/credit card but deposit/withdrawal limits may be smaller to start out with, at least. They'll grow as your account reputation improves. Also requires registering for (but not necessarily using or logging into) virtual world [Secondlife]( and only trades in whole BTC last I checked which gets to be more of a pain the higher above a dollar BTC trades; you've got to flush any change back to you. Between commission fees and market spreads going through 2 books, you'll pay a total premium of about 6% from credit card to bitcoin in your wallet.
[btcquick]( takes credit card, I haven't used the but I've heard $1 one time registration fee and the about 7.5% transaction fee but you get the coin within an hour.
@_date: 2013-07-27 04:21:33
Ah. Well anyhow, you look shadowbanned now. Figured you ought to know so you can [work with the admins]( to sort that out. :o
@_date: 2013-05-28 02:09:33
Bitcoin doesn't extrapolate the whole of reality from a single slice of fairy cake, it makes people schlep that data from one place to another the hard way. ;9
@_date: 2013-02-09 02:09:45
Well, the salary comparison depends on where you live, too.
I'd certainly be a happy camper if I grossed $10k or even $5k per month, eh? xD
A friend of mine was elated to learn he had been offered a $7k/mo job in California (SanFran). Packed up and moved, when he got there he learned the cost of living there put that wage on par with the purchasing power of minimum wage, here, or about 4.5 times the average residential operating expense.
Put simply, if I earned $5k/mo I'd buy a house. If I earned $10k/mo, I'd buy a yacht. :P
@_date: 2013-09-01 03:41:55
ah ha, I didn't notice the screenshot in original post.
Well, everything looks right from here though, I just hope it gets worked out with them. D:
@_date: 2013-06-03 21:41:02
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:
* Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy.
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
@_date: 2013-06-30 03:24:08
It went through, Quasi and I both got IM's on the matter and the [Bitcointip User Script]( shows a little green check next to the comment header. :&gt;
@_date: 2013-02-09 09:46:54
It's beginning .. to look .. a lot .. like .. Christmas .. 2012 .. 
is never coming... 8I
@_date: 2013-04-02 16:25:41
Well, I for one enjoy the threaded comment infrastructure to keep proper track of branching discussions. If not Reddit, then where do you turn for serious discussion?
@_date: 2013-04-16 20:16:01
For all I know *you* could be a part of the conspiracy, a sleeper skeptic who turns at just the right moment to make everybody else want to try it! xD
@_date: 2013-11-22 08:11:43
The dose makes the poison
\- - Paracelsus
@_date: 2013-05-15 06:21:29
I'm sorry, I wouldn't *have* to take off my mask any more than I would *have* to publish my bank pin. What a strange concept of Pride you must have? :3
@_date: 2013-02-27 09:31:12


Block rewards *halve* roughly every four years. They just got done with their first round of halving, 50 to 25BTC in late November 2012. Next halving probably middle of 2016, 25 to 12.5BTC.
Where in bloody hell did you get the idea that *2* years after that halving that block reward subsidies would suddenly vanish? õ_O
@_date: 2013-06-11 23:59:52
It is in Oregon. They call it the ["Basic Speed Rule"]( In other words, there are posted speed limits which they can always *choose to* ticket or arrest you for exceeding (eg, like all traffic laws, the police — even with lights disabled, or off duty in their own personal vehicles — neither observe nor get fined for violating them) **however** they can also choose to ticket or arrest you for driving at any arbitrary speed less than the posted limit.
@_date: 2013-11-22 01:22:51
So partner with a Chinese citizen, lol. Plenty of profit to split between you, aye? :)
@_date: 2013-02-21 23:54:42
Is [Mega]( not this simple? (I haven't tried them yet, so I'm honestly curious. :B)
@_date: 2013-01-08 18:57:55
If I were one of these BitTorrent places, I would probably just set up a specific private tracker where only whitelisted, legitimate material gets moved to. So if you can only see this tracker, you only see legitimate material. Then I would give Paypal an invite that only allows them to see that tracker. :P
@_date: 2013-01-17 05:41:34
The most common I've seen is the [Magento plugin]( I think that's what [Bitcoinstore]( uses. :3
@_date: 2013-02-25 23:59:56
+1 internets for offline-data-processing suggestion. :3
@_date: 2013-02-20 22:13:10
My expectation is that all the big buy-in brokers (BitInstant, Coinbase, Tangible .. though I've already emailed Gerald with this hypothesis :B ) quote prices based on spot + a percentage fee, but fail to take volume of the order into account. This leaves them short on one side when the market is moving: short on BTC when prices go up or short on USD when prices go down. Since BTC prices have been consistently going up, this estimation tactic just is not sustainable. :P
Let's say the MtGox price is $10usd/btc this instant. Okay, what orders are on the books? $9.99x1BTC, $9.98x10BTC and $9.95x100BTC buy orders and $10.01x1BTC, $10.02x10BTC and $10.05x100BTC sell orders. Contrived, but this keeps the math easy.
Somebody wants to buy 1BTC from you, you quote $10usd/btc price + 1% fee, you sell off 1BTC out of your personal balance in exchange for $10.10usd. Buy back your BTC off the market for the $10.01 sell order, clearing that order and make $0.09 or 0.9% profit (ignoring MtGox commission fee, withdrawal fees, etc).
But what if the very next guy wants to buy 50BTC? Now the MtGox price is at $10.01. You quote this guy $10.01 + 1% = $505.51usd for 50BTC. You pay him 50BTC from your personal hoard, then go to replace that deficit. To buy 50BTC on MtGox, you eat the 10BTC order at $10.02, and then eat 40 BTC out of the $10.05 order which only leaves you 0.65% profit. That's almost certainly eaten by the MtGox exchange fee, let alone the withdrawals.
Worse yet, if you delay to execute your fillback then the market will move a percent or two up, leaving you at a compounded loss. :S
The simple solution I propose is to take all buy and sell orders on MtGox into account (and/or any other exchanges where you arbitrage) and simulate a market order, plus your fees with every quote. Then you immediately execute your trade on one or more markets to lock in the wholesale price you relied on in the quote to your customer when you fill his order. Then you'd be charging that second guy $507.22, and protecting both your profits and your future available inventory in one stroke. :3
@_date: 2013-01-10 01:30:55
I think the reason it's a good idea to clarify the language is because "agreement" carries with it the connotation that the conclusion was a fickle one, and therefor that it may change as easily as a fad. "Agreement" suggests a measure of arbitrariness, even though most agreements in reality are forged around practicality.
Put simply, agreements are artificial. You agree to meet at 7, not because 7 is the most ideal time to meet, but just because one person suggested 7 and nobody else had a good enough reason to counter their suggestion. So one person has a good reason to be there at 7, and everyone else is just following along.
Compare with common consensus: two people meet each other for the first time somewhere at 7pm. Because they did not co-ordinate beforehand, they must have both had good reasons to be there to begin with, and should they agree to meet at 7 again the next day there is fair likelihood that this will remain in harmony with both of their periodic schedules.
@_date: 2013-03-15 18:35:49
Interesting, but that is just an appendix. I wonder what is the publication this is an appendix too? :o
@_date: 2013-02-23 02:28:29


I wonder how one estimates the monetary base of the dollar, then? 
If you wanted to compare USD with BTC, would you have to measure both against a common background, like Gold or something? Because printing more USD does not increase it's monetary base, it only subdivides it ever more finely.
@_date: 2013-07-24 09:43:27
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy.
There do exist other subreddits for these sorts of inquiries, such as If you're new and just want an easy way to get started, I'd recommend [Coinbase]( (assuming you're in the US) which lets you link your bank account and buy or sell bitcoins, minimum transaction 0.1BTC (about $9usd worth). There are also some [faucets]( and [bonus programs]( people run which can award you in (very) small quantities of bitcoin. :3
@_date: 2013-08-16 02:29:36


For the third time now, I made that statement relying on an assumption that you've since corrected me on, however your correction also applies to the use value of any other commodity.
Also, it is an illusion to call mining output fixed. Bitcoin's original design calls for the block size limit to be removed as the network matures, and that's a matter being debated by the devs to this day. Number of blocks per day means less over time than number of transactions ratified per day.
Furthermore, mining rewards are not even fixed, due to variable transaction fees that are meant to eclipse the fixed subsidies over time.
@_date: 2013-04-07 22:58:03
If you've taken that $10kusd *back out* again, it means that somebody else paid you $6k to get your litecoin.
That's all fine and well if you can use Litecoin for something besides hoping the value keeps going up, otherwise it's musical chairs when confidence in the knock-off fails. What incentive do cryptocurrency enthusiasts have for developing infrastructure to support Litecoin that could instead be focused on the currency with superior network effects?
Bitcoin brings a pantheon of features to the table of international commerce which were previously unavailable. Litecoin brings nothing to the table that Bitcoin doesn't already cover.
@_date: 2013-07-04 02:34:21
I'll need to see a citation before I'm ready to accept that perfectly efficient heaters aren't as easy as falling off of a log. ;3
The only reason other electronic conversion technologies like motors, photovoltaics and generators can never reach 100% efficiency is because of loss to heat. Heat is the purest expression of entropy, which is the inevitable result of Newton's second law.
@_date: 2013-04-15 05:09:51
All I know about Accra is in Chocalatier it's a great place to get Hazelnuts. 8I
@_date: 2013-02-22 07:39:52
I don't see a "make a deposit" button.
[This is what I see](
@_date: 2013-06-22 22:07:12
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-05-07 22:09:26
That's my suspicion too, which is why I advised OP in other thread to contact Bitpay support directly and confirm if they would be supported or not. OP's reply was ambiguous, they made it sound as though they prefered being "openly supported" in the ToS to prevent the door being opened to any unexpected interruptions in service. It all just sounds a bit too paranoid, to me. ;3
@_date: 2013-03-07 09:13:11
[Until it's not](
The only trend I support as solid is the continued $0.36usd/BTC/day run up demonstrated from early January to Mar 4. I assert that this new ascending price floor is sustained by the supply growth being cut in half late November.
@_date: 2013-03-12 02:28:56
[Link already posted]( keeping earlier article to help concentrate discussion. Thank you. :)
@_date: 2013-02-11 07:56:30
Fair point, what are some fun and simple games that humans are still better at than robots then?
Maybe the ESP game? :O
@_date: 2013-03-27 01:59:47
Well, using ECDSA (in contrast to RSA, et al) the public key is calculable from the private key, so the owner of the address does know it and does eventually publish it, making it part of the blockchain the first time they spend from that address. But prior to their first spend, people are already only dealing with a hashed copy of that public key.
A good breakdown can be found on [this wiki article](


This also aids in resistance to quantum attack, since known quantum algorithms halve (I think?) the effective entropy of an ECDSA keypair if the attacker knows the public key, but no known quantum attacks weaken RIPEMD hashes.
@_date: 2013-01-06 21:43:41
Just out of curiousity, do we mean Local as in LETS system, or foreign national currencies such as rubles and drachmas? :3
I'd sure go for some Bitcoin&lt;-&gt;USD cash machines of course, but we just lack the critical mass of users to support that yet. :Q_
@_date: 2013-04-11 21:35:15
Full reserve of deposits, decent security so that deposits aren't stolen, and of course exchange not outright stealing the deposits, basically.
@_date: 2013-01-15 00:58:56




Then how do you propose somebody gets them "all"? I have over two hundred million satoshis in my reddit tip jar, for example. How would this mysterious entity get those and how much do you suggest they would have to pay to get them from me?
@_date: 2013-05-02 23:06:57
Then you're already covered.
We've already had links mentioning PB accepting Bitcoin, the only relevant new information in this article is a quote of how much they've gotten received via that avenue. Otherwise it's a partly self-deprecating advertisement for Litecoin.
This is an article we might even be letting through the filters if Litecoin-pushing trolls weren't on a rampage this week, making everyone extra sensitive. As is I can't even publish this without getting dozens of reports and modmails from people sick to death of the proselytizing.
People subscribe here because they want news related to Bitcoin on their reddit front page. News related to our infrastructure and ecosystem and community and the results of our PR work, not "and also Bitcoin" tagged onto Litecoin advertisements or Jehovah's Witness brochures. If people wanted more news about litecoin, they're already subbed to and will see this article. If they want news about the wider range of cryptos, they'll sub to @_date: 2013-07-02 21:59:54
Blogspam for 
@_date: 2013-05-05 00:21:31
Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
I left [your other post]( because that topic is primarily about bitcoin. This submission is nothing but a worthless price quote comparison.
@_date: 2013-04-04 17:45:26
Article is dead wrong. Precious metals have been used as currency for three thousand years. They may take a small amount of skill to evaluate, but all OP is saying is that government has a skill at certifying coinage (and then later debasing same certified coinage to their own benefit) in order to make it easier/cheaper for the common man to shallowly evaluate, which in turn makes said currency more popular until the nation and its certification services fail.
Bitcoin is the first currency contender in all of history with the following two features:
* Easy to evaluate with 100% accuracy with tools no more out-of-reach than a PC or app-capable smartphone (which, in this time period, is a very low bar)
* Impossible to debase beyond the original issuance contract
All currencies previous to bitcoin either take specialist tools to accurately evaluate (precious metals with scales and tests for purity, for example) or suffer potential debasement at the hands of the institution you rely on to simplify the evaluation process.
@_date: 2013-01-25 02:02:13
What kind of loan is it impossible to default on?
@_date: 2013-02-23 04:16:12
"a-typical-redditor" is a professional troll. There's no heart or mind to appeal to in there, he's just in it to try to grouse up lulz. :3
@_date: 2013-03-10 11:46:27
Bitcoin is decentralized because full fledged nodes exist which download and then share the full blockchain. the full blockchain is the most direct way for these nodes to be 100% certain of the balances on all accounts. If somebody sends this node money, node must check the pedigree of the sending inputs to confirm they have the advertised balance. You don't know who is about to spend you money, so you have to maintain everyone's balance.
Having only the most recent block would be nearly pointless, because that would only speak to the transactions which have been confirmed in the past 10 minutes. I am assuming you will not force all of your customers to shuffle the money they are about to pay you around just to force their balances into the most recent block and then pay you ten minutes later, while that block is still active?
Pruning techniques which allow lightweight clients to store only the balances on all accounts and not the detailed transaction histories are technically possible, but software has not been written for that yet. Also it would incentivize the public not to store the full blockchain, thus harming decentralized security.
Now you can run a full node on your webserver, or you can run this node on a separate machine, or you can connect to a third party who runs this node for you. Put simply, you can do the work yourself or you can rely on someone else to do the work for you.
But the work must be done.
@_date: 2013-03-16 14:43:18
I got miso soup, hehe. :B
It's just too bad all the mixing instructions are printed in japanese! I worked out from ratios of other instructions online that one packet should go with ~8oz water though, and all seems fine nao.
@_date: 2013-09-14 20:36:57
"Captures" and "Would give" are all present tense though, and 1% of present global GDP would [put us](at $70kUSD/btc at present exchange rate.
@_date: 2013-03-07 08:01:57
It is a great video, but it's not actually related to Bitcoin. 
Sounds like a great addition to though.
What would work best here would be well thought out articles or blog posts linking to material such as this for references. :3
@_date: 2013-03-21 21:41:41
Back then buying coins was challenging, because they were in so few hands to start with and because mining was so accessible. 
To get 100,000 of the first BTC with 33% of the world's available mining power at the time would have taken about 6 weeks. Maybe 5 months with 10%.
But as long as we're going back in time we should buy all of Van Gogh's collected early works off of him for a single gold piece, no?
@_date: 2013-02-05 01:22:50
Ah ha, so the point here is to leverage the android computing power for those customers who get that, to make the most of the limited but inexpensive sms communications bottleneck? :3
Another option to support dumb phones could be a federated approach similar to email. The "tip bot" like functionality doesn't have to be centralized, but different "tip bot" providers could compete to provide the best service and act as a check against one another's reputations. It would still be simple to direct payment to a customer at another provider, or to any other bitcoin address via such a system. :3
@_date: 2013-03-14 17:29:37
[Story has pretty much already been covered here]( and does not directly involve bitcoin, so removing. 
@_date: 2013-01-29 22:44:00
It certainly discussed those terms, just the upgoer vernacular prevented the terms themselves from ever being directly used.
I agree it sure would be nice if you could combine the upgoer approach with a glossary, though. Powerful crizzap, that. :D  You write everything out in up-goer, and then use a glossary to match your compound word phrases with terms .. and by then you're kind of knackered so you're incentivized to only define the *really* most important terms. :B
@_date: 2013-04-23 01:00:13
Rule from sidebar: No compilations of free Bitcoin sites. Sorry! :3
@_date: 2013-04-29 10:29:54
snowbum509: I've just had to remove 4 of your recent comments due to spamming this "litecoingem". Please stahp. Thank you.
@_date: 2013-02-14 12:19:10
Yeah, it didn't sound like he was talking about "making" as in mining or minting but "making" as in earning as you suggest.
OP is alright in my book, yo!
(basically I just get irritated by the newbs who are only interested in Bitcoin because they heard gossip that you can mine free coin trololol, and get either angry or dissapointed to learn otherwise. ;P)
@_date: 2013-03-03 04:46:05
Bitcoin offers freedom.
As much lip service as people pay to Freedom, every culture has it's own unique taboos which sound ludicrous in other cultures. They normally limit, regulate, or outright prohibit these taboos with law under the misguided idea that it's "common sense" that these coarsely measured activities are "always harmful".
In America those taboos currently include porn, gambling and drugs. In Germany, violent entertainment is so strictly banned that a large percentage of movies and video games that sell millions of copies here are straight up illegal to distribute there. In Japan there are no age limits to viewing porn, but visual depictions of genitalia are banned to all ages: so much so that even the Statue of David is bowdlerized.
Bitcoin allows people to transact for literally any reason, and leaves regulation and enforcement as out of band concerns. At the end of the day, you have to ask yourself: do I want my global currency to directly enforce local taboos? Or should there be non-currency related ways of handling that?
@_date: 2013-02-04 08:43:08
I take a position where I find stupidity and laziness indistinguishable from and interchangeable with malice. *shrugs*
@_date: 2013-01-26 06:40:44
You got anything newer than Sept 2012? xD
I'd love to see a timelapse for the bubble we just had. :B
@_date: 2013-02-13 03:58:56
Congraturation! Out of curiousity, what method finally cracked it? :B
@_date: 2013-06-01 15:55:18
Say, have you put any thought into extending this a little bit, so that the extension can support exporting and importing the data it gets from blockchain.info, perhaps as a QR code?
The reason I ask is, then you could have one version running as hot and watch only wallet, and another version running on a locked down, airgapped machine acting as a convenient cold wallet. :)
@_date: 2013-08-15 23:11:02
So... without any correlation between the bombings and SR activity how would that work? Courier services *do* already check their packages for bombs. Are you just talking about the cartels performing terrorist tactics to frighten these companies into meeting their policy demands? "Three trucks and two buildings will explode tomorrow if you do not include our ammendments within your policies..."
@_date: 2013-03-27 01:00:42
"noverify" is default now, so name_ should have gotten a PM confirming the tip. I would have had to use the keyword "verify" if I wanted the bot to chime into the comments to directly verify the tip.
Here is the [Documentation]( describing the Bitcointip bot, and here is [a quick reference cheat sheet](
Also, anyone using the [greasemonkey script]( can see little icons next to successful or failed tip attempts, little money icons next to comments or articles which have been tipped, etc very much like how Reddit advertises that people have been gilded. :3
@_date: 2013-04-10 04:23:43
Here's how I like to upvote, mwahaha! ;3
+tip 5 mBTC
@_date: 2013-01-11 03:06:47
I guess not, since the question got deleted. D:
@_date: 2013-01-07 20:17:44
Huh. If that's true, then it's worth solving a capcha and immediately pressing "change channel", or whatever that is?
Then the question just becomes "Hey, can you solve enough captchas to make this a little bit profitable" vs even worrying about the annoying videos. At 1mBTC per captcha, and only a few seconds to solve each Captcha, that's an intriguing proposition to me. Might not be worth my personal time, but I've got kids and family members who wouldn't mind making less than minimum wage to sit at a computer and do something they at least understand how to do. :D
EDIT: Bwaha, okay so I just kept hitting "change channel" until it finally said "no more videos, try back later". Same address as last time too. We'll see what, if anything, I get paid for doing that questionable thing?
@_date: 2013-02-19 15:42:06
If you're fishing for orders as a potential catalyst to bully the rest of your store into accepting BTC, then it would be a good idea to tell us your store's address, would it not? :J
@_date: 2013-01-06 21:41:57
Just out of curiousity — and I'm flattered and all that he accidentally spoke wisdom for a few words and all but — did he make any mention of how a government would even be capable of using Bitcoin in a way which would be similar to mining a trillion dollar coin?
Comments below are suggesting he means "a bitcoin-like electronic currency", but that interpretation fails at least thirteen different ways starting with the fact that he uniquely identified Bitcoin as "the currency of the Internet", present tense. Making up a new one could never fit that precise moniker.
I'm just curious the about the [Levenshtein distance]( between everything else he said and the closest internally consistent idea. :3
@_date: 2013-03-19 02:26:51
Just FYI you look shadowbant. :o
@_date: 2013-03-15 18:34:08
Unfortunately you don't, that was an example of a spam/scam problem we've been combating recently. :&lt;
@_date: 2013-03-05 00:33:26
Sweet, sweet link karma. xD
@_date: 2013-01-10 01:56:50
But Escrow is not the same service Paypal and other common middlemen provide.
Bitcoiners love Escrow, they hate chargebacks, and those aren't the same thing. Escrow is when a buyer entrusts funds to — and yes, pays a small fee to — a third party Escrow agent for the duration of a transaction. The Buyer and Seller negotiate the transaction until all is satisfied, and then the Buyer releases the funds to the seller. If there is a dispute, the Escrow agent mediates the case and disperses the funds as needed.
At the end of the transaction, the money has stopped moving and cannot be clawed back. During the transaction, the seller has just as much access as the buyer does to the Escrow agent to mediate his case. For example if the seller can demonstrate the good was delivered more convincingly than the buyer can demonstrate otherwise, the seller will get to keep his money. Both seller and buyer get to choose who they will entrust to do escrow, and what fee they wish to pay over it, instead of being stuck with whatever payment system they've both married to.
A Chargeback is where a third party Payment agent (Paypal, Visa, your bank) holds both parties money for them *all of the time*. Buyer pays seller, seller completes transaction, buyer claws money back and the seller has zero recourse, and there is often zero mediation. Sometimes the chargeback comes months after the transaction should already be closed, so the seller never knows when his account balance will empty from people he did business with half a year ago all welching simultaneously.
The incumbent system is built on a terrible infrastructure, and rife with fraud and waste which leads to the high fees. Simple Escrow costs less to perform than this, and 2-of-3 escrow yet to be developed would cost even less still since the Escrow agent would not be on the hook for being in direct control over the funds he is helping to mediate. He could not steal it neither have it stolen from him, he would just be one of the three signatories.
We believe this is an innovative approach, made possible by the unprecedented digital, decentralized, algorithmically guaranteed scarcity of Bitcoin. But innovative or not it is not so powerful as to entirely eliminate risk. Instead it gives buyers and sellers the previously unheard of power to negotiate risk the way that suits them the best.
With Bitcoin you *can* entrust your currency to a shared wallet, and leave all security concerns to them *if you choose*. You can choose any shared wallet provider you wish, and transact with any other Bitcoin users regardless of whether they chose the same one. You *can* work in a chargeback-friendly environment with everyone else who choses to use the same wallet provider.
You *can* entrust your money to an Escrow agent, and pay less fees but take on more responsibility to be 100% certain you are satisfied with the transaction before signing off on the funds transfer. You *can* send your money cash-in-envelope style, and thus take on 100% of the risk of being scammed in exchange for paying virtually no fees. Hell, you *can* elect to leave out all fees altogether and wait for a charitable miner to pick up your transaction, at that. ;3
At the end of the day, Bitcoin is about "can".
@_date: 2013-01-23 02:14:48
He isn't suggesting that Bitcoin is stable today, or more stable than fiat, he is suggesting that you can never consider price parity to fiat a mark of stability in a free-market economy. 
Precious metals for example do not look "stable" compared to USD, but they do compared to the price index.
@_date: 2013-01-23 07:12:59
[VirWoX]( takes Paypal, Skrill and Credit Card. Keep in mind their primary goal is to exchange currencies in and out of Secondlife Lindens (SLL), so you will need to sign up for a free account with [Secondlife]( to use VirWoX and trade USD-&gt;SLL-&gt;BTC. New users often see 24-48 hour manual process steps at the BTC withdraw stage but the rest is a very quick process, and all fees and spreads combined will come to about 6% total.
Altogether, you'll get Bitcoin out of Paypal this way quicker than you would get cash out of them with their slow-assed ACH process. :P
@_date: 2013-09-27 20:51:40
The number of cases like this which reach trial-by-jury are significantly smaller than the number of cases like this where the establishment bullies you into either a settlement or a plea-bargain by way of threatening to have overwhelming evidence that you've tripped over a zillion technicalities ([which every breathing mammal inevitably does several times per second]( without having to actually produce said evidence prior to trial or to allow you or your lawyer to determine your legitimate risk of losing in court.
So, due process is subverted on multiple fronts.
@_date: 2013-02-09 03:36:26
Think of it this way: Quantum Entanglement is a little bit like a [one-time pad]( in cryptography.
If you have some quantum information here, and it is entangled with some quantum information far away, then prior to measurement both sets of information will be indeterminate. You can use quantum processes to change the information in your local sample (like writing into a variable you cannot read from) but you cannot read back the combined result without collapsing the waveform, which ends the entanglement and forces both sides to immediately take on a known state which thereafter will remain distinct (eg, more changes to your side thereafter will no longer affect the far side).
Once you do collapse the waveform, you'll see the state your side is in now (including the changes you've forced) and you will know that the far side will have collapsed into a corresponding state (which will include a corresponding image of the changes you've forced on this side), but the people on the far side who can also measure will not know what the base state was and thus cannot tease out any message, nor can they determine whether or not you've already collapsed the waveform.
If you send them the exact state you observe after collapsing the waveform, then they can measure their side (IIUC they don't even have to wait for your message, they can measure from any point outside of the past lightcone of your measurement, such as if you synchronize watches and agree on when to perform a read) and once your message arrives they can compare their measurement with your message and determine that they do correspond exactly, even after the changes you made while entangled. This confirms that the changes you made remotely affected the state of their sample, though that confirmation can only be performed post-facto.
@_date: 2013-06-28 23:51:52
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
To facilitate trades, I recommend [BitMit]( [Localbitcoins]( (name not relevant; they support and escrow for arbitrary non-local trades as well!) and Freenode 
Good luck!
@_date: 2013-06-11 19:59:39
You do not send precious metals using bitcoin.
OP's title "France prohibits sending precious metals by mail - You better use bitcoins then." implies that "moving wealth by sending PM through the mail has just become illegal. You'd better find alternative methods of moving wealth over distance then, such as Bitcoin".
@_date: 2013-03-16 13:58:10
Does that mean you bought one of dem tasty deep dishes? ;D
@_date: 2013-02-13 07:24:27
I don't think that violence is always expensive, if it were we wouldn't have organized crime like the mafia and we wouldn't have crime lords kidnapping children into their armies throughout Africa.
The thing about criminal violence distorting markets is that even if violence is more expensive, it doesn't matter if it begets sufficient unfair wealth with which to pay that expense. It's the same principal behind why charging more for a product doesn't protect you from fraudulent payment; fraudsters have a functionally inelastic demand for your product and may pay 100x it's value in either fictional or ill-gotten currency. Only people who have honestly obtained their currency will honestly dial back demand as your price grows.
@_date: 2013-07-30 09:01:11
I guess you could describe it that way. It is normally described as "electronic check" however, and most merchants accept payment via that vehicle and then render goods or services instantly, just like they do with credit card (merchant often won't actually capture credit card funds for up to a week either, unless they're a big label and do enough volume to justify added capture fees..)
Thus it is understandable that US customers uninitiated to buyer fraud paranoia may be taken aback by an unadvertised delay.
PS: ACH normally clears in 2-3 business days, Coinbase for some reason takes 4-6.
@_date: 2013-02-19 04:20:19
Please elaborate on how "Wasting BTC by sending them to a broken address does not imbue any speial value upon the alt-chain, because you would never be able to trade back to your initial BTC investment." "shows an astounding degree of ignorance about economics."
If a homeless person asks for you to give him a thousand dollars, which he then proceeds to throw into his fire barrel and thereafter offers you an expired subway ticket in exchange, then this transaction does not imbue the subway ticket with a $1,000 value. It might have if you trusted the hobo to be honest and if he held the $1,000 on your behalf, kind of like a smelly bank, promising to pay it back if you or anyone else returned with the subway ticket... but he's burned the original investment preventing that option from ever playing out.
@_date: 2013-01-18 05:06:31
What wallet program did you use? [Blockchain.info's wallet app]( encourages you to use their service to keep your wallet automatically backed up to Google Drive, dropbox or email. Were you using this, or another application?
@_date: 2013-03-27 20:16:10
If you're really concerned about people's reps, you could also buy gift cards from other users on [Bitmit]( and avail yourselves of their built-in Escrow system. Bitmit has a very stable reputation. :)
It is also possible to buy USD and then pay for a gift card via USD, but the ACH transfer takes a long time and you'll take a hit in fees, and you may have to pay a different capital gains tax on receiving that USD prior to purchase via your bank account vs just purchasing goods and gift cards directly from Amazon.
But whichever route you take, I wish ye luck. :3
@_date: 2013-02-04 11:39:22
Alright, so what, specifically, do you make illegal? How do you craft that legislation without throwing a hundred other babies out with the bathwater? Will this disenfranchise gamers doing billions in business in other virtual currencies? Will this fluster Facebook and Amazon and Zynga's planned use of alternate currencies? Will this ruffle the feathers of Vegas over their poker chips? Is the CFO of Wal-mart going to ring up the poor sod trying to draft this law to talk his ear off about their refillable gift cards? What's the difference between Bitcoin and Visa's prepaid debit offerings? Will this effort depress the commodities market? Once you've got a new law, anyone who sees a competitive advantage to do so can try to use it to browbeat others in their industry, after all.
Bitcoin is literally nothing — no. thing. — but a distributed leger that people use to keep track of who is holding what token of abstract wealth. It's only called "Bitcoin" because we agreed to give it that name. The only difference between it and the alt chains is a minor tweak in the protocol, which lead to an entirely different ledger being honored. The only difference between it and virtually every other electronic currency is that no single entitity controls the ledger; but even that distinction falls apart in every federated case like the central banking system itself. So I am honestly curious how one could surgically legislate against this without doing incalculable damage to nearby industries. :3
@_date: 2013-04-25 22:03:54
Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-03-22 15:39:10
Yis, I would fail at "CSI" ;3
Don't know why OP is against Bitcoin raising in value then, if it's not clear that it's going to crash back down again? (I don't believe it will; at least not by any significant factor.. we'll never see $30 again)
@_date: 2013-02-25 06:39:45
Setting people up for "it has value because it's physical", you mean?
I'd be happy to shut off all data access to your house (internet/television/cellphone) and then we can discuss whether or not something is valuable when it doesn't weigh anything. Or.. oh. No we couldn't, could we?
@_date: 2013-03-08 19:15:07
Rent, utilities, groceries.
For Groceries, either starting or pitching to an organization that delivers groceries to the door would be pretty choice. :B
@_date: 2013-05-14 18:39:21
Well every time you change the workload for your GPU/FPGA/ASIC there is a brief interval of time measurable in microseconds where you're not mining any more.
If you update your work load for every new transaction on the network, these brief intervals come every few seconds on average.
If you only update your work load when a new block emerges (which you have to or you'll mine a block nobody will build on and get orphaned) then you're only invoking the gear change every 10 minutes on average.
This block has a high likelihood of simply using the same authentication rules as whoever mined the previous block thus they're looking at the same pool of transactions (eg, later block probably wasn't more lax in it's rules or it might have scraped up some cheapo or exotic transactions previous block had panned), but we've seen enough empty blocks mined in the past while hundreds of uncontrovertial transactions lingered in mempool, too.
Aside from malice, it's also possible for a miner to simply misconfigure his rig, such as a typo setting the minimum accepted TX fee to high. *shrugs*
@_date: 2013-04-26 20:33:57
Bitcoin is accepted in quite a few places to buy [food]( and [shelter](
Don't know where I can get that with gold though (without overpaying, of course..)
@_date: 2013-05-03 02:08:15
It's not "bad" to send coins to your bitcoin-qt wallet before it's done syncing, but bitcoin-qt won't let you spend them again until the sync is done. If you run into trouble it is possible to export that wallet file into another application such as [Electrum]( or [Multibit]( but at that rate it makes more sense just to start with those programs too.
Lots of ways to buy bitcoin. If you go to Wal-mart, the service you'll be using is called [BitInstant]( (Wal-mart works with Moneygram who sends funds to ZipZap, partner of Bitinstant).
There is also [Coinbase]( which accepts ACH bank transfers and only charges 1% total, caveats being 7ish day wait for ACH + antifraud, and sometimes customers get their purchase canceled and have to contact Coinbase support to be allowed to buy more from them, and sometimes Coinbase just doesn't have enough BTC on hand to sell to begin with (especially during busy times).
I personally use [Localbitcoins]( Freenet's  channel and [VirWoX]( (mostly to convert my Secondlife earnings directly into coin). :3  I also used to use Bitfloor back when they offered cash deposit, and Bitme.. but both of those got closed down by their fiat banking partners. :S
@_date: 2013-02-09 05:09:17
Potentially, but one would hope that a change as simple as raising the per-block limit would be uncontrovertial enough that fewer people would vote against than it would be worth coming up with complicerated systems to support. ;3
@_date: 2013-01-03 00:10:01
[They do]( The only problem is, the link to that page from front page is small enough that many newbies are still missing it.
I vote for, remove the frontpage link that says "Latest Bitcoin-Qt version: 0.7.2" and force everyone to go to the "all clients" page and make an informed decision which client to use.
@_date: 2013-01-05 03:00:17
Now you're speaking to my speciality. :9
We've already got quite a few VPS, VPN and hosting providers in the Bitcoin space, thankfully. What sorts of network services are you dreaming of? I want private tor exit nodes that otherwise work like paid VPNs (perhaps even in a decentralized payment model? :O ) but I'm not sure how practical that is to implement. I've been laying the rails to get my ISP to accept bitcoin for awhile now, but that's a very local market so customer support is proving non-existantly weak.
@_date: 2013-06-12 00:40:19
He related to Don Draper?
@_date: 2013-02-21 22:49:36
Ask if your friend has read the source code used by your bank to keep his checking account safe?
@_date: 2013-03-08 06:41:37
Bitcoin, like all commodities, only has value because it is assigned value by the market; by the endless mob of people looking to buy it with fiat or to sell it and get fiat.
If everyone just decided that they wouldn't sell for less than one quadrillion usd per BTC, and some people were willing to buy in that high, then the price would become one quadrillion usd per BTC. Done and dusted.
Of course, if something goes wrong that also means there's nothing to prevent demand for bitcoin becoming negative. If nobody wanted to buy it and everyone wanted to sell, then the price would be zero.
But what we are observing is that demand is strong because everyone recognizes that the infrastructure is sound and the quantity is limited. Owning 1 BTC means owning 100 million satoshi, or one twenty-one-millionth share of the ultimate stock in a commodity people will likely buy and sell land with one day. So the demand feeds the merchant adoption which feeds the innovation which feeds the confidence which feeds the volume in a virtuous cycle. It would be difficult for this perceived value to tarnish without the system itself faulting in a way which damages all of the above simultaneously, which we've never seen in even the smallest degree and have no reason to expect to occur under any rational circumstances.
Basically, it's easy to just say "price will go up", but I think it's a lot more valuable for investors to really dig in and get a sense *why* us internet strangers say such things, and what sorts of black swan conditions might hypothetically change that equation. Not because such an outcome is at all probable as much as because your investment is *your* responsibility, not mine. :3
@_date: 2013-08-19 23:13:17
[Removed the other one, per 's observation] :J
@_date: 2013-07-24 09:47:13
Oh no, that's a fine investment for me as well. The problem for me is not the price for what you get from that hardware, it's worrying whether the hardware will ever actually get built or if the guys behind it aren't cleverly milking pre-orders and then might vanish in the wind or disappoint folks, in much the same way as BFL.
If I could feel at least a magnitude more confident that the product would ship, or could use indefinite escrow (both Bitmit and LBC work great 4me) or something then I would nab one tonight. Might even buy two. ;P
@_date: 2013-04-16 00:04:22
* Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed
* No referral links in submissions.
@_date: 2013-07-04 10:14:24
[VirWoX]( still allows paypal, credit card and skrill deposit methods. But be aware, they do not have a USD/BTC book. You'll have to trade USD-&gt;SLL (Secondlife Lindens) and then SLL-&gt;BTC. As a result you'll face commission fee and spread risk twice, and might collect some change both in BTC and in USD balances.
@_date: 2013-03-06 22:50:11
Yes. Just like US Dollars subdivide down one hundred times to $0.01usd "pennies", Bitcoins subdivide down one hundred *million* times to ฿0.00000001 BTC or "satoshis". :3
@_date: 2013-03-21 14:26:18
Just FYI george, u appear to be shadowbanned. (eg, looking at your user page while not logged in gives a 404)
You may wish to contact Reddit Admins about this, and see what's up? :o
@_date: 2013-07-26 22:54:56
Hmm. I, for one, am glad that you've repeated yourself in this case then. This is a position which I also hold which I've been having trouble expressing in language, and I like the way you've put it. :J
@_date: 2013-06-09 17:11:18
That's the only angle I can think of as well.
Good luck, sir!
@_date: 2013-06-28 23:44:18


There .. may be slightly less crazy-sounding ways of putting that, dawg. ;3
@_date: 2013-08-06 20:09:40
Submission removed for plagiarism. [Original article](
@_date: 2013-06-04 18:46:39
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:
* Do not use URL shortening services: always submit the real link.
* No referral links in submissions.
Your link to the site in turn frames a referral link to Bitvegas. They're a nice little place and all, but we are not an advertisement outlet.
@_date: 2013-04-28 17:12:56
If those are the only two possibilities, I would hazard to guess the "downvote in one. That's basically the flip side of the coin ThePiachu mentions in this article. Much better would have been "report this rule violation".
Also, he spoke to admins shortly after learning of the issue and got things worked out. That was before he got modded in this sub, too. Have you been able to [talk to the admins about it](


I'm not sure it would feel that way anymore once they decided to start telling everyone who asked, and that lead to all of Reddit's capacity to deliver relevant articles falling apart as spammers and manipulators could always learn how to remain unseen by the admins by gaining valuable feedback each time they get caught.
@_date: 2013-02-04 07:51:13
Fiat has a popular advantage over bitcoin in that using fiat allows consumers to trade freedom for perceived security and convenience. The price Bitcoiners pay for our increased freedoms, being able to spend to anyone anywhere at low fees and resist third party meddling, is that we shoulder the responsibility of managing our own money and practicing a high degree of information security.
This is much like the difference between storing $1bil USD at a bank, vs keeping $1bil USD worth of gold bars in your garage. In the former case you establish an identification protocol with the bank for security, and yield to their rules and regulations. In the latter you yield to no man, but still must rely on your own devices to defend and to transport and transact from this hoard.
@_date: 2013-06-06 23:22:49
Dem's the breaks of poe's law
@_date: 2013-01-23 05:04:43
The best free money mining is consuming spare watts at a solar-fed property off the grid after the batteries have topped off.
Yep, you can mine with the unused sunlight you've collected that would otherwise have gone to waste. That's about as "free" as it gets. :D
@_date: 2013-04-22 21:21:56
I boycot computer games which use DRM that punish the use cases of legitimate purchasers more than the pirates, yes.
For example I'm pro-steam but I won't touch Origin or EA. :P
@_date: 2013-02-13 04:45:22
Who pays fees? I deposit my coins in a non-MtGox exchange, and then just withdraw them again after awhile. You can fill up an address or a qt account with coins cleansed thusly, and then order a pizza. No fees involved save a couple miner's fees when you top off the cleansed account balance. :3
@_date: 2013-05-31 10:56:38
Please observe our community rules in the sidebar:
* News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news.
@_date: 2013-02-28 01:51:07
Correct. Bitcoin's price floor is not determined by time or energy invested in the past, but the time and energy which must continue to be invested in the future, taxed by transaction fees and for awhile also inflationary block subsidies. :3
@_date: 2013-02-20 21:49:47
Agreed. I can see the US Government taking steps such as performing some low-hanging fruit enforcement of taxation, and drumming up enough fear to deter Bitcoin-based evasion. Or trying commerce cases involving Bitcoin disputes fairly in court, or even amending existing finance laws to make room for Bitcoin as a currency or commodity or whatever they choose and then working to enforce that low hanging fruit as well.
Basically I can see them holding US businesses and exchanges to certain (hopefully not too cramped) standards of practice, but the more commerce flows through these pipes the more it hurts any government to try to materially interrupt that flow. It's always better to try to influence the flow, or even profit from it than to stem it completely and watch the pressure dangerously back up throughout the system. :3
@_date: 2013-05-07 07:12:38
Why don't you make one?
I'm sure you'll inspire more interest than you can handle. :J
@_date: 2013-11-13 18:32:29
Frustrated Cosmonaut to American Space Tourist.jpg
@_date: 2013-02-05 03:10:39
Guh, you must have some haters out there to get a downvote for an on-topic post agreeing with consensus and sharing your own experience to boot. :P
+tip 0.01 btc
@_date: 2013-02-14 04:59:36
Not if you can bribe them and they only accept a local currency that's cryptographically secure. :P
@_date: 2013-05-14 19:11:40
I read this first as "The biggest Erotic sweatshop .."
many .. many images there. xD
@_date: 2013-11-23 06:49:09
He probably just threw a bitcent into SDice or something, and cracked open a big address who's monumental amount of change went to a new address. ;)
*Disclaimer: I'm too lazy to actually look up the outputs and test my theory ;3*
@_date: 2013-02-23 03:40:26


I hope they charge quite a bit *more* than 1%, ideally 6% or a little less. 4% would probably be perfect, all in all to compete dominantly against BitInstant.
1% on transactions would never earn enough revenue to justify the expense, maintenance, and refilling/emptying of the boxes. &gt;4% begins to lose ground against BitInstant. :3
@_date: 2013-02-26 00:03:15
While I appreciate what you're saying and all, it bears repeating that [a lot ≠ exponentially]( :B
@_date: 2013-09-08 11:26:26
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Trades should usually not be advertised here. For example, submissions like "Buying 100 BTC" or "Selling my computer for bitcoins" do not belong here. is primarily for news and discussion.
For trades, I recommend @_date: 2013-04-30 20:46:10
Why don't you ask them in Bitcointip is open source ([Github]( so if there's really support for these knockoff currencies they should at least be able to port the freely available infrastructure.
Otherwise, asking about it here is naught but a thinly veiled attempt to soapbox.
@_date: 2013-01-19 23:09:04
Good call, so I went to your link and didn't bother to try and read the probably twice-machine-translated OP article.
WOWT article is quite a lot of smug, unsubstantiated op ed. It claims Bitcoin is doomed because without regulation monopolies are taking over control of everything somehow. So? How, exactly? Which monopolies? What control do these wield?
As a Bitcoin user, I can choose to do business with whoever the hell I want, and that's the point. So 70% of trades happen at MtGox? or X% of new bitcoins get minted at Mining pool Y? I care about this exactly why, then?
I am trading in a currency and they cannot affect me short of possibly ruining the currency, and they obviously have more to lose were that to ever happen than I do. If I want to exchange elsewhere, or mine in another pool, they can't stop me or even induce me to put up with their shit.
They cannot directly harm or threaten competition, because this is a space much farther removed from the potential of violence than "the old west" where you could not trade with anyone without bringing yourself into fist swinging, knifing and shooting range of them, and everyone else in town to boot. In this space you get to chose precisely what you trust with somebody, and can really only be harmed by being tricked into exposing vulnerabilities.
@_date: 2013-01-24 02:02:18
The general idea behind the term "mixing" is that you put XBTC into this pool, where other peoples' funds are too, and when you take roughly XBTC back out (but not exactly, to prevent amount-searching, and ideally in confusing chunks) you aren't getting back the same funds you put in, you're getting back what somebody else did.
You could not accomplish that without the "somebody else" part, so at some point you have to yield your funds to a third party to get this done. (or start your own mixer I guess, so that everybody is yielding to you. That obviously opens its own can of challenges. :P)
There might be complex alternate approaches with 2-of-2 or 2-of-3 signatures to make the transaction lower risk, but I think those might be pretty damned complicated and I can't think of any easy solutions off the top of my head that are proof from fraud from any conceivable angle. ;3
@_date: 2013-01-10 08:03:23
What is a bitcoin card?
Do you mean like a prepaid debit card you can reload using Bitcoins?
@_date: 2013-01-07 05:37:21
[Bitme]( Deposit Cash at a chase bank. fee is closer to 0.6% than 21%.
[Coinbase]( Link your bank account to them, and then echeck to buy coins and ACH to withdraw them. Roughly 1% fees.
[There are dozens of options]( I think MtGox is only popular among those dealing in huge volume though.
@_date: 2013-06-30 14:11:58
Well they aren't treating it as "legal tender", but all legal tender means is that they enforce the possibility of settlement of legal debt in that currency and they accept taxes in that currency.
Foreign national currencies are not considered legal tender in the US but they are considered money, and are still regulated as such.
I am curious if you could find a citation of the guidelines you're talking about, that I might read them as well? :D
@_date: 2013-08-08 02:10:42
Please observe our community rules listed in the sidebar:
* Please avoid repetition — is a subreddit devoted to new information and discussion about Bitcoin and its ecosystem. New merchants are welcome to announce their services for Bitcoin, but after those have been announced they are no longer news and should not be re-posted. Aside from new merchant announcements, those interested in advertising to our audience should consider Reddit's self-serve advertising system.
This submission is not a news announcement, or a blog post analyzing anything measurable. It's just inchoate PR pointing to a landing page for a service which has been highlighted here [many times](@_date: 2013-04-17 05:18:59
* No referral links in submissions.
@_date: 2013-03-27 01:25:06
It's just a shorthand notation for sentiment in various segments of the market. I am bullish on Bitcoin, and that simply means that I see Bitcoin as appreciating over a long time scale, rendering it's value fluctuations on a short time scale as less relevant to me. :3
@_date: 2013-03-29 11:49:33
/me shrugs. Assuming you're actually doing what you say, all I can say is "weak hands to strong". You can only fleece hands weaker than yours, and from my perspective on a free market I'm happy for you to do so. But in the process you run the risk of getting fleeced by hands stronger than yours.
@_date: 2013-01-04 22:19:40
Just saying, video camera pointed at screen isn't the best way to go. :J
@_date: 2013-04-03 17:48:29
* Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere.