@_author: jessynoo
@_date: 2011-08-18 16:53:40
Sorry for the long delay, I'm back to help now.
I'm sorry the MtGox bot stopped twice for an extended period while I was away. 
Mt Gox bans IP addresses in case of invalid credentials. Each time, our team had to find out faulty accounts before we could resume the service for all Mt. Gox users. 
As this is a critical issue, I will look at providing a permanent in the next days.
As for the bot's behaviour, the default strategy being very conservative, and as you started with btcs only, the bot hasn't made enough $ to place competitive buy orders.
Changing the strategy or/and adjusting the extreme orders manually should help getting your wallet into a balanced state. BTW, you should avoid changing the commission and use Strategy parameters for a more aggressive behavior.  
I've explained a couple of those parameters [in the original forum thread](
@_date: 2011-11-04 10:31:00


If you feed your bot driven exchange account with both btcs and usds, the bot will open two sided. If you start with btcs or usds only, it will indeed start one-sided, but as soon as some issued order get executed, you should see that the bot slowly builds up the other side.
@_date: 2011-06-23 21:49:08
Woaw, very interesting, definitely keeping an eye on that project.
By bt$, I'm referring to a second block chain currency to be used on the distributed exchange, backed by a fund.
@_date: 2011-11-04 11:45:52
Thanks :)
Let me know if you need help.
@_date: 2011-11-04 11:10:49
The way the bot works is by placing both buy and sell orders within a trading band of prices, with an increasing value while moving away (up or down) from the current price.
For instance if the price moves up, your ask orders of increasing value start getting executed until the trend changes, then your bid orders of increasing value get executed.
While the market moves up and down, you make a profit by selling more on highs and buying more on lows, and increasing the value of your orders serves covering your earlier smaller orders while the trends keeps the same, as in some kind of [Martingale](
Now the parameters will let you define the trading band and orders profile characteristics, modulating safety (large band and steep slope, more resources allocated further away from the current price to account for high variation) and profits (more resources allocated closer to the current price to earn more on low variations, but lower cover in case of a large move).
So far my way of tweaking them was to monitor the earnings in an excel spreadsheet, and to keep a look at charts (see [mtgoxlive]( or [bitcoinity]( for instance)
You can start with the default configuration, see how your orders get issued and executed according to the market moves. 
When you want to try a new strategy, simply update the corresponding parameters, clear your existing orders, and the bot will start issuing new orders.
You can also manually change the extreme orders of the band, which serve as a reference to compute the inner orders.  
@_date: 2011-11-04 11:44:56
The default configuration currently avoids placing orders directly into the spread.  
Instead, it will place small pairs of bid/ask orders taking the fees into account + a small margin and larger pairs further away to cover higher variations.
Practically you still get central orders to execute very often, and I currently find my own test accounts delivering a monthly volume more than ten folds their total resources with typically more than 10 000 orders executed per account since July. 
I guess we can consider that "providing liquidity to the market".
However, beating the fees on the long run is indeed an important issue, and so far Mt Gox and Tradehill did get the best part of the generated  revenues; this is also what that competition is about.
@_date: 2011-06-23 21:54:41
As I summarize in my last post on the forum, this is not about removing all gatekeeps: in the end you have to trust a proper bank to hand you cash or bank tranfers. It's more about moving most transactions and fees to the distributed exchange, leaving traditional exchange in a position similar to dwolla and other payment services.
@_date: 2011-11-04 11:14:43
I'm sorry the website had major problems to start with, but it has performed better recently, especially after we upgraded the hosting environment. 
I also plan to bring an update to the platform in the next days, which should fix some remaining UI bugs.
Thanks for giving another shot.
@_date: 2011-11-04 13:08:56
Thanks for that pointer. 
I had passed by that dataset but failed to see you can get everything.
This is exactly what's needed, as it contains all trades since late 2010.
As for the duplicates, don't worry they're not tradeids but unix time stamps. 
I just compared the last bit with mtgox direct feed, and it seems they match well.
I will look into using that. 
@_date: 2011-08-18 17:01:47
the bots currently use the legacy api, which only requires your login/password.
If you account has got available resources, you'll know it's working when you see new open orders issued while browsing Mt Gox.
Then you can start playing with the Strategy parameters and watch the open orders distribution being affected.
At anytime you can delete any of the orders or issue manual orders to get the bot to produce a new ditribution.
Your extreme orders (lowest bid / highest ask) are specifically important because inner orders value are computed as a linear function of the price; it's based on those points, and other strategy parameters defining the minimal orders (closest to the ticker) as a percentage of those extreme orders. 
@_date: 2011-11-04 17:10:14
Sure, go ahead.
@_date: 2011-11-04 11:28:52
I've started looking at a way to do add that feature.
I stopped by lack of time and also because I couldn't find historical data with the appropriate precision. 
It seems that over large periods, the price variations get averaged as the time step is increased on all the data sets I could find, whereas accounting for small scale variations seems crucial for an appropriate simulation.
I guess I could build another bot to consolidate the data set from monitoring [MtGox history API]( on a regular basis, but if you have a better solution, that could get me started again. 
@_date: 2011-10-27 15:02:36
A potential workaround recently proposed is the concept of [Green address]( i.e. a well known address, from which you can trust transactions without having to wait for additional confirmations. 
We still have to see appropriate implementations on the receiving ends though, and you might also argue that given the additional trust required, you could very well go for MtGox 2 MtGox [instant voucher transactions]( or any similar kind of traditional centralized subsystem.
@_date: 2011-11-04 14:23:52
Cheers. 
Again I reckon we should be able to increase the profitability by figuring out an optimal strategy. 
Thanks in advance if you can give it a try.