@_author: jessicaau
@_date: 2014-02-09 03:01:43
The opportunity for MtGox fraud exists because people convert their BTC to Fiat, but don't withdraw their fiat. The same also applies for those who deposit BTC and trade, but never withdraw either their bitcoins or fiat.
There is also the potential for fractional reserve bitcoin banking inside MtGox. Much like fractional gold (early 16th century) or fractional cash banking which is prevalent in modern society.
The problem with your argument that the price is falling due to the fraud is incorrect. If other exchanges are sound, then there will always be someone holding and looking to purchase bitcoins whilst another person sells. Thus someone must still believe in the exchange for this to be occurring.
If your analysis were to be true, then all trades would stop on the exchanges are there is counterparty risk. i.e. There should be no trade as there is no evidence that either party is solvent, as the escrower, MtGox has potentially stolen the coins or has no fiat.
Thus, with the recent price crash, it is more plausible that someone may be selling their fraudulently obtained coins and thus depressing the price.
And no, Mark can't be arrested because they can just blame it on a rogue employee scapegoat or a "hack attack".
@_date: 2014-02-09 03:12:38
MtGox redeemable codes, much like on btc-e.
@_date: 2014-02-09 03:33:29
This is just a marketing technique employed by Russian Enthusiasts to promote their Olympics.
I doubt the transactions will ever confirm as the size is too big and the outputs are less than the 5430 satoshi minimum.
Anyway, don't worry, the transaction will disappear after a few days. 
@_date: 2014-02-09 03:23:17
The problem is which exchanges are doing this?
I know most of the ones offering bonuses to keep your BTC deposited are scammers employing the tactics you have mentioned. I mean how could they profit by giving you free money for a simple deposit. People should really use their heads and this is why I have blacklisted all exchanges that employ these tactics.
I've been trying to hedge my bitcoins in fiat, but at the moment I'm too scared to put any coins into any exchange in the consequence that these other exchanges have money stuck in MtGox arbitraging and therefore they would all fall like dominoes when the final collapse arises.
Sometimes it's better to lose money and be safe than to risk your money ending up inside an insolvent exchange. Most business people would rather not do business with a firm that has gone under.
There was a legal case about a person who bought a car from an insolvent dealership. That person never got delivery of their car as the administrator took the funds that the car dealership received and started to pay off it's creditors. The contract was made right there and then. The person then goes to sue the dealership for breach of contract, but the dealership is already insolvent and they are unsecured creditors that will get nothing.
If MtGox was the only problem, then the price of bitcoins should not have fallen. The fact is that there is counterparty risk on all exchanges because the exchange itself is acting as escrow. If that escrow scams you, then you are seriously messed up and without your underwear. If people were serious about the risks of trading, they should stop trading altogether as there is no sign that the counterparty is solvent. Smart people have stopped depositing funds and are starting to withdraw all of them.
