@_author: jesusgreen
@_date: 2018-01-16 10:57:03


Damn right it does.
Bring on the decentralised exchanges ;D
@_date: 2018-01-13 10:36:03
Quick question - is there a *good* exchange that works in the EU, covers both BTC and a wide selection of altcoins, and allows you to withdraw into fiat? I'm basically thinking something like Poloniex but with actual fiat withdrawals and not just Tether. 
I basically want to be able to buy more BTC, buy some Monero and other alts etc all on one site, and use the same site if I need to withdraw anything. 
Bonus points if lots of the smaller altcoins/less often traded are available. 
@_date: 2018-01-16 22:46:42
...And we're back to 11k.
@_date: 2017-12-11 15:10:34
When did I accuse anyone who disagrees with me of being emotional? I'm saying that purchasing Bitcoin purely because of the hype and hoping to "get rich quick" is an emotional decision, and not a sound one. If you don't have a real reason to believe that Bitcoin's current price is below it's real value/future value, then you shouldn't be purchasing it. 
If you disagree with me and think Bitcoin does not have a future, and decide not to invest - then that's not an emotional decision, that's an equally sound rational decision based on your evaluation of Bitcoin's future. 
TL;DR: Do your best to understand Bitcoin, and evaluate for yourself whether or not you think it will be successful, and whether you think the current price is above or below it's real value. Make your decision whether to invest or not based on that. If you think BTC is undervalued, invest. If you think the current price is too high and it's overvalued, don't invest. If you're not confident either way, don't invest until you are. Never invest based on "woo it's so high, I hope I get rich!! cross your fingers for me!" 
@_date: 2017-12-10 17:32:35
I am all dumb on this blessed day 
@_date: 2017-12-28 12:08:08
I know most people here are reading this and thinking: Yeah that's pretty obvious, I'm sure everyone knows that.. but nope, threads like this are absolutely something we need. Recently the last few people that have asked me about Bitcoin and whether it's worth investing in, were all considering getting a few people together to get the ~$12-17K they needed to buy one. None of them realised they could simply buy a fraction right now without needing to get a whole group of people to put their money together, until I explained it to them. 
I'm sure that a lot of the people who think it's "too late to invest in Bitcoin" don't even actually think that the price isn't going up any further - they simply can't afford to buy a whole Bitcoin and don't realise that they don't have to.
This is also a reason for people thinking the price is too high. If you think of a Bitcoin like a dollar or a euro, then a $15-20k+ price tag is fucking ridiculous, even a $100 price tag is ridiculous. When you realise that a Bitcoin can be split 100,000,000 different ways though, and that transactions are meant to be made in tiny fractions of Bitcoins, and that the supply is limited to just under 21M BTC, the price actually seems somewhat on the low side. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 09:49:30
A few things: 
- First of all, a lot of the "panic" wasn't actually genuine users panicking, but people with interests elsewhere pretending to panic so as to encourage others to do so.
- A LOT of people have bought into Bitcoin for no other reason that hoping they'll get rich off it. With zero understanding of Bitcoin, these people just see it as a big bubble that they're hoping to ride before it pops. These people expect a long ride straight up and think the slightest downward price trend means it's over. 
- A lot of even those people who have taken their investments more seriously have never invested in anything before crypto, and so don't really know how to handle the emotional swings that can be caused by rapid price movements in either direction.
Perhaps most importantly: 
Fear of losing something or being harmed in some way typically overrides critical thinking. When someone is in a panicked state, considering the prospect of their investment becoming worthless - they don't even stop to consider why they invested, whether anything about the inherent value of Bitcoin has changed, etc. To them it's just "I have to act fast before I lose money!" and rash decisions.
That's why I recommend having plans in place *before* investing in Bitcoin.
IMO anyone investing in Bitcoin should do a few things:
- Come up with your own valuation of the currency, both a conservative estimate (i.e. if Bitcoin is still alive and kicking 5-10 years from now, its price couldn't realistically be below this number) and an upper limit (i.e. if Bitcoin surpasses this number, it's probably a bubble and unlikely to stay at that price). It's pretty easy to make your own calculations, just take the amount of money you think will eventually be in Bitcoin x years from now, and divide that by the total supply of Bitcoins, and you get a price.
- Based on that price, decide on what your goals are with regards to holding BTC. Do you intend to hold it until it can be used as day to day currency (if you even think that will happen)? Do you have a particular price goal in mind at which point you want to cash out completely? Work these things out beforehand so that you don't end up attempting to rely on emotional highs and lows and making split second decisions that end up losing you large amounts of money. 
- Write down, in detail, why you are invested in Bitcoin, despite such a high price. What makes you believe that the price will continue to go up? Write down as many reasons as possible. The next time you're panicking about a dip, pull out this list and ask yourself one simple question: *Has anything changed?*
- Come up with a number for a lower limit, a threshold below which if Bitcoin crosses you make a decision to cash out in the event that something terrible *did* happen to Bitcoin's price. Try to set this number extremely low so as not to start selling on every dip. The point of this number is so that when you're afraid and panicking, you have a simple easy way to make non-emotional decisions. Check the number - is BTC below this number? No? Has anything about your reasons for investing changed? No? Then keep holding, easy as that.
The next thing I want to suggest is thinking of BTC like a growing adolescent, as that's somewhat the stage BTC is in. There are growing pains, the future isn't entirely certain, and there's a lot that still needs to be solved - but isolating a teenager in a locked safe room where nothing can harm them is not how you make them strong and capable. People learn by being exposed to a world in which they face challenges, in which people and things get in their way, in which it's not plain sailing the whole way.
BTC is the same. These sorts of events are GOOD for BTC. When I see the spammers come out in hordes, BCH price pumping, and BTC price tanking, I get excited. Why? Well it's simple: I know these are the trials that help BTC grow and get more confidence from investors. If BTC can't survive a little attack or a pump and dump every so often, then BTC is not something I want to be invested in. Yet, BTC has shown time and time again, that it survives everything anyone throws at it, and comes out of it stronger.
@_date: 2017-12-12 10:06:09
I don't think he even necessarily approached them. 
I think it's just lazy researching. Remember, Roger Ver owns Bitcoin.com. I feel like that's exactly what you'd expect someone uneducated on Bitcoin to do. Go to Bitcoin.com and see what they can find out. Then oh look who owns the site at the bottom! Great, let's invite him on the show!
@_date: 2017-12-09 21:34:56
+1 on the flairs idea. That would be nice. I've found subreddits that enable flairs and searching by flairs tend to be the easiest to navigate since you can just select the kind of posts you're looking for and filter out all the rest. 
@_date: 2017-12-06 12:03:28
When deciding whether to invest in any cryptocurrency, I think you really need to look at the foundation of each coin you want to invest into.
Things like:
- Who is working on the coin, how big is the team, how often is it updated
- The future roadmap of the coin, what the coin is planning to do next, and how that will improve or hinder the network
- The current adoption of the coin: how many wallets support it, how many exchanges trade it, how many exchanges trade it for USD, how many people use it, how many stores accept it
The last one in particular is a nail in the coffin for BCash. 
If some day down the line, the BCash folks were smart enough to make a few changes that for whatever reason made the chain way better than the core chain, more appealing, and it somehow were to become the dominant chain..
...there would first be a long process over months/years of growing adoption by exchanges, vendors, users, programmers. 
I firmly believe that the reason BTC crashed so hard when it first rose about $1100 years ago, was not even to do with China, Mt.Gox, etc. Yes those things triggered the initial sell offs, but the reason it crashed so hard was that it was simply massively overvalued.
BTC did not have any sort of widespread adoption at that time. Most of the trading all happened on one rather fraudulent exchange. The main actual real world use for BTC was just buying illegal drugs online. BTC had no foundation, and as such, a $1100 price was not sustainable.
Now years later, BTC has matured. It DOES have adoption. Certainly not as widespread as it one day will be, but there are ATMs all over the world. There are lots of stores, including big names like Microsoft, Steam etc, accepting BTC. Perhaps most importantly, but something little acknowledged, is the presence of Bitcoin debit cards. 
While BTC debit cards have their disadvantages, it used to be a favourite quote of those anti-bitcoin to say something along the lines of "you can't buy your groceries with it". Well guess what, in 2017, you can.
All of this, means BTC is no longer over-valued, particularly with how exponentially fast adoption is increasing due to the increased media attention etc.
BCH does not have any of these things. While I personally believe in BTC over BCH, I'm not going to rule out the possibility of BCH becoming better than it is today and growing in price and adoption.. but that's a slow process. If you see a price climbing up ridiculously, but the adoption, the foundation, just isn't there.. then guess what, *that* is a bubble, and it's going to burst. 
Anyway, think of it like this. Better you sold at $5600 and bought at $12500, than you sold at $12500 and bought at $25000. As long as we learn from our mistakes, they aren't such a bad thing.
@_date: 2017-12-02 22:31:44
Another thing with regards to the current price not being high: "$10,000 per Bitcoin? That's ridiculous, how can anyone expect it to be worth that much.." is something you say/think when you think of a Bitcoin like a single unit of currency.
A single Bitcoin was never designed to be like a single dollar. There will only ever be just under 21 million Bitcoins, and so if Bitcoin even just achieves as many users as Paypal, you could at most expect an average user to have a tenth of a Bitcoin. 
If Bitcoin were to reach just 1/10th of Gold's market cap, due to it's limited supply, the price would have to be a minimum of around ~$33,000, even if all 21,000,000 coins were currently in circulation. With the current numbers it would be more like ~$42,000.
If Bitcoin ever reaches a similar market cap to Gold, we would see a price in the $300,000-400,000+ region.
That comparison to Gold is one that I don't even think is fair. After all, Bitcoin is a store of value similar to gold, but is also a currency that can be used for transactions, and this makes it immensely more valuable in my opinion.
If you keep that in mind, and you have faith in the eventual widespread adoption of Bitcoin, then it's not hard to imagine a world in which Bitcoin reaches a larger market cap than Gold. 
There is not any world in which Bitcoin is a major success in which the price can remain as low as it currently is. So unless you don't believe Bitcoin will ever reach widespread adoption or succeed in the long run, it would be foolish to think that the current price is high.
@_date: 2017-12-24 00:05:31
It does calculate the fraction of the decimal. Also:
Current difficulty is 1,590,896,927,258.
That means with a hash rate of 10,500, you can at best hope to get  on average 1/151513993th of the block reward. 
That's ~0.000000008 BTC
That's less than a single Satoshi. So I'm not even entirely sure you're able to even get ANY reward. As you can't be paid a fraction of a Satoshi.
Also you said "100 satoshi = 0.00000001 BTC"
That's not true. 0.00000001 BTC is 1 Satoshi. 
100 satoshi = 0.000001 BTC
If you want to mine with phones, CPUs, etc, mine an altcoin. It's actually profitable. For BTC? Not so much.
@_date: 2017-12-10 12:12:58
Nice try, Satoshi. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 10:04:46
Same here. Reporting can be lazy at times. We have to remember, Roger Ver owns Bitcoin.com. I can just picture it. Some CNBC researcher trying to figure out who's an expert in the Bitcoin community, and noticing the guy owns "Bitcoin.com" and figuring he's a good bet. 
@_date: 2017-12-05 17:56:13
It's also important to remember that the situation changes. You're playing poker, and your hole cards are 2-7 offsuit, you have literally the worst odds out of any hand, you're right to fold. For whatever reason you make the unprofitable play and get involved in the hand, and the flop comes 227, you're now in a different situation.
That doesn't mean that you should start stacking off with 27o just because of that one time you hit the full house and stacked the other players. 
This is a situation you see in poker all the time. Weak players overplaying weak hands because they've seen even the weakest hands win some big pots sometimes, so they elect to get involved with them "just in case", when really you should be more selective about which hands you play. If you fold your 27o pre-flop and the flop comes 227, it doesn't mean you made a bad decision, you might have won some money that time if you called, but all the other times you'd have lost money. 
Bitcoin now in late 2017 is like a made hand. You'd be silly not to keep betting on it, but it didn't start off that way. "Preflop" it didn't look so pretty. 
Bitcoin back in say 2012 or 2013 though, certainly wasn't a bad hand like 27o, but it was like holding a weak pocket pair preflop. You've got great odds to take down a huge pot if you make a set (three of a kind), but you've only got 7.5 to 1 odds of making that set, because the board is generally going to have overcards, those times you don't hit, you don't have a hand worth defending and often simply lose your money.
It was obvious the rewards would be extraordinary if Bitcoin did see widespread adoption, but the chances that it would were still relatively low at the time. Just like a weak pocket pair, it was probably a smart idea to invest a little back then, but the odds probably weren't in your favour for going all in. So don't beat yourself up for not throwing all your savings into BTC, as at the time, that was probably an unwise and risky decision. Should you probably have invested a little? Probably, but it's not the end of the world.
It just so happens, we hit our set, and Bitcoin is paying off, but those early days when you didn't invest things were a lot less certain, and so your decision not to invest wasn't so misguided.
Just my 2c. Make of that what you will ;)
@_date: 2017-12-03 11:11:52
^ Also good if you don't earn particularly much/don't have much in the way of savings to even make a lump sum investment, and so it's easier to just put [x] amount in every week/month. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 10:13:59
I think this is very positive. Looks like it was a very well thought out statement, and I agree with the overall sentiment. Seemed to manage to remain relatively unbiased, and warn people of potential risks, as well as give some solid advice for those thinking of investing. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 09:14:43
I understand them, it's pretty simple. A lot of people are just in Bitcoin because they saw how fast it's going up, or their friend who's a little wiser on Bitcoin eventually convinced them to invest.
They have little understanding of Bitcoin, and don't understand that we're past the tipping point and it's very unlikely that Bitcoin doesn't take off. They also don't understand why the price seems so high, and that this price *actually is rather low* if you consider the fact that if BTC were to reach similar adoption to gold, we'd see a price of at least $330,000. 
I've seen it myself on some sites I use. I've tried to introduce discussion of cryptocurrency to any site I use where I haven't seen a thread. A lot of people don't understand it and so I'll explain it and why I believe in the technology. Some people come in all excited though and start talking about how much money they're making with Bitcoin. In some cases, great, but sometimes those people start talking about how it's all just a gamble and timing the market before the price eventually goes down.
If you think BTC is a gamble. If you think that $17K is high because you think of a single BTC as a unit of currency. If you don't understand the technology. If you can't make some simple price calculations based on how much money, gold, etc are in circulation and make some estimates on what the price could be if wider scale adoption took place. If your only source of information is news programs on the TV where one tells you that BTC will be $1M and another tells you it's a bubble that's going to burst tomorrow.
If most/all of those things are true, then you're probably a gambler, rather than an investor. 
At the poker table, you'd be a "fish" or a "whale", one of the people the good players can milk for endless money. Why? One simple reason. You don't understand the fundamentals of what you are actually doing, and so your decisions are made entirely based on emotion.
The fish in poker plays bad terrible hands that in the long run aren't profitable, because "that one time he saw a guy win a huge pot with 2-7 offsuit". The fish in poker often plays too aggressively when he has nothing, because the allure of potential gains shuts off his critical thinking and blinds him to the fact that his constant bluffs with air will just result in him losing his bankroll. The fish in poker often plays too passively at other times, because he's playing scared money, worried too much about what he could lose if he gets invested in a big pot.
The same is true for Bitcoin. Many people are investing because of their emotions. The simple allure of "getting rich quick". Those people then make further decisions based on their emotions. These are the people who sell during a dip because they panic and are afraid of losing everything.. then buy back in on the next peak because of the fear of missing out. These are the people who sold their BTC, bought Bitcoin Cash when folks were spreading FUD and telling everyone BCH was going to be the new Bitcoin... and then waited so long to realise their mistakes, that they had to buy back in to BTC at double the price they sold at.
**Are you one of these people? If you are, that's okay, you're human. Humans are emotional creatures. If you want to actually see your investments make you money though, you need to take the emotion out of your decision.**
Emotions never made anyone money in the financial world. Rational decisions, logic, and a clear head are what make you money.
Study Blockchain and Bitcoin. Learn how to make your own price predictions. Learn about different investment strategies and find which works for you (if you're lazy and want a simple lower risk strategy, try dollar cost averaging). Take some time to genuinely weigh up the pros and cons of Bitcoin and assess whether you think Bitcoin will take off, and if so, what % chance you think it has of doing that. Keep studying Bitcoin, and Blockchain. Study Bitcoin's roadmap. What features are planned for the next month? 6 months? Year? How will these features improve or detract from Bitcoin? Will this affect the chances of it becoming widely adopted? In what way? Will they help it along - or do they pose a threat to Bitcoin's future?
These are the things that should be influencing your decision to invest, as well as how much you decide to invest, how often, etc. When you're comfortable in your knowledge of *why* you invested, and nothing has happened to change that reason for investing, then you can weather the dips, and stop feeling like you smoked crack every time there's a new ATH. 
Alongside basing your decisions in an understanding of why you're making them - you also need to be careful how much you invest. If you put too much in, you'll know because even if you're confident in Bitcoin's future, you'll still panic every time the price dips even half a percent. You should never put in so much that the price dips and jumps get you all emotional, because that's an easy way to lead yourself into making poor financial decisions with that investment down the line. 
Sure investing twice as much might net you twice as much in the way of profits if all goes well.. but that's dependent on you not touching your Bitcoin. If you're twice as emotional, you're twice as liable to make silly decisions like selling during a dip, rebuying at ATHs, and then selling during the next dip over and over again. After a few of these decisions, you might find yourself with less BTC/money invested than if you just invested half as much in the first place. 
A good strategy is simply pretending that money no longer exists. I like to say I don't have any money in Bitcoin. I don't have my current BTC amount x the BTC price in dollars. I just have my current BTC amount. Sure, I pay attention to the price and every so often check how much I'd have if I were to cash it out, because it's nice to see my investment hit certain milestones - but in my mind, that money is gone. I didn't invest it, I spent it. It was a purchase.
This little reframe makes it so that if my investment drops in value 40% overnight, I don't feel like I lost money. I already spent my money, I haven't lost any more when the value dropped. I'm not selling any BTC any time soon so it doesn't matter what arbitrary value I get if I multiply my current BTC by the dollar price. 
@_date: 2017-12-10 18:20:10
This is wonderful. What a wonderful Christmas present. Surprises from yourself are always the best. I still remember how fucking excited I was when I found $100 that I left in my cupboard and had forgotten about. So I can't even begin to fathom the amount of excitement I'd have felt for over 900K.
Merry Christmas to you and your family. Enjoy it!
@_date: 2017-12-27 10:52:39
Awesome! &amp; Good job letting people know about the lower fees. Seems people usually only care when they're high, and make no mention of them when they drop down.
@_date: 2017-12-24 00:59:37
Even 6000 satoshis in a year is impossible with your hardware and mining the actual BTC chain. Hence, it's likely that it's mining some kind of altcoin, or is simply a scam. 
@_date: 2017-12-01 23:20:49
People I talk to still think it's some crazy bubble that we're all trying to gamble on hoping to get rich. I'm sure that's the case for plenty of people, though I'm personally invested in Bitcoin because I believe in the technology, not because I hope to get rich. (In fact, given the choice, I'd rather Bitcoin was worth $1/BTC and I lost my investment but was widely adopted, than was worth $500,000 but never saw worldwide adoption) 
..That said, a lot more people same aware of what it is now. I casually update a lot of people I know on the price just out of my excitement to see it grow, and in the past I've had to explain to most of them what Bitcoin even is.. but now I'm getting people mentioning that they already knew the price because they saw it on the news etc. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 14:29:56
Meanwhile at James' house:
@_date: 2017-12-01 23:25:38
Honestly, brag, I tried not to originally but fuck it. When Bitcoin is in a dip and someone says Bitcoin is a bubble, a scam, etc and I need to sell it, I link them to this video: 
Then, when it inevitably goes back up, I'll be like "This one time.." and insert the relevant price points and then point out the new ATH.
I've never been much of an "I told you so" guy until Bitcoin, but damn it feels good when someone completely belittles Bitcoin and then you prove them wrong very quickly. 
@_date: 2017-12-03 11:46:08
It's not the amount of BTC that matters, it's the transaction size.
You can use this website to calculate approximate fees: 
Some people have told me that the fees the site suggests are ever so slightly on the high side, so you might be able to use a little less. Not sure how true that is or not since I've always erred on the safe side and just used what they suggested. 
Usually clients will have an option to specify satoshis per byte or BTC/kbyte. So that handles the whole size calculation for you.
@_date: 2017-12-01 23:43:51
Yeah that's true. For me it's less to do with my small investment and more to do with Bitcoin itself though, I like showing people that no, Bitcoin dropping in price 30-40% or whatever is completely normal, happens all the time, and doesn't mean Bitcoin is dead. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 18:33:15
You should use GDAX if you want to avoid fees. It's part of Coinbase so you don't even need to make a new account, you can just move your coins there from Coinbase, and transfer them without any fees. 
Yes there are numerous scaling fixes coming in 2018. Lightning Network. Rootstock. Etc. 
If you need immediate transactions now with no fees, I suggest looking at Iota. No fees whatsoever. BTC currently serves better as a store of value than as a medium for smaller transactions, as scaling is still being worked on. 
@_date: 2017-12-24 01:04:41
Update: I looked into the app in question. It is in fact a scam. Numerous people claim to have reached the 450,000 satoshis and the app just crashes and doesn't let them withdraw. No surprises there. 
Good rule of thumb: If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is. 
I'm guessing you got suckered in by the 5* reviews on the Play store. Those 5* reviews are there because the app was offering to pay people 50,000 satoshis for leaving 5* reviews. 
@_date: 2017-12-02 01:30:27
The $1/BTC was an extreme example to illustrate a point. I wouldn't want BTC to be that low a price, and for obvious reasons it simply couldn't be. I honestly think the current price at ~$11K is actually very *low*, for the reason you mentioned.. 
..but basically, my point was, I would rather see BTC thrive even if it meant me losing money, than to profit from BTC only for it to be a bubble and then die. :)
Realistically I think those things aren't mutually exclusive though ;)
@_date: 2017-12-23 23:52:45
No, there is no difference. You are mining BTC, satoshis is just a division of BTC and your mining software is telling you that you are getting satoshis because you are getting such a small fraction of BTC due to your mining equipment simply not being satisfactory.
If you left those devices mining for the next 200 years, you would still not make the 0.0045 BTC minimum payout.
It is simply not feasible to mine with devices that mine in the KH/S or even MH/s (which is 1000x more than KH/s)
Your devices, averaging 3.5KH/s each, give you a total hashrate of 10.5KH/s. Or 10,500 hashes per second. 
A single Antminer S9, is 14TH/s. Or 14,000,000,000,000 hashes per second.
If you had literally one BILLION devices all mining at your hash rate, it wouldn't even catch up to a single Antminer. That's how ridiculously low the hash rate on your devices is.  
@_date: 2017-12-10 20:04:29
Holding or not holding should be an easy decision.
Did you invest in Bitcoin because you believe in its long term success, and that the underlying technology is a fundamentally good investment? 
If not, and you just invested because you saw the number going up and were hoping to get rich quick - then that's just gambling and crossing your fingers, and is a good way to lose money.
...but assuming that IS why you invested. Then what's changed? Has the technology changed? Is there a reason to believe that it will not be successful in the future? Has something major happened that changes everything?
If not, then why would you ever feel any less secure in your investment just because the price went down?
Prices go up, down, sideways, and the current location of the price doesn't tell you much about what it's going to be worth tomorrow. You need to decide *before* you invest, if BTC is something you believe holds future value years from now. 
If you believe that, then it shouldn't matter whether tomorrow's price is $50,000, $15,000, or $5, because Bitcoin's price doesn't affect it's true value, but Bitcoin's true value does, over the long term, affect it's price. 
Rather than getting worked up over every price movement, try to take a week to really study Bitcoin, why it was created, what it does, and understand it's implications. At the end of that week, decide: Does this look like something that will receive widespread adoption? If it receives widespread adoption, with a fixed supply of 21,000,000 BTC, what can we expect the price to be? Do I feel comfortable investing based on these factors?
If you decide based on that you feel comfortable investing, then do so, and don't worry about whether the price goes up or down tomorrow. Unless something changes about the underlying technology or the roadmap to change your faith in Bitcoin, keep hodling :)
@_date: 2017-12-11 16:53:40
So, my target audience for my products/videos/etc have nothing to do with cryptocurrency, but I'd like to encourage some of them to learn about Bitcoin and crypto. 
To do this, one thing I've considered is making my next product something that can be purchased by Bitcoin.. but not just any purchase, I want it to be one of those "pay as much or as little as you want" deals, where someone can pay just a few satoshis for it if they don't want to shell out more. Or if they really liked it they can send $50 worth of BTC or something. I think this'll attract some people to buying a small amount of BTC just so they can get it cheaper than my regular products, so might encourage people to explore BTC. 
I'm not particularly skilled in web development/coding and so my question is: Is there any existing online store software that does this / an easy way to automate this? 
@_date: 2017-12-06 11:31:02
Absolutely. As I said in another thread, $12K only looks big if you think of a Bitcoin as a single unit of currency. It's not, and was never intended to be. There will only ever be just under 21M BTC in circulation, and even that many won't be for a long time. If BTC reaches even 1/10th of the adoption of Gold, we can expect a price of $33,000-40,000+ minimum. If BTC ever reaches the same level of adoption as a store of value as Gold, even without seeing wider spread adoption as a currency, we're talking a price above $330,000+ 
The only words in which Bitcoin can stay this low in price are worlds in which Bitcoin never succeeds and sees adoption. So unless you believe Bitcoin is doomed to be forgotten, this is absolutely still early.
@_date: 2017-12-27 10:36:34
You should mention in the original post that you're using Segwit. It's honestly posts like these that might convince users to switch. A lot of people are very unlikely to switch until they realise that they themselves can save some money in future by using Segwit transactions. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 01:12:35
...they've said it for less. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 09:42:09
Tweet your issue and ticket number at 
That should help. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 01:32:12
Meanwhile in Korea it's 17K already on Bithumb. I'm guessing the price there is inflated, but hey that means we have a good chance of seeing 20K in at least one country before the end of the year. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 17:05:14
I'll give you a clue:




These two things are not the same.
If you'll just continue reading onto the next bullet point, you'll see I talk about reasons for people panicking. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 15:45:59
The futures aren't settled in actual Bitcoin. You're just paid the cash difference between your buy price and the final price at the end of the contract (or have to pay the difference if you made the wrong bet). 
@_date: 2017-12-24 00:46:11
Your hardware definitely hasn't mined 56,000 satoshis in 10 hours. It sounds like one of two things:
Either 1) The software in question is a scam (like many such mining programs that promise high return rates)
Or 2) The software is actually mining altcoins, but just converting the earnings to BTC, and paying you in BTC. This is plausible, and would explain the numbers.
You're definitely not mining 56,000 actual satoshis in 10 hours with 10.5KH/s. That would take years (read: thousands of years), not hours. You certainly could be mining the equivalent of that in ETH or some other altcoin though, which might be what's actually going on behind the scenes. 
When it comes time to payout you'll find which it is.
@_date: 2017-12-08 15:24:51
We're literally massively up for the last like.. 30 hours, not even just the week.
@_date: 2017-12-03 12:00:29
You don't need to if your wallet has an option to specify satoshis/byte or BTC/kbyte. The number of inputs/outputs affect how large the transaction site in bytes is. If you're entering a satoshis/byte number into the client then it absolutely doesn't matter how big the size is, because it'll calculate the appropriate fee for you. 
Here's a quick explanation of inputs and outputs: 
@_date: 2017-12-08 15:36:30
Quick heads up for those new to Bitcoin: Prices don't just go straight up. They go up, they go down, sometimes they even stay around the same price point and the chart seems to just go sideways for a while. 
Don't expect the price to go 15K, 16K, 17K, 18K, 19K, 20K, and so on. It's more likely to go 15K, 17K, 16K, 15K, 17K, 18K, etc. It jumps up and down.
Whenever you get concerned about a price movement, zoom out of the chart and take a look at the bigger picture.
How is the current price compared to yesterday?
What about compared to last week?
What about last month?
Currently coindesk is showing the price at $15,585, which is lower than the $17,100+ it showed at peak times yesterday, for sure.. 
But it's still ~$1.5K higher than what the price started yesterday at (~$14K)
It's ~$4.9K higher than the price it was a week ago ($10.6K)
It's ~$8K higher than the price it was a month ago ($7.5K)
This dip isn't even lower than yesterday morning's price. I wouldn't even consider this a real dip. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 20:22:19
My reaction: 
@_date: 2017-12-24 01:54:27
You didn't need to, it was easy to find after the picture you posted.
@_date: 2017-12-27 10:30:29


And this right here ladies and gentlemen, is it. 
I personally couldn't give a rat's ass what someone is posting on or about BTC or [insert altcoin here]. Nor do I care about what today's price is, or what the latest headline is. Sure, I look at the price, I check the headlines, I read through the various Bitcoin related forums - but that's just because it's interesting to watch adoption grow. None of these places are a source for any of my decisions regarding Bitcoin. (Don't get me wrong, I like this subreddit, but in this day and age a forum is rarely a good primary source of information, based on the reasons outlined in Andreas' post)
What I care about is:
- Who is developing this technology?
- What exactly does this technology do for me/you?
- What does the current roadmap look like for the next couple of years?
- Will these changes improve or detract from the technology?
- What hurdles could we potentially face along the way?
- What are we going to do if we encounter them?
- What hurdles have we faced already, and did we overcome them?
- Is adoption growing?
- If adoption continues to grow, based on the limited fixed supply, how much money do I see entering the sphere? &amp; What does that mean for the price? [Insert simple price estimate dividing total money entering BTC / 21M]
- Based on all that, do I believe I should be invested in BTC currently?
- If so, how much am I comfortable having invested?
- Have any recent events changed anything about the inherent value of Bitcoin to influence this decision in either direction?
Don't base your investment decisions or your support or lack of support for a particular technology on what some people on an online forum tell you - since, yes, there are bad actors everywhere. 
Yes, that includes my post. Bad actors take their time writing out longer posts too, so a post like mine could just as easily be there to manipulate you - so don't take my word for it either.
Simply do your own research into any technology like this that you're interested in, and let that help you make decisions rather than the opinions of others. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 12:37:30
Satoshis or µBTC in my opinion. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 10:01:56
I wrote them a lengthy message explaining why Roger Ver is perhaps not the best mouthpiece for Bitcoin given his recent preference for Bitcoin Cash. Then I talked about Andreas and some of his qualifications, talking about the recent story with the outpouring of donations for him, and recommended that they invite him to appear on the show.
I think if anyone has the time, they should write their own email, rather than copy-pasting one of the examples in the thread. Yes, even a copy-pasted email will show your support and show that more people want him to appear on the show, but if more people take the time to write their own emails, give their own reasons for wanting him to appear etc - the chances of them being taken seriously are a lot higher. 
@_date: 2017-12-25 19:11:41
Well here, have my updoots. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 17:11:21
I have a couple of suggestions. One, the Sea Shephard Conservation society:  - they're a non-profit with the goal of marine wildlife conservation.
Another suggestion: On one of the 25 days, hold a competition over in or somewhere similar, hold a competition where you encourage people to submit business ideas that can be started for &lt; $7,500. The person you think has the most well thought out idea, gets 0.5 BTC to invest in their idea, with the other 0.5 going to a BTC-accepting charity of their choice. 
@_date: 2018-05-11 11:28:21
Looks like it's a screenshot of a photo of his phone. Should have taken a photo of the screenshot and screenshotted and uploaded that for good measure.
@_date: 2017-08-04 07:27:35
Quick questions. I exported my private keys from Electrum prior to August 1st for the split.
**Question 1:** Am I able to use these keys to claim some BCH as well? Or am I right in thinking I made a mistake, and I was actually supposed to import the keys into some other wallet that supported BCH before August 1st if I wanted BCH?
**Question 2:** If I'm unable to use those keys themselves to claim BCH. Am I able to claim it as an Electrum user? I heard that Electrum does support BCH in some shape or form? So how do I get my BCH?
**Question 3:** Assuming I can get some BCH (if it's impossible for me now, then you don't need to answer this question) - where's the best place to trade it for BTC?
@_date: 2017-08-30 12:32:26
I live in Poland but I earn my money in $ so I mostly pay attention to the USD price and then convert to my local currency (PLN) after the fact. 
@_date: 2017-01-12 11:11:44
I don't even want to go back to look at my 2011 conversations regarding Bitcoin. Back then I was 18 and not the sharpest tool in the shed, going through a phase of experimenting with drugs, and so me and a friend decided to buy some Bitcoin to spend on a certain major black market that used to be around that you'll all have heard of by now.
After we ordered what we wanted (which cost around 5BTC) I remember we had a bunch of BTC left over. I remember talking to my friend and to others about how maybe we should hold on to the BTC, since it had gone up from ~$3 to like $5-6 or so, and I thought it might go up again. After much debate my friends convinced me that I should just get rid of the remaining BTC since it wouldn't go up.
@_date: 2017-08-05 21:55:45
I want it.
@_date: 2017-08-15 14:24:39
Thankfully I got in on the ViaBTC free accelerator batch for the next hour, and my transaction went through about 15-20 minutes later. So everything is resolved now.
Thanks for the help!
@_date: 2017-08-28 19:14:05
^ This needs to be upvoted. They aren't protecting crypto, this is in fact a direct attack on crypto. 
@_date: 2017-01-10 13:36:03
Before or after the halving? 
My completely uneducated guess is between $1600 and $2600 for the first half of 2020, and breaking the $3000+ mark somewhere in late 2020. 
@_date: 2017-08-15 10:31:46
So it's been a long time since I've moved my BTC around. I've always just used a 50 satoshis/byte fee because that always worked well in the past.
I just noticed that now the recommended fee is a lot higher, &gt; 200 satoshis/byte.
So my question is firstly, how long should I expect to wait for this to go through?
~~Secondly are there any TX accelerators that aren't ridiculously priced? I checked one and it wanted to charge me $39.. which is not even remotely okay considering the tiny amount of BTC I'm moving.~~
(My bad: I didn't realise the ViaBTC tx accelerator still worked but had just been moved to a different address.)
@_date: 2017-08-13 09:50:08
I bought a gram of DMT for 6 Bitcoins once.
Don't get me wrong, DMT was pretty mind-blowing but.. not $25,000 mind-blowing. ��
@_date: 2017-08-27 13:42:07
First of all, don't advise anyone to go all in with their money on an investment.
I'm one of the people that believe Bitcoin is an incredibly solid investment, and it rising much further is almost certain.
The thing is though, there is never going to be complete certainty. No matter how much Bitcoin is worth at its core, there are lots of things that could occur that could cause Bitcoin to crash completely. 
- Countries around the world could make it illegal. 
- Transactions could get so slow and fees so high that interest in using it beyond investment drops off and it becomes a purely speculative currency.
- A competing cryptocurrency could offer a better solution and do everything Bitcoin does but better, causing Bitcoin to stop being the leading cryptocurrency.
- Market manipulators could cause the price to crash.
etc etc, the list goes on.
I firmly believe that Bitcoin is a solid investment, but I don't care how solid it is, no investment is guaranteed, and going all in on one isn't a wise financial decision.
Think of it like Poker. In Poker, with pocket aces, against one other player, you have about an 85% chance of winning. You have the best hand. So in theory, you should play it.
Let's say you have $100 at the table, then you might be able to put in $10, or $50, or even $100, and it'll be a good decision because of your high probability to win.
..but lets say the stakes were different. Lets say the stakes were your house, mortgage, every single penny in all of your bank accounts, and all of your possessions.
No matter how big the prize, is any situation where you have a 15% chance of losing everything you own ever remotely justifiable?
The decision to go all in is no longer a good one, because an 85% chance of getting very rich is no longer good enough to compete against a 15% chance of losing absolutely everything you own.
You need a bankroll large enough to sustain the occasional losses, for it not to be a pure gamble. If you have the bankroll to make that same 85% win decision 1000 times over, then over time with successive decisions we get closer to that 85% probability, and overall we end up profiting. If we only have the bankroll to do it once, it's a gamble. 
The same is true for investment. 
- Don't invest more than you can afford to lose.
- Always have a stop loss strategy, numbers that you'll get out at.
- Just like in poker, don't make emotional decisions. Decide beforehand numbers like how much you want to invest at most, what number you won't let Bitcoin fall below before selling in an emergency crash, etc. Stick to these numbers rather than letting the swings lead to an emotionally rash decision. Lots of people see Bitcoin dipping, and frantically cash out, then lose money when it goes back up again - because they didn't prepare a strategy, and instead let their emotions make a decision for them. Lots of other people get excited when they see Bitcoin hitting some crazy new numbers, and think that if they don't get in now, they'll miss their shot - so they invest way more than they intended to, then a correction hits, and they're now not only down a bunch, but they could have bought more Bitcoin if they'd played smart and not rushed into investing so much during an emotional price swing.
We're currently at a time where Bitcoin is charting new territory. This could mean the start of a huge upswing and seeing much larger numbers, like $10,000 or $20,000.
Or it could mean we're due a rather large correction, or several.
So personally, my unprofessional advice, would be for your friend to start putting away a small amount each month into Bitcoin. Enough that they can see some profits, but not so much that they get scared off and ditch Bitcoin if we hit correction territory soon.
After the Segwit vs Segwit2x fiasco is over, at that point I'd get them to look at how comfortable they feel with Bitcoin so far. Look at how Bitcoin is doing in general. Overall interest. How transaction speeds/fees are currently. If things are looking up or down. Then based on that, assuming all is good, I'd look at investing a more sizeable amount.
I'm not a financial adviser in the slightest though, so take all my advice with a pinch of salt. ;)
@_date: 2017-08-15 11:34:23
How can I increase sat/byte though when I already sent the transaction over an hour ago? 
@_date: 2017-08-30 11:59:47
That math though. 
@_date: 2017-08-05 19:08:58
@_date: 2017-08-11 15:49:27
People thought it was too late to join at $10. Or $100. Or $500. Or $1000. Or $2000.
If you feel like $3500 is more than a Bitcoin is worth and like the value won't increase, then Bitcoin shouldn't be the kind of fun you join anyway. If you feel like it's reached its peak, why would you be interested?
On the other hand if you do feel like it has potential for future growth, then it's never really too late.
Just my 2c. Or 2satoshis if you will ;)
@_date: 2018-06-24 17:51:34
Your mind? Not secure enough. [I say take it one step further.](
@_date: 2017-11-19 23:56:05
SLL is currency from the video game Second Life. 
Virwox is a really weird exchange like that. I remember using it back in the day because it was like the only major exchange with decent volume that allowed you to deposit via Paypal, and without verification. 
@_date: 2017-11-14 18:41:02
That makes sense. 
I suppose also something I didn't consider is the fact that since it's so far off, computers could be a lot faster and more efficient by then - so it might be easier to get into mining/less costly. Plus, with wider adoption of Bitcoin, there'll be more miners to begin with, and more people willing to mine for lower profits. 
@_date: 2017-11-11 19:41:08
He wasn't banned? He had a post removed for breaching one of the community guidelines visible in the sidebar. As I said, talking about BCash isn't banned - but topics that are SOLELY/primarily about BCash belong in or @_date: 2017-11-15 00:36:46
Just watch the video in question :) I'm not trying to be stubborn or argue with you, I just think you've misunderstood the potential issues simply increasing block-size can cause.
The guy in the video is much more technically proficient than me and explains it a lot better.
Even if you don't agree, just watch it and make your own mind up. :) It's a good talk, and he's not anti-BCH or anything like that (he's said on Twitter that both BTC and BCH can co-exist) so if you're expecting some video shitting on BCH, it's not that. He does however go into detail about why we need alternatives to scaling that aren't the obvious solution of increasing the block-size, and he explains in detail WHY that is. It's an interesting talk, watch it!
@_date: 2017-11-18 11:36:11
Synthing MDPV (the original substance in "bath salts") in his own home lab and posting about it on the internet McAfee was my favourite McAfee. 
Especially the "Oh no, I was just trolling" comments he made about it afterwards when the media got hold of that story. 
...and then the video he releases for shits and giggles right around the time he's denying it: 
Dude is nuts, but the kind of nuts I like because I'm excited to hear what he does next. 
@_date: 2017-11-16 12:11:33
Isn't what the article actually says: "We polled a bunch of people and the average number they say they'd be willing to sell their BTC at is $196,165.83"
That says very little about the actual price, just says a lot about what BTC investors are hoping for. 
@_date: 2017-11-14 18:48:04
This. This subreddit has been flooded with BCH posts, and only the trolling/outright promotion is resulting in bans. 
If anything I'd prefer if we were a little tougher on the BCH posts here and issued more bans. A ton of spam and purposeful FUD posts over the past few days. 
That includes the other side of things too (i.e. the posts shitting on BCH - don't get me wrong, I prefer BTC, but I don't really come here to read about BCH, not the good things about it, nor the bad things. This is Calling it censorship is like saying it's censorship when your post asking for advice in CS:GO gets deleted from This isn't it's @_date: 2017-11-17 00:22:37
Why would 2020 be any different in a bad way? If anything, the 2020 halvening will be better than the previous ones. The first halvening, despite happening at a time when Bitcoin was barely accepted anywhere other than illegal drug markets, caused the price to surge up, beginning the bull run that eventually led to Bitcoin breaking $1000+ for the first time.
Since the 2016 halvening the coin has been on a run up to closing in on $8000 now. Except unlike the first time when the coin rose up in value so quickly, the coin actually has value now. You can spend it. You can even get yourself a Bitcoin credit card and do your grocery shopping with it. While yes the rewards for miners temporarily drop, the price jumps up as a result, and so the miners are quickly earning as much as (or more than) before.
In 2020, I think Bitcoin will be a household name that everyone knows about, and will possibly be accepted by big names like Amazon, Ebay, Walmart etc. By then, even if miners suddenly got a lot less in the way of rewards, there'd be more miners anyway because of more people being interested in Bitcoin. On top of that though, we'll see another unfathomable spike in the price, that'll quickly put the miner's worries to rest.
Plus, since we'll be using a lot more layer 2, Lightning Network etc for transactions, Layer 1 transactions can afford to have high fees. Which means even if block rewards decrease, fees can be high, providing ample sustenance for the miners. 
@_date: 2017-11-12 07:14:38
On the current price action I feel the Warren Buffet quote is as good as ever:
*Be fearful when others are greedy, and greedy when others are fearful.*
@_date: 2017-11-15 13:46:48
I know this is great for those of us like myself who prefer BTC, but if you're reading this and upset because you prefer BCH - don't be! You'll actually get *more* BCH this way if BCH is the coin you support.
Look at it like this. If you have 1 BTC, and they just credited you with BCH, you'd have 1 BCH.
If they sell all their BCH, and give you the equivalent of 1 BCH in BTC, you'll actually be able to sell that and buy MORE than 1 BCH.
Look at it like this:
They sell your 1 BCH for $1250, and they buy say 0.176 BTC with that. 
Now BCH price drops because of the mass sales, let's say it drops all the way to $950.. well now when you sell your 0.176 BTC for $1250, you can buy 1.31 BCH.
If you truly believe in BCH, then you surely believe that it is undervalued, in which case, 1.31 BCH is better than 1 BCH even if the price temporarily drops. After all, you believe it's worth much more, so that price drop will only be very temporary. No?
So whichever side of the fence you're on, this is a good thing. 
@_date: 2017-11-11 15:44:14
Well this is so threads themselves should be about Bitcoin not Bitcoin Cash, so it makes sense to auto-moderate those threads. That's a big difference from censorship. This isn't "hey you can't ever mention Bitcoin Cash or you'll get banned", this is "this isn't the right subreddit to post altcoin threads/discussion, use or etc"
The rules themselves say:


BCash discussion still goes on here regularly, as long as it's not the main focus of your thread (if it is, there are other dedicated subreddits for that), you're not breaking any rules, so it won't be removed. 
It's like if you go on the XenForo forums and ask for help using vBulletin - it isn't the right place to ask, you should ask on the vBulletin forums. If on the other hand, you're posting something about XenForo, that also happens to touch on the subject of vBulletin briefly, then that's okay, and that would be allowed.
Same here. If your subject is primarily Bitcoin, but other altcoins are mentioned in the discussion: Okay. If your subject is primarily an altcoin/other crypto: Post it elsewhere.
Simple, and easy to understand.
@_date: 2017-11-19 15:23:43
Yep I noticed one of my local airlines (Lot) also accepts Bitcoin now. I think they have done for a while actually. 
@_date: 2017-11-13 15:12:06
Precisely. Now we just need to encourage more people to start using it. As well as pursue other scaling solutions like LN etc. 
@_date: 2017-11-18 15:44:54
The thread itself is gold too. One of my favourite posts of his:


Also, one of the tell tale signs that he actually had real PV:


@_date: 2017-11-17 10:45:51
Also: When someone you know thinks Bitcoin is a scam, and you haven't updated them about the new ATH in 10 minutes. 
@_date: 2017-11-08 12:20:11
Am I missing some predictions? Because all of the past Goldman Sachs predictions I've seen have been fairly accurate. 
The most recent one for example I recall is them predicting a rise to ~$4800 and then a drop all the way to $2800. What occurred was a rise to $5000 and a drop to $2900, very close to their predictions. 
I wouldn't worry too much right now. I think the current bull run still has a lot of steam. There's a lot of new money coming into Bitcoin, and to top it off I think just like the BCH fork, once BTC survives this next fork we'll see some more meteoric gains like last time. 
@_date: 2017-11-13 10:26:31
The trouble is, if BCH had the same kind of transaction volume as BTC did the past few days, congestion and transaction fees would be an issue there too. Not *as* bad as they were on BTC due to the higher block size, but still practically unusable.
The increased block size speeds things up, but not by *that* much. 
When hashing power is over on the BTC chain, the BCH chain itself can be slow at times. When I was selling my BCH to buy more BTC it took me about 4 hours to get a confirmation even though I put a transaction fee much higher than recommended. That's with no congestion. The fee was still low, and I wasn't in a rush, so I didn't mind, but had BCH been under the same pressure BTC was over the past few days, it would have struggled almost as much as BTC did.
Scaling is absolutely necessary, and anyone who says otherwise is silly - but simply doubling the block size isn't sufficient to protect against the issues BTC was facing over the past few days. We need a better scaling solution than that. 
@_date: 2017-11-02 22:20:53
Check this out. Someone wrote a password bruteforce script for this precise issue: 
There's also this. Note that I just found it via Google,so I can't verify the safety of the program in question. Perhaps research it first, but it looks to be a password cracker for this precise purpose: 
@_date: 2019-02-21 19:30:53
We have something in common in that all of my limited BTC stash was gifts. It's one of the reasons I'm still able to HODL and have done since it was $400/BTC. I never paid a cent (I've bought BTC in the past, just my current holdings were all gifted) so I have nothing to lose, so the swings don't really affect me. 
@_date: 2017-11-18 13:22:21
$60 a year? Jesus. Is that a normal thing in the US? Are there card fees on top of that?
My bank account here is free, although I pay 7pln (about $2) a month for my debit card. So, $24/year for the card. 
@_date: 2017-11-18 15:27:51
Never proven, sure, but at the very least I'm certain he was indulging in the PV himself at the time. At the time I was going through a bit of an experimental phase with drugs myself, and around that time became a moderator on the forum in question where he made his posts about MDPV. So I followed the whole saga post by post as it happened.
In his article where he claims it was all a practical joke, he also claims he doesn't do drugs - but it was VERY obvious from his posts that he had at the very least plenty of experience with MDPV himself. 
He also claims he's not a chemist, yet at the exact same time (2010) Wikipedia said he was working on developing natural antibiotics. He also talked about this in detail on the MDPV thread. He was also trying to develop a drug to boost female libido (which may have even been a reason why he was so interested in PV, since PV is notable for giving you a major case of the horn). He also demonstrates he has at least some knowledge of chemistry in the thread, so he would have been better off simply denying the posts were him if he really wanted us to believe he wasn't. 
He also continued to post in that thread for over a year. 
Someone (who definitely wasn't a troll) also went on to follow his synthesis steps and was able to recreate the exact same thing he described.
Plus, he posted pictures of the entire process. So, yes, it might not have been MDPV in the pictures, but the fact that the exact same process WORKED for real MDPV, suggests it was. Also, the consensus decided between the more chemistry-minded folks who read through the thread was that he wasn't trolling/making anything up. 
Tl;dr: Yes, no proof, because he's not an idiot, but I have zero doubt he was using MDPV, and I'm about 85% confident his chemistry was legitimate too. 
Not a bad thing, I think people should be able to put whatever they like in their own bodies, and if you want to conduct some scientific experiments and make something cool, go for it. I still think it was a funny series of events though. Hats off to McAfee for the ballsy video he released after too hah.
Edit: I should probably add, my original post is misleading. He wasn't synthesising anything - just trying to turn one form of MDPV into a slightly different form that allegedly gave better effects. It also was perfectly legal at the time to do what he was doing. 
If you're curious and have time, you can read through the whole saga here:
(stuffmonger = McAfee)
@_date: 2017-11-08 18:07:11
+1 for the mature decision on their part. While I was excited about getting to sell my S2Xcoins and trade them for more BTC, I think this can only spell good things for the price of BTC over the coming days/weeks. A major wall made up of uncertainty has just completely vanished. Now the bulls have a clear run up ahead. 
@_date: 2017-11-17 10:40:02
5 apparently: 
@_date: 2017-11-22 19:54:31


Average Segwit block size is around 2MB. Maximum is closer to 4MB although in reality we're unlikely to see any blocks at the upper end of that size. 


LN can already take advantage of the additional space in Segwit blocks. 


Because BCH is primarily backed by the likes of Bitmain who patented ASIC Boost and profit directly from it.
@_date: 2017-11-19 11:49:44
I think the FAQ thread needs an update. How to figure out the best transaction fees and set your own transaction fees should be Bitcoin 101, something that people find out before ever making their first transaction..
...yet in many peoples cases they don't even know you can choose fees, nevermind how to work out what a correct fee is. 
Everyone should be familiar with sites like estimatefee.com or bitcoinfees.earn.com 
@_date: 2017-11-19 11:47:23
In response to this thread, proving that people are way overspending on fees: 
...I think this FAQ needs an update. We should add a section explaining transaction fees, the difference between different wallets, setting your own fees, using sites like estimatefee.com or bitcoinfees.earn.com to work out the best fee, etc. 
I think this is one of those things that EVERY beginner should know, yet very few do. 
@_date: 2017-11-22 12:01:10
I've had relatives say the same thing to me during times when BTC price was dipping.
I just send them this video: 
...and then a few weeks later update them on the price with a "This one time, Bitcoin crashed to $3900.." 
@_date: 2017-11-11 10:51:41
I've discussed Bitcoin Cash here and I'm not banned yet? 
@_date: 2017-11-22 18:14:05
We have 2MB blocks. See: Segwit. 
Segwit also provides a temporary solution to the fees and transaction speed. Yes, unlike a simple blocksize increase, Segwit has to be adopted by a large part of the network before the majority see any benefits from it, but the point is it's there. We don't need another increase, especially with LN, RSK etc already coming very soon.
Segwit also has the additional advantage of making it much more difficult to use ASIC Boost, something that is still a problem on BCH's chain. 
@_date: 2017-11-15 00:30:10
Did you not make it to the end of the first page on your own read of the whitepaper? Or do you just tell people to read it without actually reading it yourself?


Increasing the block size alone completely removes this layer of protection from Bitcoin. The more difficult it is to run a full node or for a regular user to mine, the more and more control over the coin falls into the hands of larger mining companies with expensive hardware and equipment. 
If you read through the whitepaper, you'll see that the goal of Bitcoin is to create a trustless system. You no longer have a trustless system if you have centralisation - which bigger blocks will ultimately lead to. 
You should really watch this video: 
I don't think anyone quite explains it quite as well as he does. He clearly and concisely, and in terms even a child could understand, explains why simply increasing the block-size isn't a good solution. 
I personally have nothing against BCH, and I hope it does well and thrives! The guy in the video does too, he has said himself on Twitter that BTC and BCH can co-exist, and I agree. However, claiming that moving towards centralisation in the name of fast transactions is what Satoshi proposed in the whitepaper is ludicrous. 
@_date: 2017-11-20 01:09:45
I don't think you could withdraw to Paypal, only deposit, but my memory is kind of foggy, since it was 5-6 years ago when I used the site. 
If you mean BTC withdrawals, I definitely know there was some kind of processing going on, because I still have emails from Virwox when they declined one of my withdrawal requests and asked me for contact details since the name on the Paypal account didn't match up. 
Long story short, I was actually buying Bitcoin for a friend who wasn't familiar with the process, and so we were using his Paypal account, so the name didn't match mine. So Virwox needed further proof and we had to get him to contact them himself and provide proof of who he was and that the transactions were legitimate. Then, eventually a few hours later they let the transaction through. 
@_date: 2017-11-12 23:47:08
It's not the *root* of the problem, but it has certainly made the problem a lot worse, and caused a lot of distrust in Bitcoin, which slows adoption.
There are some good scaling solutions in the pipeline though, 
 Lightning Network and Lumino/RSK being notable ones. There's also the factor of getting wider scale adoption of Segwit. Whether these things will solve the problem remains to be seen, and I still think other solutions are needed in the long run, but the transaction issue certainly shouldn't be as big of an issue as it is *currently* in the near future.  
@_date: 2017-11-03 12:09:57
The first script in question is there in plain text to read, nothing risky in it. 
The second link I gave however, like I said, can't verify the safety of it - so I'd be hesitant about installing it without first finding out more about it. I just found it from a quick Google search.
@_date: 2017-11-14 19:38:35
Great video. He explains very clearly why big blocks aren't the solution to scaling, without going down the easy route of criticising or defaming those who push for them. 
Bitcoin without decentralisation is like a condom with a hole poked in it. It defeats the entire point of the currency. If I want fast transactions and don't care about centralisation, I'll use Paypal or Credit Card. Much simpler to use than crypto.
If I care about anonymity as well as speed and so want to use crypto on top of that, I can use something like Monero. 
If I'm looking to develop applications on the Blockchain, I can use something like Ethereum, or Rootstock on the BTC chain when it comes out.
The issue with prioritising transaction speed over decentralisation is not that transaction speed is a bad thing - it's that we already have that. You're not creating anything new or valuable. You're making a slightly inferior version of something already available to us in numerous places... and not only are you creating nothing new, but you're also losing the single most valuable thing Bitcoin offers in the process.
You could argue that high transaction fees and slow transaction times makes for less people wanting to adopt Bitcoin. You'd be absolutely correct. However, a centralised network removes ALL incentive to start using Bitcoin. Less reason to adopt vs no reason to adopt - which do you think is better?
Bitcoin, if handled carefully, can and will be the future of our financial system. If we rush and make compromises on the core features of Bitcoin just to make it more usable at a faster rate, it no longer offers an alternative to our current financial system. It'll simply die off and be forgotten. Sure, something will likely take it's place, and this time, get things right - but, why get things wrong in the first place and let the currency die when we can handle scaling correctly right from the get go?
LN, RSK, Segwit, and similar future scaling options are how we build a mature network that is *both* decentralised AND usable. 
Big blocks brings us usability NOW, at the cost of centralisation tomorrow. 
Short term thinking like that is not how you build something as important as a viable replacement the current world economy. 
For a currency that is impossible to censor, said currency must be decentralised. You'd think, with all the cries about how censored this subreddit allegedly is (Removing posts that are against the subreddit rules isn't censorship IMO - but let's play devil's advocate and pretend this place is censored) that people would care more about censorship of Bitcoin itself, which is exactly what centralisation caused by bigger blocks will lead to. 
@_date: 2017-11-12 14:30:12
The problem is that most people are not willing to research things for themselves, so they just take what information they're told first and run with it. People over here are just as guilty of it, and I highly encourage everyone, regardless of which side of the fence you fall under, to do research. By research I mean not just reading posts on and It's very easy to see the real story vs who is trying to create a fake narrative if you actually go through the facts.
Regarding the price. I think people have forgotten just how long Bitcoin stayed low after dropping from $1000. The price really couldn't climb back up as high as it previously was, because that initial price was fuelled purely by speculative investment. Adoption for Bitcoin was very low, and while the currency was promising, $1000 was certainly way above its actual real world value at the time. 
Now over the last couple of years major leaps have been made in adoption and wider spread use of Bitcoin, and this is precisely what has allowed Bitcoin to make such momentous gains over the past year. (Speculation helped fuel the rise too, but now people were no longer betting on "hopes" and future potential, but rather on something that has actual value and real world use *right now*) 
BCH does not have that, and so just like Bitcoin at over $1000 in early 2014, the BCH price movements do not have any real foundation to them. It's all speculative, and much of it is manipulation in the form of big players driving the price higher purely so they can get a quick pay-off, selling off before everyone else.
I actually don't have anything against BCH (although the motives behind it are another story), and although it might sound like blasphemy to some, I'd love to see BCH survive and do well and find it's own niche alongside Bitcoin in the long run. However, if we are to see BCH truly see a big rise in value, it will happen slowly over time as BCH adoption grows. Now is not that time. What you're seeing now is price manipulation. 
If you're confident in the technology BCH offers, and you're willing to buy in for the long haul, then go for it, but if you're just looking for a quick buck, hoping for BCH to overtake Bitcoin in the near future, I caution you to think twice.
Bitcoin has adoption and real value that helps support the price, so that it doesn't crash in the manner it did in 2014. BCH does not yet have that support. Even if it does develop that support, it will take time, and the price will reflect that. 
As I said at the top of my post, everyone should be doing their own research. So I highly encourage everyone not to believe a word I've said: instead, do some research yourself, and make an informed decision about which crypto you feel you should invest in. As always, never invest anything you can't afford to lose. 
@_date: 2017-11-03 02:09:10
Let us know how that goes! Good luck :)
@_date: 2017-11-19 18:57:03
Yep. 
@_date: 2017-11-14 21:36:13
I'm not sure what exchanges other than Kraken will sell you it for fiat. 
This is though, there's a dedicated BCH subreddit that will be able to answer you better: 
@_date: 2017-11-22 12:07:27
I use Electrum, I have the latest version with Segwit compatibility. I'd like to move all of my funds over to a Segwit wallet.
Is it just as simple as: Create new Segwit wallet, send funds to receiving address - or is there something else I have to do?
Also is it possible to create a non-bech32 address with Electrum?
I'd like to be able to receive BTC donations at the address without people donating needing to have a Segwit enabled wallet. I'd also like to be able to receive funds directly from exchanges. I believe this won't be possible until Bech32 becomes more widely used if I use a Bech32 address - is this a correct assumption?
(Sorry if this is better posted in - I'll go post it there if I don't get an answer!) 
@_date: 2017-11-11 15:06:37
...I just mentioned it's name, and my post is still there.
I've discussed Bitcoin Cash before. Never had a post removed. Never been banned.
I was politely at one point directed to where I might get a better answer to one of my questions, which is to be expected since this is not - but that's the extent of it, and that was a helpful suggestion that did help me get the answer I was looking for. 
Hey look, I did it again, I mentioned the name twice and my post is still here. 
At the time of posting this, there are 16 comments with the words "Bitcoin Cash" in them in this thread alone. 9 with the word "BCH". So no, posts mentioning it aren't getting insta removed by mods.
What *is* getting removed is spam, trash, and troll posts. 
All it takes to destroy the "hurr durr censorship" narrative, is next time someone over on complains they've been censored here, click on their name and look at their post history. You'll see the complete garbage they've been posting, and precisely why they've been banned (assuming they have). 
@_date: 2017-11-30 14:54:12
I know you're probably going to click it thinking "it probably isn't that bad", but I guarantee you're going to regret clicking that link.
You sick fuck OP. 
@_date: 2017-11-16 10:14:16
Amazon is the obvious one, also Ebay, just because of the amount of people around the world they serve. It would make things a lot more convenient being able to easily pay for things on both sites with Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-11-17 15:40:31
Go home Segwit2x, you're drunk. 
@_date: 2017-11-19 23:58:18
Segwit is already activated, miners no longer have to do anything special. 
@_date: 2019-02-22 11:13:48
This interview tho.
I love McAfee. Probably guilty of his crimes, but he's fucking hilarious. 
Context: He just got caught making a thread on Bluelight (drug forum where I used to be a moderator) giving synthesis instructions for MDPV. 
@_date: 2017-11-17 15:56:27
As much as I'd like to laugh about it, I do genuinely feel sorry for the people who did that. Not everyone has been in Bitcoin that long, and it's very easy to get manipulated when threatened with risk or offered reward.
This is used in social engineering practices all the time. People are warned that if they don't [do whatever the person is asking at the time] that something terrible will happen. This overrides a person's critical thinking a lot of the time, and gets them to give out information or access or do something they shouldn't do. 
Another way to get someone to act irrationally is to dangle a carrot on a stick, an offer of a huge reward (Like doubling your money perhaps..)
It's the same situation here. People are given the combined threat of "Your Bitcoin is about to crash and become worthless", along with the allure of BCH replacing it, which would mean BCH more than doubling in value - and them more than doubling their investment.
Combine this with the fact that someone is already on edge, "on tilt" so to speak from the BTC price taking a down-turn or BCH price taking an upswing (or, in the recent case, both) - and you have a recipe for even an otherwise fairly rational person to get manipulated.
So I feel sympathy for those people. That said, at the end of the day, your money is your responsibility, and you shouldn't buy into opinions on either side. Do your own research. 
Research doesn't just mean reading posts on Reddit. It means learning how Bitcoin works, familiarising yourself with the original whitepaper, learning about the people currently working on Bitcoin and competing altcoins, learning about the pros and cons of both big and small blocks, learning about layer 2 scaling, about potential future threats like quantum computing possibly making SHA-256 crackable.. etc, etc, etc.
It also means paying attention to current affairs and seeing whether or not a particular coin is seeing actual real world use or is just in a speculative bubble like many altcoins. This information should come from numerous sources, and these should really be sources you've hunted down and found yourself, not ones someone has pointed you to on Reddit. Doesn't matter if it's or - don't put your financial decisions in the hands of random internet strangers on an online forum.
Maybe next time you'll spend your money more wisely. Live and learn. :)
@_date: 2017-11-14 12:03:10
Actually, it does. Not directly, it's not counting the numbers of upvotes, but if a post makes it to popular or all then it does affect the search rankings. 
Subreddits like have been gaming Google search results like this for years. 
Search "KFC CEO" and go to Google images, and the first image is a picture of Ice Poseidon, due to them doing this a while back.
Or better yet try "Richest man in LA", since that's more recent, same thing. 
@_date: 2017-11-16 10:10:42
My family sent me the whole "Bitcoin is crashing" news around the time Dimon made his statement about BTC and Chinese regulations had just hit, and were panicking and told me to sell my BTC. 
Like if I'd somehow not be aware of the fact the price was currently down.
So I made them watch this:  and told them we'd be seeing $6000+ soon.
...Sure enough. 
@_date: 2017-11-16 23:50:15
There was a halvening in 2016 if you missed it. No doubt, and in fact, that halvening is what caused the price to finally start really picking up after being low for so many years.
I think the halvenings are good for BTC in this sense, because in the run up to the halvening, a lot more money comes into BTC from people hoping to make more money after the halvening happens. That extra money makes it more profitable to mine again so the miners aren't affected as much by the reduced rewards. So price has no reason to go down since miners aren't leaving or anything. Price starts going up, encouraging even more people to invest and get into Bitcoin. 
For now it almost serves as a bit of an insurance policy. If something happens and causes Bitcoin price to tank - we can at least be confident that it'll pick up again around mid 2020 when the rewards halve. 
At least that's my take. 
@_date: 2017-11-18 11:51:00
The BCH guy in the replies:
"But if you buy 76,000 cars that's a lot of fees!"
@_date: 2017-11-14 14:09:41
Something I've wondered for a long time but never thought to ask:
Once every single coin has been mined, miners will only get paid in fees right? What would this actually mean? Wouldn't this mean either a) high fees, or b) less miners as mining is significantly less profitable? Or am I missing something?
I'm guessing by then with things like LN, wider Segwit adoption, RSK and who knows what other scaling methods we'll have implemented, there'll probably be no cause for concern - so this is more of a "What if we *didn't* have those things? What would the end result be once every BTC has been mined?"
@_date: 2017-11-02 14:47:56
Bought a gram of DMT off the Darknet for I believe around 5 BTC.
DMT was a really eye-opening experience, but.. not a $35,000 one. 
I also, around that time, suggested buying like 10-20 BTC and holding on to it since I was confident the price would rise. I think I was 19 at the time and discussed the idea with my parents, they convinced me it was a dumb idea and that the price would drop. I listened to them, and took all my money out of BTC. 
Another one. Last year before the halvening, I knew these kind of price jumps were coming, and I tried to tell friends and family to invest. I would have myself, but I literally couldn't. I had less than $100 in the bank, and I had debts.
I did thankfully get some free BTC around that time though which is now around 15x the value it was when I got it. 
@_date: 2017-11-13 09:46:33
Even though there's no justification for it, I'm grateful that it happened. I think it does help encourage us to explore more scaling proposals. Not the whole "just double the blocksize" solution they proposed - since even doing that would not have done much to help the level of congestion we had the other day.
...but Lightning Network, RSK, better Segwit adoption, and working on other different scaling methods == things that should be our highest priority right now. 
@_date: 2018-03-25 00:03:27
[Well shit.]( That's a good point. Yeah it's very unlikely my BTC would have survived until now had I invested back then.
@_date: 2018-03-01 08:04:39
There are numerous different kinds of people invested in and interested in Bitcoin, but most of those bullish on Bitcoin can be divided into two groups:
- Those who see something in the technology and think it has a real future, and so who are investing now while Bitcoin is still going growing and evolving. I'll call them the "backers", because while many of them are still in it for financial gains, many are also just in it because they want to see Bitcoin succeed as a technology.
- Those who heard about Bitcoin going up on the news, or heard about it from a friend, saw the massive price increases, and hoped they could jump in and get rich quick. I'll call them the "get rich quick" crowd.
Those in the latter group are of course not going to be particularly patient. They came here for easy free cash, and many of them are going to lose a lot of money. These are quite literally the people who often end up buying high, selling low, and vice versa, because they can't handle the volatility.
If you're invested purely because you think something is going to make you rich, and fast - then you're probably buying into a bubble, one that may be soon to burst. 
A lot of people I think miss the point when some people say Bitcoin is a bubble. A lot of people think when people say Bitcoin is a bubble that they're attacking Bitcoin and saying it's not worth it's current price, when that's not necessarily true. Bitcoin does have a tendency to enter speculative bubbles - speculative bubbles are simply when a significant % of the money invested in something all comes from people hoping to get rich quick. They're bubbles, because the "get rich quick" investors are the weak hands that buy into FOMO and sell out on FUD, and so the bubble can "pop" overnight when a bunch of weak hands all sell off. 
Something can be in a short term bubble, while still being overall undervalued for its long term potential, and that's the territory I think Bitcoin has been in for most of its life. It's still significantly undervalued, and I think only a fraction of its eventual price - but boy does it have a tendency to attract a lot of speculative money, and inflate ridiculously and crash, over and over again. This spells disaster for those who are investing short term looking for big gains, who don't have any real experience, and aren't able to control their emotions well enough to make any money.
If you're in for the long haul, none of that really matters, because, if you zoom out and look at the bigger picture on the charts, you'll see past the spikes and dips: a steady and constant climb up. 
You can often spot these "get rich quick" kids because they tend to have one of two predictions regarding Bitcoin. Either:
- A) Bitcoin is going to reach some ridiculously high price, $1M, $5M, etc.. and if you ask them why, they either can't give a real answer, or they only use current or past rates of increasing prices as their evidence. It's fine to be super bullish on Bitcoin and believe it'll reach astronomical heights, but if your only evidence for that is past price trends, you're probably way off the mark.
- B) Alternatively, they'll talk about how Bitcoin is a huge bubble, way over-valued, that's going to burst, and how they're just "riding the wave" and going to sell right before it does. If you think something is over-valued, don't buy it, I don't care if you think the bubble is going to continue, unless you have years of experience, you can't predict the markets, and so if you're RIGHT, and it is going to burst - it's probably going to happen before you sell off, and you're probably going to lose, big. 
Don't be the "get rich quick" kid. If you don't know what you're doing, it's a quick way to nullify your bank balance. Even just the motivation of making ridiculously easy quick gains on your investment is dangerous - because it causes you to get impatient, antsy, which makes you liable to take bigger risks than appropriate, and panic buy/sell due to those emotional highs/lows you experience from your investments.
On the other side you have the backers. Those who are in it for the long haul because they see a bright future for Bitcoin. Some of them may have initially investigated Bitcoin because of an interest in making some money, others because they were interested in the technology, others simply because someone else told them about it and they decided to learn more. Whatever the motivations, these are the folks who can zoom out, sit back, and watch the show. 
These are the people who are typically less scared to sell off some Bitcoin to meet a particular financial goal, like a car, paying off student loans, or a house - for fear of missing out on potential gains. These are the people who are typically less scared of losing their Bitcoin during any particular dip, because this is the 100th dip they've seen since they got in, and the price is still 10, 20, 50, or 100 times higher than when they first invested, and they know not to pay attention to the daily or weekly charts. As it's the long term trend that matters. These are the people who will see real meaningful returns on their investments when they do decide to cash some out. 
Be a backer, not a "get rich quick" kid. That doesn't mean you can't make short term investments, day trade, or play the market - but don't do any of those things unless you actually know how to, and don't kid yourself into thinking you do because you watched a couple of 15 minute YouTube videos either. ;)
@_date: 2018-03-22 08:40:15
While it's been years since I've used any drugs and I have no need for any of the affected subreddits myself, it's definitely still a change I'm concerned about. 
In my experience anyone who is after a drug, will get their hands on it one way or another. What source verification/discussion subreddits allow, is for someone to get their hands on pure reliable material, from a trustworthy source, as opposed to something cut/dangerous/etc. I imagine these subreddits have saved numerous lives for that reason, so it's a shame they're being shut down in the interest of "cleaning up" Reddit.
Funny that they'll close down subreddits where people are, by their own discretion, choosing to engage in activities that aren't harming anyone else.. but have made no real effort to target certain subreddits that are centred around inciting hate towards others.
Shame. I like Reddit but I don't particularly like the direction things are going. I kind of feel like we're getting to the stage where more and more people are getting unhappy with the site, and the right contender could easily pick up Reddit's market share, much like how Facebook did to Myspace. (Although, probably bad examples, since hopefully the contender won't have all those glaring privacy issues and be complete trash in this case :D)
@_date: 2018-03-19 13:55:19


This seems to be the most common one. I thought it was just a meme that people actually thought you had to transact in whole Bitcoins, until some of my friends started asking me for help buying one, saying that they'd put their money together and finally had enough to buy one between the group of them.. 
Apparently this is actually a pretty common thing, people thinking you need to buy whole Bitcoins. 
Good job on spreading the word and educating people, don't worry that no-one's used Bitcoin with you yet. The education you're giving folks about it is probably actually doing more for Bitcoin than the odd purchase here or there is! :)
@_date: 2018-03-24 16:58:36
You think that's bad. 
I was searching for BTC in my email to see if I had any old online wallets I'd forgotten about, when I came across [this lovely exchange with my friend about buying DMT on Silkroad.](
TL;DR we bought ~19 BTC and spent most of it on a gram of DMT.
DMT is a pretty mind-blowing experience, and it was awesome to have, but not a $150K+ experience.
@_date: 2019-01-11 17:17:53
I read DMM as DNM for a moment. I was like: Hol' up..
@_date: 2018-03-24 19:42:37
I know. I don't think of it as a missed opportunity or anything. Hindsight is 20/20, it's silly to look at it that way. Still when I saw that there was a definite "Oof. That would have been a lot now" moment. Haha. 
@_date: 2018-02-27 13:31:13
Didn't 0.16.0 only come out yesterday? I imagine that there are a good number of people who use it and still haven't upgraded. 
I don't run a node/use the core wallet myself, so I'm not familiar with the current state of the software - but even if it automatically updates, I imagine a lot of people would turn that off. Especially large businesses/exchanges/etc who might be using core for their services - who don't want an unexpected update to suddenly mess everything up, because some of their code doesn't work with the new version. These folks would want to upgrade manually when they're certain it won't break anything.
So I'd expect the number to still have a ways to go over the coming month or two. I imagine we'll see at the very least 25-30% or so. Let's hope 50%+ though, that would be awesome. 
@_date: 2017-09-01 18:42:23
- Halvening last year
- Segwit just activated, leading to faster transactions and lower fees
- Less uncertainty now that the BCH fork happened and hasn't yet posed a threat to BTC
- The crazy growth is leading to more media attention on Bitcoin, and thus more new people discovering the cryptocurrency and investing in it
All of this together has led to some very rapid growth.
@_date: 2018-03-24 19:44:51
Yeah I don't regret it. I *do* regret not investing though. Around that time I actually wanted to invest in BTC too, thought at the very least it had a use case for the kind of stuff we were using it for, i.e. black market stuff. So that in itself gave it value. Talked to friends and family about it, and they all convinced me it was a stupid idea. So instead I held off.
Lesson learned, don't take investment advice from people who've never invested in anything themselves (and who didn't even know what Bitcoin really was at the time) in future ;)
@_date: 2017-09-02 13:09:23
So I've put it off out of laziness, but I'm finally wanting to claim my BCH so I can trade it for BTC now that BTC price has dipped a little and I'll get more. 
Am I correct in assuming these are the steps I should be using with Electrum:
- Create new Electrum wallet
- Sign back into old wallet and send funds to new wallet
- Wait for transaction to confirm
- Install Electron Cash on another machine
- Disable the "automatically connect" feature and select a network manually
- Import seed from old wallet
- Send BCH funds to [insert exchange] address
Or is there anything I'm missing/need to be aware of? 
Also, is now a good time? Or should I wait for BTC transaction fees to drop back down to do all this?
@_date: 2017-09-02 00:04:10
@_date: 2017-09-02 13:43:41
Is this site not accurate? 
It says currently the cheapest recommended transaction fee is 330 satoshis/byte.
I'd consider about 50/byte to be "standard" so 330 seems high to me.
@_date: 2017-10-10 05:48:51
^ This is why he said a keylogger. The thing about keyloggers is that almost no-one actually bothers with standalone keyloggers anymore, they're just a standard inclusion in trojans, which basically do exactly what you described: give the attacker full access to your computer. Files. Webcam. Keys typed. Programs open. etc. 
So as well as getting any password, private keys if he ever typed those in etc - they'd also have access to his wallet.dat file itself. 
@_date: 2018-02-27 08:37:35
I feel like in 1000 years none of these would as useful as they sound. 
While I do see Bitcoin taking off, it wouldn't surprise me if by 1000 years from now's time quantum computers have completely cracked it, or some other currency has taken it's place either way. 
Then there's Iodine pills. Aren't those actually basically useless when it comes to the fallout from an actual nuclear weapon? Doesn't it only protect against a tiny tiny tiny % of the fallout? Sure they were useful after Chernobyl when one of the main elements in fallout was radioactive iodine isotopes, and the iodine pills helped protect the thyroid gland from them.. but that was a different situation. 
Hatchet? I am not survival prepped at all, so it would be about as useful to me as an electric toothbrush in the stone age. I'm definitely passing on that one.
Plastic tarp. I mean this one I could use for shelter if need be, so sort of makes sense, but.. Yeah.
iPhone X. What would be the point?
...So I'm picking (a) and (f). 
Why? Well, if it's a society where I'd actually need, b, c, or d, then I probably wouldn't survive there, so the glock would be my one way ticket outta there. Since the only other choices are f and a, and f is guaranteed to be useless, I'm taking a just in the off chance that Bitcoin is still around and I set myself up nicely.
If nothing else, Bitcoin might be a collector's item for those interested in our history, so even if it's no longer a currency, a Bitcoin might sell for more than a hatchet, iodine tablets, or a tarp. So assuming I land in a normal average society, I maybe have something to sell?
&amp; If I land in some terrible place I couldn't survive in, then like I said. Glock's taking me right back outta there.
@_date: 2018-02-28 13:13:19
Bill is absolutely right that cryptocurrencies have helped faciliate large scale online drug markets...
...But there are a few things to note though:
- Selling drugs online isn't new. For illegal drugs, before Silkroad there were similar sites, both on the darknet, and on the clearnet. Many of them let you simply pay by Paypal, bank transfer etc and operated unscathed for long periods of time. People still used them. In addition, there are also so many legal research chemicals in any given country that you can get just about any high imaginable, in any country, online, with next day delivery. All on a clearnet website. This was the case long before Silkroad, and will continue to be the case.
- Those purchasing drugs from Darknet vendors are those who already purchase drugs either irl from dealers, or online from other vendors like research chemical vendors etc.
- Someone purchasing a drug from a dealer is at best relying on the word of mouth of a friend or two. With darknet vendors, people can often reference hundreds/thousands of reviews. This in general means you're much more likely to get a safe tested product on the darknet than from [insert your local dealer's name]. Someone who wants to take drugs WILL find drugs, you won't believe the lengths an addict will go to find a source. It's much better if that source is pure, than someone buys, for example, fentanyl cut heroin from a sketchy dealer.
So I'd actually go so far as to say that the darknet markets have prevented deaths. 
I've been clean for a little over 3 years now but I'm a former drug user. When I was a user, the darknet allowed me to get clean, pure drugs - and stop buying ones cut with god knows what from local dealers. The darknet also sells things like naloxone, to treat overdoses - something that isn't available legally OTC in a lot of countries, and saves thousands of lives. 
I'm pretty positive those sites saved more lives than they've taken. So even if you do blame cryptocurrencies for their rise, that's not necessarily a bad thing.
Ultimately though, cryptocurrencies are as responsible for the darknet markets, as Boeing are for 9-11. Demonising something useful, just because criminals have also found a use for it, is silly. Perhaps a better example would actually be Tor. You could just as easily blame Tor for the darknet markets, and you'd be right - it played just as crucial a role as BTC/other crypto did. Yet Tor allows people around the world in countries where the internet is restricted, to access it freely, and as such offers much more value than it does harm.
@_date: 2018-03-24 19:36:10
I was buying just a gram of DMT. I wasn't particularly fussed about it and didn't feel like it was particularly risky. Plus I was pretty open/public about my drug use back when I used, so it wasn't anything that wasn't publicly available info on my blogs etc. Generally I wasn't the most careful or wise back then. Ended up an opiate addict a year later for a couple of years, before getting clean from everything in 2015 - so poor email security was the least of my woes at the time!
@_date: 2018-02-11 12:49:35
If you think Bitcoin will completely overtake Gold's market cap, then sure, a $1M Bitcoin could be a possibility. Don't expect it to happen soon though, and it's a very big if.
That said, I think eventually seeing a market cap similar to that of Gold, at least very close to it, is the likely outcome if everything goes well and nothing unforeseen happens to throw a spanner in the works. If we go by a $7T market cap for Gold, then we'd be looking at a &gt; $400K Bitcoin with the current amount of coins in circulation, or like &gt; $330K if every single Bitcoin was already mined. 
I think these numbers are much more reasonable long term goals than $1M, but that's not saying $1M isn't possible, it certainly is. Those $330K to $400K targets though would be a sign of mass adoption. Even those numbers are big ifs, and require that mass adoption to happen. Bitcoin could very well never see those levels, even 50-100 years from now. Or, it could get there in 5 years time. It really depends on adoption, and on the technological improvements we see along the way.
I think a reasonable short term target (i.e. in the next 12-24 months), assuming you're bullish on the price, is say 1/10th of the market cap of Gold, so $33K to a little over $40K. 
These are of course just my personal estimates, I'm not an expert, so don't invest based on this post. 
@_date: 2017-10-24 11:18:17
Is there any information out yet about how I go about claiming BTG/Bitcoin Gold if I use Electrum? Want to claim it and trade it for BTC as soon as I can. 
@_date: 2017-09-03 22:37:13
You didn't even need to include the second line. The fact that it was $2700 in July, less than 2 months ago, should be enough to make people realise we're going up not down.
@_date: 2017-09-25 10:38:18
What the hell happened to the iPhone price between 2009 and 2010? Or is that just a result of weird pricing in the US?
@_date: 2017-09-01 21:35:39
People are emotional creatures. Yes, when the price dips, many people who have been waiting to buy the dip will buy in. 
Many others will wait though, because they know what happens next: Tons of Bitcoin owners panic, thinking "What if it drops to $4000? Or all the way to $3000? Or $2000?". A few of them panic sell.
The price starts dropping more rapidly, causing an even bigger number to panic sell. 
Eventually after it's dropped a certain amount, those who were smart enough to wait for the bigger dip to make their purchase start buying in, and the price begins its gradual recovery.
@_date: 2017-09-01 21:37:11
As far as I'm aware, Bitcoin ATMs typically ask you for some form of ID verification/more detailed information to prevent them being used for this purpose.
@_date: 2017-09-16 14:02:07
Question: **If I buy BTC on Coinbase, can I then withdraw it through GDAX? (i.e. do they share a wallet)**
Basically I'm trying to withdraw the $5 or whatever fee that Coinbase charges, since I'm only buying like $30 worth of Bitcoin.
The trouble is, I can't buy it through GDAX itself because GDAX requires me to add a second form of ID, which isn't working. (I don't have a webcam to do it through GDAX - and when I try to add my passport through Coinbase it won't accept it because I no longer live in the country of origin of my passport. I don't have a driver's license, and my only other form of photo ID I've already gotten verified) PS yes I've messaged Coinbase support about this, but I'm still waiting on a response.
1 form of ID is all that's necessary to buy/sell on Coinbase, so I can buy BTC there.. and GDAX seems to let me withdraw BTC despite wanting a 2nd form of ID to let me buy any..
So yeah, if I buy BTC on Coinbase, will I be able to withdraw it through my GDAX? Or are they two separate wallets?
**Edit: Alternatively, is there a better exchange for me with no fees? I'm based in Poland, but would prefer an English language site since I'm originally from England.**
@_date: 2017-10-10 22:08:45
Explains it much better than I could: 
Scroll down to the "drive-by attack". This is the way most people get infected. 
@_date: 2017-10-10 05:53:18
I believe, and someone may correct me here if I'm incorrect - but I believe that no this also applies to browsing .onion sites too. 
@_date: 2017-10-26 10:08:29
Make that more like 1050 because IME the real effects of the halvening always happen at least a few months later. Worth the extra few months of wait when the price could easily double in those months though. 
@_date: 2017-10-10 06:03:07
It's not that difficult for someone to obfuscate such software in such a way that it becomes undetectable to every major AV software out there - at least until it gets on their radar and starts being detected. So there's really nothing that offers 100% complete protection at all times. 
That said Malwarebytes is really good to have installed alongside another AV, as it seems to have some of the highest detection rates, and it scans really fast so it's easy to just run regular scans with.
Really the best protection is prevention. 
- Run an adblocker (Prior to running an ad blocker, it wasn't unusual for my computer to get infected every 3-6 months from rogue ads etc - since running AdblockPlus back in like 2008 I've only had a single infection, which was quickly resolved and removed.)
- Be very mindful of what sites you visit. 
- Be equally mindful when you let others use your computer. Most people seem to have this attitude of "If I trust this person then they can do what they like on my computer" - but it's not about whether you trust them, because someone could be completely trustworthy and still be stupid about a link they click or a program they run and get your computer infected. I basically don't leave people unsupervised with my computer, ever. Doesn't matter who it is.
- Scan new programs before running them. Just because your anti-virus doesn't pop up immediately when you download something doesn't necessarily mean it's clean, so it's a good idea to scan it with a couple of different programs before running it. 
- When downloading software, double and triple check that you're downloading it from the folks who actually made it, and that the software is well reviewed and trusted. If there's even a tiny 1% doubt, don't download/install it. A lot of the time if you just search the name of the software in Google, the first and second links often aren't the actual people who make the software, but are third party download sites. Some of those sites are trustworthy, but others are full of malware, so it's better to go to source usually. 
@_date: 2017-10-20 20:07:41
We did it lads, &gt; $100 billion market cap :D
@_date: 2017-10-10 20:30:27
Absolutely. In fact, that's the most common way anyone gets infected. JavaScript, Flash, Java, etc all can be used to install a trojan on your machine. Or even just an embedded video or piece of media.
You're probably actually *more* likely to get a virus just browsing than you are from downloading applications. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 09:04:29
Perhaps more accessible and interesting would be the countless wallets left behind by people who only bought Bitcoin for the purpose of purchasing drugs on Silkroad. My drug using days are long behind me (yay) but I can shed a little light on why there may be lots of untouched money sitting around on peoples forgotten hard-drives.
Back at the peak of Silk Road, Bitcoins were about $3 a piece of so. So, if you were say buying $90 worth of drugs, you'd buy 20 bitcoins - except in actual fact, you'd buy something more like 23-24 bitcoins. Why? Well, there were sometimes delays in getting your coins from a site like MtGox to Silkroad, and during that time Bitcoin and drug prices could both fluctuate - so to prevent an unfortunate situation where you ended up with less money than you needed, it was best to buy $5~ or so of extra bitcoins to ensure you were covered.
Now sometimes you ended up needing that money - but sometimes you didn't, and you ended up with a couple of extra Bitcoins sitting in your Silkroad wallet. At that point you had three choices: Buy something really cheap like a single sample of a drug with it, keep it in your Silkroad wallet for next time, or move it to your regular Bitcoin wallet.
A lot of the time what's left of that money gets moved to your regular Bitcoin wallet, and forgotten about, since it's like $2 or $3. 
Or sometimes it gets left in that wallet to begin with because the prices have stayed the same or even dropped and you now have more than you need - so you hold a couple of $ back and send the rest over to Silkroad. 
This meant a TON of people had anywhere from a few cents to around $10 (or more) worth of Bitcoins sitting around in either their Silkroad, MtGox, or regular Bitcoin wallet.
Now the Silkroad and MtGox coins are all long gone since the two sites died - but the stuff people left in their regular wallets - much of that is still sitting around on their old hard drives, forgotten about.
Sometimes it wasn't even enough to be worth $0.01, just a fraction of it, but how much is that worth now? Well for example, I ended up leaving ~$0.006 worth of BTC in my Bitcoin wallet then, yes, a little over half a cent, and it's now worth ~$4.50 now. 
So someone who left $5 in there, now has ~$3650 worth of Bitcoin sitting around, that they've completely forgotten about.
Moral of the story: If you were ever involved in any of that sort of thing, go check your old hard drives to see if you have a Bitcoin wallet floating about.
@_date: 2017-06-15 13:53:06
You must be new here ;) Welcome to Bitcoin. Assuming your intention is to hold rather than day-trading, then after the first 5 or 6 big swings, you'll get used to it. You'll quickly stop caring about the daily ups and downs, and see the bigger picture.
Just remember not to let your emotions get the better of your decision-making. The amount of people I know who bought in at the end of 2016 when Bitcoin was being tremendously hyped in the media, and then panic-sold when it dropped in early January is ridiculous. Not only that but most of them panic-sold at about the lowest that BTC dropped all year, because they figured: Well it's gone this low, it can only go lower.