@_author: jethro_tell
@_date: 2017-12-07 23:31:51
@_date: 2019-11-05 03:56:08
The difference is that your car, most expensive jewelery and bank account at insured.  Not so with Bitcoin.  When she me one transfers it away, it's gone.
One one hand a good thing, on another, good idea to be careful with it.  That is all.
@_date: 2019-11-07 15:02:34
If they decided you were worth the effort.  If you seem to have no income but live in a swanky neighborhood the computer would probably flag you and some one would take a look at it.  If your employer was filing the correct paperwork it would be pretty obvious.  If you did odd jobs online and lived out of the way kinda off the grid and didn't spend much you could probably cross the threshold into not worth the time.  But at the end of the day, someone is going to record your rent or something as income and pay taxes on it, and the more you spend the harder it is to hide.
I'm not sure what it looks like if they suspect you of hiding your money in BTC we haven't seen a case like this yet. (That I've seen).  However, other non BTC cases, yes, they'd just put you in jail if they can prove that you make money you don't pay taxes on.  And I don't think they care if it's counter productive, while it costs some other department money to incarcerate someone, the number of people who get in line and pay taxes because they don't want to go to jail probably pays for it.
The IRS doesn't fuck around, they can legally charge 99 cents of interest for each dollar you owe, and if you want to be a normal part of society, it gets hard to hide.  If you have a lot of money but can't spend it, do you really have a lot of money?
@_date: 2019-11-06 20:50:13
You'll have to have liquid cash to pay rent and buy food.  If that comes from a normal job, they will take that.  If it comes from cashing out btc, they will take that, or take what you buy with it.  Cars, houses.  If that doesn't do it for them, they'll charge you with tax evasion and out you in jail.  Their power to size only matters if you keep all you money in btc and keep your person out of reach of the US government, which tends to be difficult.
@_date: 2019-11-26 18:35:50
You know it still has a Toyota chassis, Toyota engine, Toyota suspension right?  Sure it's got a better nav system and more premium finishes, but a Lexus won't last any longer than a Toyota because they are the same thing.