@_author: jezsan
@_date: 2016-08-15 11:10:29
no, its you who misunderstood.
thats my point, you cannot make assumptions about security, so don't.
@_date: 2016-08-20 09:58:29
last time i asked them at the new york consensus conference in may, they said they don't support creating wallets/seeds with passphrases, but they said if you've created a wallet/seed with a trezor with passphrase that it'll import it correctly.
@_date: 2016-08-14 18:15:16
This is a cross post that commented on a comment in that article claiming there was a use for paper wallets, and i disagreed.
(Paper wallets are NOT safer than hardware wallets)
For the case that is specified - i agree that a paper wallet could be safe but disagree in general as he has expressed a narrow and specific case that isn't the norm.  its irrational and a straw man argument to compare using paper wallets with passwords, and trezor's without passwords. compare like for like to be fair.
your argument to say you don't like the idea of backing up a device by having a non-password protected seed is correct.   No one does like doing that, and thats why you shouldn't, and your suggestion is as invalid as using a paper wallet without password.  thats why trezor users already use passphrase protected seeds - a recommendation in the Trezor manual.  you can even use more than one password to access different accounts from the same seed (say a business and personal one, or an 'under duress' one with a low value sacrificial wallet, etc).
Now, when comparing a Trezor, with 24-word seed (with passphrase!) versus a paper wallet (with passphrase).   i would definitely choose the trezor (or ledger or keepkey or any other hardware wallet) over any paper wallet, as you not only have safety of long term storage, but also have the ability to spend funds whenever you want. 
Paper wallets are for storage only, not for 'use as a wallet', but even for storage-only requirements,  there are many potential attack surfaces to make them unsafe to use for new users.  for instance...
of course your site isn't hacked, and you're honest, but there are probably dishonest paper wallet generators out there that might have been crippled or have predictable rng seeds or blatant scraping of the private keys generated etc, so how is a new user expected to know which paper wallet generator they're using is an honest one and which one isn't?
the whole idea of paper wallets requires a lot of trust in a web site that a new user will have gone to without any knowledge nor ability in how to find an honest and trusted one, and no knowledge or skill required to determine if its been hacked or compromised, and few new users will have the ability to 'compile from sources' let alone 'run it offline' on a new computer etc.  the sheer number of vulnerabilities present for a 'new user' is too great to trust any paper wallets unless you know what you're doing.  and even then, its a compromised model so why bother.
then there's other attack surfaces like is your printer storing your paper wallet printouts for later recovery by someone else?  or is your network being snooped so that when you print someone can remotely capture/copying your wallet print files.   or perhaps, whether the new users have done something stupid like snapped a copy of their paper wallet with their camera or made a backup of it online.  new users without experience do random strange things, and the paper wallet system is unforgiving for new users that might make mistakes, and will then risk losing their cash.
 in short, i think the security of using a hardware wallet where your private keys are completely safe and there is no way they will be shared (because even you don't have access to them) is far more secure, both for a new user who has no experience, AND a bitcoin expert.  i no longer recommend paper wallets to my friends and have stopped using them entirely.
your suggested use, as a gift for friends (for low amounts).. is about the only use i can think of that might still be a sensible risk/reward proposition.  for any high value bitcoin storage or use, there's no good argument to keep using paper wallets now that hardware wallets exist.  And some are really inexpensive (ledger series).  and some are enabled for additional functionality like password generators (trezor, ledger nano s), and ethereum wallets too (like ledger nano s)
@_date: 2016-08-24 16:20:59
im afraid i had a similar experience and stopped using purse after 10-15 transactions.  had a few transactions didn't go through for various reasons.  got to the point where most of my transactions weren't going through and were being cancelled (usually by purse's security team), so it seemed obvious to me the fraud on the system was rife and that much of purse's effort is trying to keep the fraud out, which feels a bit like trying to use a bucket with a hole in it, to bale the water out of your boat while its sinking.   my experience of too many failed transactions was disheartening, and i haven't tried it for more than a year.
i stopped buying the official line that most of the buyers of bitcoin via purse.io are people doing work with amazon turk who were paid amazon credits for their work.  it seems more likely that 'some' of the buyers of bitcoin via purse are using hacked or stolen amazon accounts, or perhaps money laundering with stolen credit cards.
i also tried to convince my wife, who singlehandedly keeps amazon in business, that she could get a discount off every amazon purchase and when she saw the steps you had to go through to make purchases she thought it was too much hassle compared to one or two clicks on amazon - and it was a tough sell from a UI point of view.
@_date: 2016-08-20 09:33:35
its not quite as clear cut as they've diverged.   KeepKey started off using Trezor's codebase...  but Trezor has more features for instance encourages and supports a passphrase to protect your seed.  KeepKey, with its larger screen is more user friendly but also bulkier and has less features.  Trezor supports different browsers and wallets, whereas KeepKey uses a chrome app.
@_date: 2016-08-15 10:27:45
its a far worse risk with paper wallets.  if someone has screwed with the quality of the rng, almost no one is qualified to detect this.  even if you had access to the java source code, you wouldn't know the rng had been knobbled.   and changing the java code of a web site is easy for an attacker, whereas changing the code on a hardware device that has signed software and a rigorous process for updating it, is very difficult.
@_date: 2016-08-15 10:23:42
no need to have assumptions about security.
you get to control when the device's software is updated so it can't happen without you confirming it on the device itself thus no malicious software can come down during your ownership.   and you see a signed hash on both the device and computer that needs to match up before you authorise it.
and if you're worried that your device was compromised before it got to you, the first thing you can do is flash the software ensuring that any software your device came with is no longer there.
your 24 word seed is portable into any other device as they all accept the same seed standards.  also, some wallet s/w also supports it, like mycelium and electrum.
@_date: 2016-08-25 11:16:46
Andrew is the boss.
Thanks Andrew, i look forward to try it again and see if it functions any better for me.
Last time we met i mentioned i was in the UK and you said you didn't support all the cool new UI features for anyone outside the US yet.  Has that changed?
@_date: 2016-08-20 10:20:10
yes agreed, it a UI choice.  keepKey has gone for a simpler user experience, but with less features than Trezor deliberately.  thats why they're different.
@_date: 2016-08-05 00:04:44
(The amazing Lennart Green!)
@_date: 2016-04-20 15:46:17
being specific...
The bitcoin network consists of a few control servers's running mining pool software, and a huge amount of custom servers that contain custom asic chips built solely to perform a bitcoin-specific hashing function, a heavily customised and optimised version of SHA-256 that has been 'cost reduced' solely for bitcoin hashing.
Thus the bitcoin network is dedicated to this one task and cannot do anything else - its not a general purpose computer - it only does hashing - and its not even a general purpose SHA-256 hash (which might've had some other potential uses).  Since the miners have every incentive to make reductions to the algorithm to save cost and improve efficiency so the hashing function has been heavily optimised and had shortcuts taken to make it solely for bitcoin hashing and for no other purpose.
@_date: 2017-02-05 14:32:20
Keccak is just sha-3.  its pretty similar to the sha-2 thats already used in bitcoin asic mining.  it'd take any asic mining company a very short amount of time to create new asics for Keccak as sha-2 and sha-3 are very similar designs.  switching to Keccak would put you in the same predicament, with the same miners who dominate today, in control... in only 6 months.
@_date: 2017-02-05 14:27:01
that would only be true if people paid the same amount for their electricity, but they dont.  cost of power in some regions is &lt; 2 cents per KwH, and in some places &gt; 12 cents.   since cost of power is the biggest factor in mining, a lot of mining is done in locations that have access to cheap power.
@_date: 2017-02-04 22:16:16
the lesser of two evils perhaps?
are you really still saying that PoW is better than the alternatives, even when its been proven to have incentive misalignment with most of the users?
PoW, where just one man has been anointed to control bitcoin because the incentives for mining were never fully thought through nor aligned with the majority of users.  It worked for a long time, until someone figured out all you needed was a lot of capital and cheap power, and you can rule the world.
or PoS, where the incentives of 'virtual mining' could actually be  aligned with the majority of users, but there are some tweaks and additional research needed to ensure gaming the system doesn't break it.  But at any rate, you won't get the massive centralisation issue of just one person having absolute power, like PoW has converged to become.
or perhaps some Hybrid might work?   e.g., PoS for the blocks, and PoW for checkpointing to ensure the chain cant be wholesale replaced.
And at any rate, saying that PoW is great when its already been proven to have a major flaw is foolish.  Consider the alternatives.  And if you dont like them, consider something else, or invent something else.  PoW isnt the only possible solution, and now that we know its not perfect, we owe it to ourselves to find a better alternative.
Linking to an excellent article that was created and published before the current problems that PoW has exhibited is irrelevant.  That article talks about naive proof of stake, which is an older and flawed version of what researchers are working on today.  We arent living in the past and we modify our understanding of the world as we get new evidence.  Were scientists, not religious fanatics.
We know more about the dangers of miner centralisation now than we did a year or two ago.
@_date: 2017-02-04 20:28:30
that is certainly an option.  another is to move away from PoW.
bear in mind that the biggest issue with PoW is that it consumes power, and that favours people who have access to cheap electricity.  this is one of the reasons we got into this mess in the first place.
switching to another PoW doesn't really solve the problem - just kicks it down the road a few months.  the same centralisation will occur as the same people are in the same locations, only this time, they already own datacenters ready and waiting for the next PoW to be deployed.
@_date: 2017-03-21 11:49:53
sebastian, even if bitfury sold you their chips, most people don't live in places where power is cheap enough to mine competitively.
The big guys have raised huge amounts of capital to make chips and systems, then build out huge data centres in places where power, labour and datacenter space is cheap.   the little guy cant compete with that.
Proof of Work migrates to the places where the big guys can mine at scale and thus it will never be decentralised ever again.
Even a change in Proof of Work might slow them down but cant mitigate the fact that all forms of PoW will benefit those that run at scale in locations of cheap power.
@_date: 2017-01-09 18:12:11
the suggestion that you cant have multiple alternate versions of the consensus layer is a bad assumption.
for redundancy and reliability in mission critical systems, you ideally want multiple versions of the mission critical systems.  its one of the reasons aircraft, and spacecraft do that.  So that if there was a catastrophic bug in one codebase, the others won't have the same bug and the plane continues to fly.
bitcoin devs should reconsider their religious argument that the code IS the documented standard and that they claim its undesirable to have compatible alternate clients.  Thats not good computer science and not the best chance of software reliability.
for the small occasions when multiple alternate clients get out of sync, those errors will be noticed and can be fixed (and in ethereum's case, this happened once, and was fixed in hours)... whereas the redundancy benefit of having competing alternate clients, written by different people in different languages gives you a robustness in mission critical software that you cant achieve with just one client written in one language.
its incorrect to say that because bitcoin has a single implementation of the consensus layer that the issue cannot occur...   what issue?  that multiple clients might go out of sync if they deviate from a standard ?    but what about the lack of robustness if there's a bug found in your one and only client... then you only have one client and the entire network is vulnerable when that client is broken.   bitcoin core is a high quality piece of code, and has been proven very reliable, but no code is guaranteed bug free and its tempting fate to avoid having systemic redundancy.
this issue is somewhat analogous to seat belts and airbags in cars.   in most cases, having a seatbelt or airbag fitted will save your life in the event of an accident, but there are a few rare cases where the seatbelt or airbag made matters worse or caused a problem.   but despite those circumstances, thats no reason not to have seat belts and airbags fitted.
@_date: 2017-01-17 00:58:16
youre joking.  an asic design to compete with bitfury and bitmain asics would costs millions to design, and tens of millions to fabricate.  these asics arent synthesised from hdl - theyre designed by hand - laid out with custom cells or most likely fully custom.
the only serious way to fix mining is to either dump PoW entirely, or switch PoW algo to something else.  but that only kicks the can down the road a year or two.  same problem later.   No, to stop centralisation, and miners abusing their power, you must eventually eliminate Proof of Work for something else.  maybe its invented, or maybe it isnt, but PoW by its very nature (requiring cheap power, and massive capital investment in asic design), is the very definition of centralisation.
@_date: 2019-04-29 11:32:04
dont the network hubs publish any stats ?
@_date: 2019-04-30 08:57:46
so how do we know how well its working, or indeed even if its working, if we know nothing about whats happening inside?  how will the devs know how to fix or improve it if there exists no data at all to work with to know how its doing and what needs improving?
so far on here, we have one guy who had 7 transactions in the last 6 months on his node, and one guy who had 1200 in a month.
@_date: 2016-10-21 20:07:10
what makes you think the cycles of replacement are slowing?   ever since kncminer did a 28nm chip, the mining asics have been following the geometry shrinks.   only its become more centralised and there are less mining companies around, so less competition for the few that are left standing.   there's no slowing down of moore's law.  new asic geometries happen because thats progress.  today it might be 16 nm but tomorrow it will be 10nm, and then 7nm etc.  also, there are new design optimisations that were previously unused that accelerate faster than moore's law.. like Timo Hanke &amp; Sergio Lerner's AsicBoost
@_date: 2016-10-21 21:44:30
don't think so.  less competition simply because mining is now hugely centralised... but the gains (higher speed, lower power) continue.   nowadays lower power is as much a win as higher speed, since power consumption is the main cost of mining.
@_date: 2016-10-03 22:36:03
they quite clearly state they're planning to use StorJ, MaidSafe and other similar cloud based file sharing/storage products.
So they're using other people's back end tech for the bit that actually does something (store and retrieve encrypted sharded files) and adding a monetising front-end onto it.
Is it clear what value-add they provide apart from a 'marketing front-end to other people's cloud file storage' ?  (which in itself may actually be a totally fair product, but the barriers to entry are too low and anyone else could do that too).
FileCoin/IPFS, Swarm, and several other products (mostly on Ethereum) are already working on vaguely similar concepts of financial incentives i.e.: 'pay to store your files', 'free to retrieve them'.  MU2 seems to be the opposite - 'pay to retrieve someone else's files', possibly 'free to store them'.  and pay a bunch of middlemen and affiliates as well to promote the files.
@_date: 2013-07-19 19:53:21
Proof that I'm me?  How do you propose I do that?  Want me to call you?
@_date: 2013-07-19 20:08:33
My ears were burning.. friends told me about this this thread so i felt the calling to reddit just to say hi.  Previously, and no doubt from tomorrow onwards will go back to lurking which is definitely more my thing (or anonymous posting ;-)
@_date: 2013-07-19 09:15:13
Did anyone want to place a bet?  I'm here now!  Yes.. This is the real me..
Jez