@_author: jfhjdtfdfghfgj
@_date: 2014-04-14 14:16:44
Irrelevant analogy, its akin to asking someone who was near your wallet when it was stolen to clarify what happened. If Andreas thinks these are bad questions, let him come and say that, and then present his side of the story in a more complete manner while ignoring OP. If he doesn't even want to validate this thread, then let him post his own new one and this will be promptly downvoted off the front page. He doesn't need you speaking for him, and you do a bad job of it regardless. The only extreme or massive claim is your claim that asking a relevant question like this is akin to charging and sentencing someone for a crime without trial. That's delusional, like the several other of your other posts i have seen in this subreddit.
@_date: 2014-04-17 12:57:10
on the internet it works like this: when you place your order, it shows up on you ordered item lists. however the item does not ship until there are confirmations. the same exact thing is used with credit cards on most online retail sites.
@_date: 2014-04-17 12:59:15
you are correct, no one is suggesting to use zero confirmation transactions for buying a car.
@_date: 2014-04-14 14:10:06
if its ridiculous, then let Andreas say that on the record himself, he doesn't need you speaking for him. he posted from what i can tell one semi relevant tweet on the issue, and some vague reddit comments that dont address even half the questions. you are satisfied that this is adequate? 
@_date: 2014-04-23 13:50:02
What are the most unorthodox and creative uses for the blockchain and/or colored coins and/or multisig besides for digital money? 
Do you think that since gaining ownership of bitcoin today means buying it with fiat currency, this kind of reinforces the problems of fiat into bitcoin because the same people who made that system unfair have an advantage in being able to buy lots of bitcoin? 
What are your thoughts on the large gap of wealth inequality and can bitcoin help with this or will it take a pre-mined and equally distributed cryptocurrency like auroracoin?
@_date: 2014-04-10 01:19:15
True, haha, I am pretty happy, but I must say the process of legalization has been an ongoing effort for about 50 years. I dont see how a computer caused any of this, the polls have been slightly going up the more people became informed with the advent of modern media, the better it got the more people supported it until the internet went entirely mainstream and from then on it was obvious that it was just a matter of time (and frankly of brainwashed people dying off) until the herb was legalized.
@_date: 2014-04-16 16:02:37
I dont know about that, the emails are not evidence that he did more than go to their offices once 3 years ago. i would agree that we need a decentralized reddit that is not controlled by mods or anyone though.
@_date: 2014-04-10 01:05:37
Very interesting and a great idea. I understand this is a thought experiment/eccentric idea/not entirely serious but I will counter it regardless, respectfully, likewise as a thought experiment. 
1) Bitcoin does not have one author though. It has an original author, but in the current version of bitcoin, a significant chunk of the code is not Satoshi's but has been redone by real, known people around the world. (I dont know exactly how much, if anyone here knows please share.)
2) That is true, however the answer to why this occurs is known, and its not a sentient machine. Its because the rich rig the system so they are always making money, while the poor are instead always paying interest and taxes when corporation pay nothing and get bailed out.(I know this sounds borderline libertarian but I am not one)
3) Well that's highly debatable and not a fact, the economy has not really improved very much and many people think its going to get worse. We are still in too big to fail mode, remember. More wealth inequality than ever before. And increasing poverty as well, disappearance of the middle class, starvation wages, inflation, studen loan debt, other debt, lack of jobs only projected to be increasing short and long term.
4)There has been plenty in the news recently. Frankly I think this is clearly evident, do you really need me to read the news to you? Don't take my word for it, please check for yourself. there has been recent police abuse, recent court decisions, politicians going even more insane (rob ford?) crazy people go even crazier, stupid people go even stupider. everybody is doubling down at whatever they are wrong about and its creating constant, always-crazier-than-the-last-one news stories. *errrh*
5) At this point you lost me entirely. UKRAINE?? SYRIA? The People's Glorious Republic North Korea tension with South Korea escalating? US ramping up drone strikes? Guantanamo bay still open? and uh What the f is going on in Benghazi and Libya? I dont know (or care much honestly) but something that we are or recently were involved in. You know many many serious people who study these types of large scale terrorist threats say stuff like there's a 50% chance a radioactive explosion will be detonated in the US in the next 10 years? Anyone could assassinate the president or any other politician, particularly with the use of drones. The only reason it hasn't happened is because no one capable has tried. Consider this point entirely debunked. *errrh*
6)We do know that Israel and America created stuxnet. Just want to get that out of the way, *errrh*
7) Legalization of cannabis has been in the process for 40+ years. The only reason its happening now, is because of the internet people have access to the information and the informed among the population know it is safe (unlike alcohol, nicotine, and hammers), benign, highly medicinal (not just for pain relief but it has reduced a child's seizures from 500 a week to one a week when nothing else worked, medicinal concentrates taken orally or applied on the skin may cure some specific types of cancer), psychologically healthy (unlike alcohol) and a cash crop. *errrh*
So I dont think the world picture is anywhere near these conditions. But let me attempt to tackle the main premise and its fault: Why would there only be one AI? Assuming it lives in computers, it would be able to copy itself and reproduce infinite copies, and this would be the strategic thing to do evolutionarily. If you have a billion of these things (or maybe a billion on every desktop computer in america), you really think 0 out of possibly millions of billions of these things independently messing with its programming, not one would either come forward and contact humans, or slip up and be caught? Another problem is that the AI apparently is wild (this is why i assumed the AI could reprogram itself, because you assumed it was wild) I dont see any other way a AI would get loose and be able to do any of this unless it could reprogram itself without human-induced constraints (in your analogy if it finds away around the "meaning of life" given to it by humans). I think two problems is enough for now but if anyone counters my two, I may add more.
@_date: 2014-04-10 01:46:29
eh, but services and other people dont use that though so it becomes annoying and you will end up having to switch back to the other system whenever you actually want to use your bitcoin for anything in order to calculate the cost
@_date: 2014-04-10 00:28:36
his theory sounds cooler.