@_author: jg87iroc
@_date: 2017-11-25 20:34:17
I didn’t mean to imply a relationship between between strength and BMR I was just sharing my experience in a similar situation of being dismissed. I haven’t had a chance to check yet but when I do and if I find anything I’ll let you know here.  
@_date: 2017-11-25 05:12:47
So I’m into lifting and bodybuilding, for fun not to compete or anything, and so I have helped a lot of friends over the years with lifting and gaining weight. I would say the number is well over a dozen with about 8 people or so sticking with it. Every single person who identified as you do, able to eat a ton of food and not gain weight, severely overestimated the calories they were actually consuming within a week(Body changes happen slowly so it’s more productive to thinks in terms of a week and not just a day) The variance of metabolic rate is relatively small and falls in line around 200 kcals a day. There are some extremes but I believe it’s only around 600 calories. Which is a lot I admit, but not if your intelligently attempting to gain weight. One would find out rather quickly they need to up their calories. So there really aren’t all these skinny people running around eating 4k cals a day. 
I find that Most people that identify like yourself tend to eat very large meals on a regular basis, at least every other day, but have very long periods of not eating because of that. That’s the same thing as eating two moderate meals though so it’s not affecting much of anything. Because these people generally are able to eat large amounts in one sitting, something I can’t do but I am eating over 4K clean calories a day right now, they feel like they consume a lot more calories then they actually do. Once I get them drinking a 1k+ calorie shake in the morning upon waking and at night before bed, plus all their other meals, they then realize they didn’t actually eat that much. I hope that helps you as you said your drinking weight gainer shakes so I presume you’re trying to gain weight. Track everything you eat for a week and I bet you will be surprised of the number. 
Lastly, on the off chance you’re buying a weight gainer product save your money and try- 2 cups whole milk, 1.5 cups dry oatmeal, 2 scoops whey(optimum nutrition is fantastic from a gram of protein per $ and vanilla is great in this) 2 tbsp chia seeds, and a half cup of frozen blueberries or equivalent. This is about 1150 calories, 85 protein, 110 carbs, and 35 grams fat. If the volume is to much you can add some fat like coconut oil and cut the quantities of of milk/oatmeal or just throw the fat in anyway. Chocolate whey with peanut butter is another good option. Just blend all that shit and drink it quickly or else it will hard to finish but you get used to it quickly. Another thing I eat, but really shouldn’t as the negative health effects of dairy are very well documented, is 2 cups whole fat plain Greek yogurt, 1 cup of the most calorie dense granola you can find( I use wegmans brand that is 140 cals per 1/4 cup, honey to taste, and some berries. That’s also right around 1100 calories and is god damn delicious. 
@_date: 2017-11-25 05:42:45
Oh man I share your pain. I’m 6’4 and naturally carry a very small amount of muscle. I quite lifting and started back up over a year ago and weighed 170. I’m at 190 now but being tall nobody can even notice lol. It takes a very long time to fill out at that height so just be prepared for several years of hard work before it’s noticeable to others unless your walking around naked all the time. 
Yeah man if you’re hitting the gym hard I would honestly just start right off at 4K calories a day and weigh yourself every morning and record it so you can make adjustments. I eat that amount and don’t eat much sugar at all. In fact I’m mostly vegetarian unless I’m eating out or making something special. It can be done with the right foods. Nuts, nut butters, seeds, legumes of all kinds, piling healthy fats on your food ect will
be a massive help. The shakes are honestly the best, you really can’t beat drinking up to 1200 calories in 5 min. And I find that because it was blended to hell and was liquid I’m able to eat much sooner again then if I ate something like 8 eggs, sausage, and toast.  
@_date: 2017-11-25 15:27:41
Yes there are the outliers but I find it near impossible he actually consumed 6k calories a day and didn’t gain weight. Metabolism is not just some rate at which your metabolize your food. Metabolism involves chemical reactions in every cell of ones body that use calories to keep the body alive. It’s not as if that can be manipulated to 3x higher than average. It’s just not possible. If he truly tracked and weighed all his food which was 6k+ and only had moderate activity I would strongly recommend seeing a professional as he clearly is not digesting the majority of that food. Without doing an incredible amount of physical activity, riding a bike for an hour burns about 500 calories if your husband is around 180lbs. He would have to ride said bike at least 7 hours a day to consume those calories and not have it turn to fat. He can’t force his body on a uniform, cellular level, to increase its rate of metabolism by 2-3 times without doing very high levels of activity such as that. To give you another example, Eddie hall, the worlds strongest man who has deadlifted 1100 pounds and weighs 410 pounds at 6’3 eats around 6500 calories on most days.  
@_date: 2017-11-25 06:22:08
It’s not nearly as bad as it sounds as Its nothing like eating hot oatmeal. When it’s blended you can just drink it no chewing or anything. 
@_date: 2017-11-25 19:55:43
I didn’t mean to insult you and if I did I apologize. I should really know better as I’m in a similar situation myself actually. I have found out after years of lifting that I am one of the few genetic outliers that is incredible weak and has little potential in ever attaining respectable strength. I have hired coaches, tracked every gram of food including macros, gone up to as high as 5k calories a day when I have a desk job and then just the gym 4x a week, dedicated 9 hours a night to sleep, pushed myself very hard in the gym and consumed a lot of literature on programming and strength programming in particular and have very little to show for it. 
The feeling of everyone discounting you is horrible and infuriating. That said, genetic potential for strength is vastly different than a metabolism that high. I have tried to do some research but it’s a very niche case so I haven’t had much luck. I will continue looking and hopefully I can share some literature with you that sheds light on the situation for both of us. It is very intriguing to say the least. Again, I apologize if I came off rude it wasn’t my intent and I think in text I can come across that way often unfortunately. 