@_author: jgreenhall
@_date: 2014-10-20 17:36:52
Hi.  This is a very smart plan. I've a few critiques that I'll describe below, but in general - nice.  There is a bunch of stuff here that simply needs to exist so to the degree that you move the ball forward on smart contracts, decentralized "cloud computing" and/or attention currency it will be of benefit to the world regardless of whether your particular approach succeeds.  
Do you know Yoni Assia?  I assume he is involved and if he isn't, you should reach out to him.  Happy to connect.  
You should also connect with Joel Dietz.
As for critiques, it is my opinion that the Big Win around combining cryptocurrency and social networks is not just a more fair, more rational, more agentic play within our current economic/political system; but is the beginning of the establishment of an entirely new economic/political system.  As a consequence, my critique is that you've set the bar too low.  If you are interested, you can take a look at my Medium post here for some very rough thoughts on what a deep disruption looks like: 
Of course, there is a lot of work to be done and most efforts by their nature will fail.  So, you can't be fairly criticized for taking on a really nice big chunk that makes sense to you.  In fact, the opposite.  I'll be happy to support your effort when the crowdfunding kicks off.  In the meantime - if you have any documentations on specifically how you intend to fulfill some of the core platform features, I'd love to see them.
@_date: 2014-10-21 20:16:22
Yoni gets it.  He is local to where you guys are operating and is far enough along the entrepreneurial arc to be helpful in a number of ways.
I'll take a look at Daniel's latest post.
Very compelling to discover that you are a meditation teacher.
@_date: 2014-10-21 20:34:51
Hmm. I spent time with him around when he was founding eToro.  [I seed invested in eToro.]  My sense was that he had both good intentions and a decent sense of how to do things.  Of course its been years and I interacted with him only relatively lightly.  
Perhaps reversing - who do you not know that you would like to know?  Its possible that I might be able to help.  
1/3rd of the way through Daniel's post.  Sounds familiar and correct. 
@_date: 2012-04-11 21:37:36
@_date: 2011-06-22 18:45:59
In point of fact, Bitcoin is not safe.  The private keys are exposed during runtime - so unless you are running them from a crypto thumbdrive, an adequately sophisticated hacker can read them during runtime even if you have your wallet encrypted at all other times.  The caveat of "if I'm not an idiot" spills the beans - if more than 15% of your users are "idiots" in the sense that they might have a trojan sniffing their system at any given time then the jig is up.
But that isn't the point - the point is that "Bitcoin" as a protocol is meaningless unless embedded in a social/market context where by people feel confident in using it for transactions.  Confidence because it is secure, reliable and relatively easy.  If the bar for participating in this market context is too high, then people won't participate and it won't ever reach the status of a currency.  
As you point out, the weakest point for BTC is exchanges.  Securing personal accounts will always be a problem (and I am dubious that you can achieve 85% effectiveness without some kind of policing function, but I'd love to see that happen) but securing the transaction between BTC and legacy currencies is much more problematic - particularly at any velocity and ease of use that makes it useful.   is perfectly functional and the web of trust is well considered.  Yet 90% of trades went through Mt. Gox - in spite of the fact that for the past 10 days there were serious concerns about security.
@_date: 2011-06-07 18:06:28
Not necessarily, it could be linked to a merchant that holds BTC for its own account (and which then links to exchange sites to manage its BTC inventory).  That isn't too complicated.
@_date: 2011-06-02 23:54:26
First we have to start with some definitions.  
- Money is some kind of symbol that satisfies some or all of the conditions of medium of exchange, store of value, unit of accounting, etc.
- Money supply is the absolute number of units of money in the economy
- The money supply is expanding if the number of units is increasing, it is shrinking if the number of units is decreasing.  If neither apply, then it is static.
- Wealth is the absolute amount of goods and services available in the economy (including productive assets)
- Price is the number of units of money necessary to effect a transaction for a given amount of wealth.
- Deflation occurs when the money supply is growing more slowly than the wealth in the economy (less money chasing more goods).  During deflation, prices go down.
- Inflation occurs when the money supply is growing more quickly than the wealth in the economy (more money chasing fewer goods). During inflation, prices go up.
 
- Investment is the allocation of money to productive activity intended to create (increase) wealth.  
- Hoarding is the removal of money from the money supply.
[Savings is sometimes used to mean investment and sometimes used to mean hoarding, so I'll not use it at all here.]
There are a lot of other concepts that need to be defined to really look at BTC, like velocity and exchange rates, but we can ignore them for now 
Right now Bitcoin money supply is growing (rapidly), and appears to be deflationary as prices (in BTC) are going down.  This could be because while the total number BTC in existence is growing, the actual money supply is shrinking due to hoarding, it could be because the "BTC economy" (the actual transactions that take place in BTC) is growing, it could be because of relative exchange rates.
When BTC reaches steady-state (21m BTC) then the absolute money supply will be fixed.  The actual money supply will vary depending on the amount of hoarding, investing and spending in the economy.  However, because the absolute money supply is capped while the amount of wealth in the economy is not capped, we can say that BTC is fundamentally deflationary.  By example, if BTC expanded to cover the entire US economy (i.e, all transactions currently part of the US GDP were done in BTC) the "dollar" value of a single BTC would be roughly $77,000 (remember, I'm not accounting for velocity) and prices that are currently rendered in 1 BTC would be rendered in .00001 BTC.
Deflation is good for anyone who has and is holding money - the relative value of that money (its ability to purchase wealth) is going up.  Deflation is bad for anyone who is holding wealth - the relative value of that wealth (its ability to purchase money) is going down.  While many will talk about the debtor/creditor issues around deflation (deflation is better for creditors than debtors), the biggest challenge for a deflationary economy is that it disincentivizes investment and wealth creation.    This is because in a deflationary economy, wealth production pushes prices down - distributing the value to holders of money and away from the holders of wealth.  
The fact that Bitcoin is deflationary is a real problem and almost certainly prevents it from becoming a potential fundamental global money.  This does nothing to negate the critiques of fiat currencies and inflation.  Inflation destroys the value of money, sends bad signals to the market and, because newly created currency doesn't enter the economy efficiently, it tends to redistribute wealth to those closest to the money creation engine (i.e., to the bankers in the current economic model).  
BTC can certainly - and indeed very well might - act as an accelerator of the decline of all existing fiat money (principally the dollar, euro and perhaps yen.)  It has tremendous absolute value as a fully digital, decentralized currency and relative value as a store of value against rapidly declining fiat currencies.  But it can't be the foundation of an effective economy.  I think of it as a sort of solvent that will accelerate the collapse of the current global money system - and perhaps a bridge to something in the future.  
An ideal money would have all of the technical benefits of Bitcoin (particularly decentralization) but would increase the money supply exactly in line with the increase in wealth.  However, no one knows how to do this - certainly not in a decentralized way.  Friedman's proposal to simply set an arbitrary growth rate (in his case 4%) might be the best we can achieve - although it would be vastly better if we could have a real theory that could increase the money supply with precision.
@_date: 2011-06-22 17:02:26
I think you overestimate the anonymity that is available in the virtual world.  Particularly with bitcoin.  
As for what are you going to do, you have to recall that power is always everywhere.  If you don't have the rule of law which reserves power under specific architectures and processes; then you have open power.  If someone can hack into and steal my property without my having any redress, then we are in anarchy.  If we are in anarchy, then there is no reason why I can't or shouldn't meet that power with my own counter-power.  The possibilites are unlimited.  
You think that the drug gangs and mobs that will use Bitcoin are going to sit idly by while hackers steal their wealth?  One way or another, some sort of power enforcement is going to take place if this is going to be in any way a viable currency at scale.  
Of course, the real dynamic comes down to what the harm actually looks like. If a reasonable level of prophylactic behaviour (encrypting your wallet, PGP instead of usernames and passwords, etc.) pushes theft (etc) down to a dull roar (say less than 3% of activity at any given time) then the big stick won't ever emerge.  If theft activity gets into the 15 - 20% range, you'll have just enough desire to make the system work that the big stick will emerge.  If theft activity gets above that level, then the whole system will simply collapse due to lack of confidence.
@_date: 2011-06-07 18:07:28
Gotcha.  If I launched a more automated system (perhaps through a toolbar) would you have any angst?  I'm noodling on lots of different business ideas to accelerate BTC and this is one of the better areas to go after.
@_date: 2011-06-07 15:20:47
Automation?  I'm thinking maybe a toolbar or browser-extension that can communicate with a back-end on your side that does all the work at once.  Need to bundle the BTC price conversion, the clearcoin escrow, the wishlist, etc. all into a single package that gets sent to your side and kicks off an automated process.  
Or are you already largely automated and its a matter of capital?
@_date: 2011-06-25 14:46:47
What is your legal theory to make this legal in the US?  Are you treating BTC as a currency, a commodity, security?  Compliance with relevant regulatory requirements (reporting, etc?)
@_date: 2011-06-05 02:09:47


:)  Its a law student doc, they love that stuff.  Ignore the footnotes and fly through it.
You are correct that there is a separate layer that involves the various kinds of *activities* that might be built around BTC.  An exchange is likely regulated - but is it a currency exchange, a securities exchange or a commodity exchange?  What if, instead of running an exchange, you simply sell BTC on your own account?  
There are anti-money laundering statutes that need to be noodled.  The whole anti-terror complex might raise its ugly head.  Etc.  I've pinged some of my friends in the FBI to see if they know anyone who might have the whole thing in their head.
From what I understand, mtgox is currently reporting transactions &gt; $10k USD.
@_date: 2011-06-23 21:53:35
Gold is also harder to store on a thumb drive.  Even for metallurgists.  
@_date: 2011-06-20 16:28:21
The real currency markets are centralized.
@_date: 2011-06-11 21:32:35
You are making the interpretation that they aren't a security.  It is quite possible to interpret them as an "investment contract" - ergo a security under US laws.  They can also be construed as a commodity, albeit through the difficult conceptual twist of a "cryptographic commodity".  Or they can simply construe all of them as contracts that are part of a RICO money laundering conspiracy (whereby every bitcoin is evidence of being part of the conspiracy).
I think you are making the mistake of assuming that the law is an objective entity.  If the forces that interpret (the judiciary) and enforce (the executive) the law determine that a certain activity must be prevented, they can shape the law to that result.  With prejudice.  If they decide to frame all bitcoin transactions as part of the drug trade, under the drug laws they can make quite a mess of people's lives - even if they don't win in the long run.  
The rule of law is useful only when you are inside the sandbox and playing by the rules.  Bitcoin can easily challenge the sandbox and, therefore, is not particularly protected by the rule of law.
The only way for BTC to be long-term stable is for it to form its own political power base.  If 100 million americans have substantial wealth in bitcoin, the feds aren't going to mess with it.  If 20 senators have their electoral success determined by bitcoin (bitcoin holding voters, campaign spending, etc.), then no one is going to mess with it.  If major existing players (banks, hedge funds, etc.) throw down, then it has its own power base.
All of this might come to pass one way or another over the next two or so years.  But until then, BTC is a very squashable thing.
@_date: 2011-06-23 18:20:42


This is the crux of the matter.  Gold is useful because of its particular physics: physics makes gold easy to identify, nearly impossible to copy, scarce (but not too scarce), easy to divide, extremely durable, etc.
These characteristics make gold a highly useful medium for money - competitively superior to most anything else.  
Bitcoin has similar characteristics - but this time based on math not on physics.  And math is more canonical than physics.  Bitcoin has its practical weaknesses (as does gold) but there is no *principled* reason to think of bitcoin as any less obviously valuable as a form of money than gold.   
@_date: 2011-06-05 00:51:18
BTW - the guys who started eToro are in Israel and are quite familiar with BTC.
@_date: 2011-06-22 01:28:04
I was very intrigued by [this idea](  I'd love to use BTC itself as the mechanism for securing identity.  
@_date: 2011-06-22 02:17:52
No, spending is investing in yourself.  Saving might be something like "reserving the potential to invest in yourself at a later date" but it isn't investing.  
Investing is the deployment of money into the economy to generate productive (wealth producing) activity.  
@_date: 2011-06-22 17:22:29
Bad debt.  The money is out there, but never gets paid back.  
Of course, if bad debt = interest, then banks will be non-profit.  A fact that we are discovering now in spades . . . :)
@_date: 2011-06-22 02:20:13
You can't put the risk aside.  You have to compare the risk to the return.  If activity Y had a return of 3% and a risk of 2% then you would do it.  However, if, because of deflation of 2% the risk reduced to 1%, then you wouldn't do it.  This collapse of the margin has cascade effects up the investment (entrepreneurial) chain - the net result of which is a reduction in entrepreneurial (risk) activity.  
@_date: 2011-06-26 14:49:12
Thousands of USD and tens of BTC.
@_date: 2011-06-22 02:09:57
You would.  The question is whether anyone would be able to take the loans.
The issue with deflationary economies is in the marginal effect on entrepreneurship.  Every entrepreneurial activity comes with risk and return.  The risk is largely taken at the beginning (when money is converted into productive activity) and the return largely comes at the end (when productive activity is converted back into money).  You take the probability of return times the magnitude of return over time and compare that to the risk.  If the upside is greater than the downside - you do it.  
If prices decrease over time, then the magnitude of the return will also decrease.  This means that fewer activities will get greenlit.  An activity that would be able to generate positive returns in a stable or inflationary economy will suddenly generate negative returns in a deflationary economy.  
@_date: 2011-06-23 16:40:04
I bet I could write a plugin that would enable Quicken users to pay their taxes in BTC (the government will still get dollars of course) . . .
@_date: 2011-06-07 01:22:07
Can you scale your service?  How many people can you handle before it starts to get clogged?
@_date: 2011-06-22 23:58:30
Consider doing it as an [Open Company](
Note that venue will be challenging.  US laws aren't very easy around currency exchanges (or commodity exchanges if you want to argue that path).  Might need to shop for the right jurisdiction (Canada?).
@_date: 2011-07-02 17:14:54
Hyperinflation happens progressively as late movers discover that they are late movers.  The more likely way that people in a hyperinflationary environment get into bitcoin is that they exchange wealth (goods and services) for hard currency, not soft currency for hard currency.  
Of course, since I imagine very few in Belarus currently have bitcoin, the originary supply would either have to come through mining or through exporting goods and services to people who do have BTC.
@_date: 2011-06-22 01:47:27
This is only because the bankers in a fractional reserve system have a multiplier effect.  You give them $1000.  They book all of this as reserves and, therefore, have the ability to loan $9000.  They pay you interest on $1000 and earn interest on $9000.   Profit!
As you correctly note above, in BTC fractional reserve banking is impossible.  If you give them $1000 - they can only loan $1000.  Which means that they are going to have to split the interest with you (or steal it from you).  
All-in, credit formation is one of the biggest weaknesses of a fixed supply currency.
@_date: 2011-06-03 03:47:49
It depends on how deep the rabbit hole goes.  Don't forget that the major global currencies (USD, Euro and Yen) are all very unstable right now and linked to economies that are teetering on the precipice.  If BTC starts to fray their rope they might end up feeling a lot like Mubarak (or Ghadaffi) and decide that shutting down the whole Internet is better than losing their entire ship.  
@_date: 2011-06-23 13:51:56


I can answer that one.
@_date: 2011-06-03 15:04:50
Of course they wouldn't be so clumsy.  There are three different approaches that I can think of off the top of my head.
1. Boiling the frog.  Start by using the patriot act and money laundering legislation to prosecute BTC operators.  If that doesn't work, pressure the network operators to filter BTC protocol.  As the country becomes hostile to any big BTC operator and BTC transactions start taking place outside the country, position BTC as a part of the global terror network (and/or organized crime) and use that proxy to move further and further.
2. False flag - organize a major cyber attack that takes down some substantial portion of the Internet.  Use that as an excuse to "protect" the Internet by putting "anti hacker" hardware in every pop and anti hacker software on every router.  
3. Save us - present BTC as part of a major hostile conspiracy against the American people, show that it is only by taking down the Internet and then putting back up a safe Internet that we can be safe.
Obviously, these are all variations on a theme.  
But if push comes to shove - and with the fragility of existing currencies it very well might - the risk of the above strategies will swiftly be less than the risk of allowing a currency collapse.
@_date: 2011-06-12 14:01:44


You are vastly over estimating both the government's awareness and capability.  "The government" is just now becoming aware of Bitcoin, and even then just barely.  You will have an NSA guy here and an Defense Intelligence guy there who knew about it long ago, but they had neither the ability nor the self-interest to push it up the chain of command. 
By comparison, they are just getting the idea that linden dollars can be used for money laundering.   
@_date: 2011-06-22 01:49:39
I must be missing something.  How did you conjure up the 90%?  Isn't each BTC unique and identifiable?  If so, then how can you create one and loan it out without that fact being obviously discoverable? 
More specifically - if you can do what you describe above, the much easier path would be to simply conjure up those coins and spend them.  
Fractional reserve banking using gold required the use of gold certificates or bank notes - something that was demonstrably *not* gold, but was none-the-less accepted as currency.  In the BTC example, the exchange could certainly conjure up MTGOXBUX *(guranteed backed by actual Bitcoin!) and try to get people to take those - but this is quite different from being able to actually loan them BTC.
@_date: 2011-06-22 01:34:42
FWIW - there might be some legal issues with dUSD (banking regulations, etc.).  
@_date: 2011-06-26 01:00:47
Id be interested in buying some silver with BTC.  Safecoin escrow i assume?
@_date: 2011-06-25 19:05:14
Who is your legal team?  
@_date: 2011-06-07 02:31:01
Has anyone considered a toolbar that you can use to automate workarounds like frycicle's for lots of sites?
@_date: 2011-06-22 01:32:58
Your ripple approach reminds me of [Hawalla](
This could work - as it clearly does work in the Islamic world.  The challenge, of course, is to generate a trust network with enough nodes to allow for currency exchange with enough velocity to support the economy.  You could very easily see this happening in places like India where banking and credit cards don't really exist anyway.
@_date: 2011-06-20 18:16:26
The foreign exchange market is a decentralized financial market in the same sense that bitcoin trading in general is a decentralized financial market: it is organized around lots of different exchanges some of which are very large and some of which are small (including strict person to person OTC exchanges).  This mixes efficiency (one can have an account with one of the large banks and engage in trivial currency conversion for a fee and not have to deal with exchanges) with resilience (no one player dominates the market - although London and the Dollar respectively hold far too much market power).   
@_date: 2011-06-04 00:06:06
Unfortunately, equity investing is also disincentivized.  Any activity that converts money into wealth ("goods and services") is disincentivized in a deflationary environment.  This is because the relative value of money is increasing while the relative value of wealth (the output of entrepreneurial activity) is decreasing.    
@_date: 2011-06-22 03:19:39
Oddly, none of the replies actually address the substance of the post. While one might want to argue back and forth about the *merits* of a fixed-supply currency, OP's point is that if you desire such a thing (as libertarians and gold bugs do) then it is Bitcoin and not gold that is the superior mechanism.  
I consider this an incontrovertible point and it is a huge advantage of Bitcoin over gold.  Thus, if you prefer gold over fiat currencies, then you should prefer Bitcoin over gold.  If you prefer fiat currencies over gold, then those same arguments would hold against Bitcoin.    
@_date: 2011-06-05 00:50:22
You are definitely not alone.  I tagged bitcoin in August of last year, but only as an interesting technical problem.  Then I started digging deep into virtual currencies this year.  No I'm obsessing on BTC.  
This is the primary reason why it might succeed - this kind of passion (particularly when it is distributed and motivated by more than just getting paid) is that the core of everything that succeeds. 
Honestly, this feels to me a lot like the early days with MP3's (like maybe late '96 before Winamp) or even the old BBS days.  
For those who are interested, I found [this]( to be very useful - particularly the legal review in the back.
@_date: 2011-07-06 04:29:43
What are the features about it that you like?  
@_date: 2011-06-22 03:12:00


To be sure, a wallet.dat sitting on the open on your HDD is exposed.  But that is an easy fix.  Just wrap it in PGP or (even better) put it on a crypto thumb-drive.  
Of course, you have the same problem with PGP or an RSA thumb-drive - if they are hacke the hacker has your ID.  At the end of the day, unless you tie security to biometrics (or [even biometrics]( you have at least one gaping hole that a hacker can exploit.
@_date: 2011-06-22 17:26:13
You can also modulate exchange rate based on trust.  
@_date: 2011-06-22 01:57:40
When do you think the Bitcoin economy will start spontaneously forming "police"?  Security includes prophylactic measures like not leaving your passwords hanging out - but it also includes enforcement to keep the attacks down to a dull roar.  
Clearly there is an economic incentive here - and since every address and every transaction can be tracked it would be a plausible activity to find the individuals and punish them.
@_date: 2011-06-29 14:33:46


No, that isn't the key question.  The key question is whether the mix of bitcoin advantages is adequate for it to attract enough value transaction velocity to be a long-term useful medium of exchange.  This could happen through a variety of avenues, where predating on current PayPal and credit card transactions is only one.


This is poor journalism.  There is an increasing amount of high quality consideration of the legal questions around bitcoin.  The short answer is: its complicated.  Any effort to compress this complexity into a quick judgment is disingenuous.  
@_date: 2011-06-22 16:53:43
Which part?  Form police or punish? 
For the former, I can imagine a service that you can sign-up for and pay some fee to that will monitor the network for addresses that you want it to monitor, check services for exploits and report them to subscribers, etc.  That much is pretty easy. 
In terms of punishment - the sky is the limit.  I've seen the guys at go fuck yourself lay down the law pretty thick on wannabe haxors who threatened their interests.  Anyone can be tracked down.
@_date: 2011-06-22 01:43:27
Technically, this doesn't have any impact on the money supply - it has an impact on velocity.  In fractional reserve banking, the bank has the ability to actually create new money (either by creating gold certificates that are used in the place of gold or by creating bank notes that are used in the place of dollars, etc.).  
In the example that you are using, no new money is being created.  There are still 6.8m BTC in the universe.  The difference is that instead of sitting in an account doing nothing, they (in this case) would be in the economy doing something (velocity) - which would tend to have the result of increasing prices.  
This is, in fact, generally positive - as it is better for the economy for those units of currency to be engaged in producing wealth rather than doing nothing.  Of course, if the exchange is doing this without the knowledge or permission of the people who actually own the BTC, then that is a very different issue (a form of theft).   
@_date: 2011-06-23 14:00:02
Or even [$8.7Bn]( 
@_date: 2011-06-23 13:57:27
I agree.   And I think in general that will happen - lord knows the average Joe needs to do a better job securing his data.  
It feels like BTC is almost building a pre-emptive immune system for what is coming down the pipe for everything else. LulzSec (et al) could turn conventionality into swiss cheese - its just most people don't feel that reality in their gut.  If the crypto shit does start hitting the fan in 6 - 12 months, the bitcoin folk will tend to be the most prepared.
That said, there needs to be some point where an average person feels like they can engage in some reasonably light amount of activity and feel mostly safe - like locking your door when you leave your house.  
@_date: 2011-06-24 18:38:03
No you haven't.  You have moved some coins from one bucket to another bucket (from savings to spending) but the money supply is unchanged.  
Lets say you have 1,000 coins in the economy.  At T0 all of those coins are in the bank being saved.  At T1, the bank loans out 900 coins.  Now 900 coins are being spent and 100 coins are being saved.  But there are still 1,000 coins.
In fractional reserve banking, the actual amount of currency in the economy expands.  Lets say that you are a gold vault.  You have 1000 oz of gold.  You produce "gold certificates" that each are "redeemable" in 1 oz of gold.  You then issue 9000 gold certificates - representing 10% reserves.  There are now 10,000 units of currency in the economy - 1,000 that are being saved and 9,000 that are being spent.  
Per a previous comment, by moving coins from the "saving" bucket to the "spending" bucket, you certainly increase the *velocity* of the money supply - which has a very similar effect to expanding the money supply (prices rise as velocity increases and fall as velocity decreases).  But it is not the same as expanding the money supply.  
@_date: 2011-06-09 21:30:03
Working on it.  Agree with that list.
@_date: 2011-06-20 00:34:06
Yep . IMAP 1 hour ago. 
United States (MI) (174.36.222.195)
@_date: 2011-06-03 01:02:06
First we have to start with some definitions.  
- Money is some kind of symbol that satisfies some or all of the conditions of medium of exchange, store of value, unit of accounting, etc.
- Money supply is the absolute number of units of money in the economy
- The money supply is expanding if the number of units is increasing, it is shrinking if the number of units is decreasing.  If neither apply, then it is static.
- Wealth is the absolute amount of goods and services available in the economy (including productive assets)
- Price is the number of units of money necessary to effect a transaction for a given amount of wealth.
- Deflation occurs when the money supply is growing more slowly than the wealth in the economy (less money chasing more goods).  During deflation, prices go down.
- Inflation occurs when the money supply is growing more quickly than the wealth in the economy (more money chasing fewer goods). During inflation, prices go up.
 
- Investment is the allocation of money to productive activity intended to create (increase) wealth.  
- Hoarding is the removal of money from the money supply.
[Savings is sometimes used to mean investment and sometimes used to mean hoarding, so I'll not use it at all here.]
There are a lot of other concepts that need to be defined to really look at BTC, like velocity and exchange rates, but we can ignore them for now 
Right now Bitcoin money supply is growing (rapidly), and appears to be deflationary as prices (in BTC) are going down.  This could be because while the total number BTC in existence is growing, the actual money supply is shrinking due to hoarding, it could be because the "BTC economy" (the actual transactions that take place in BTC) is growing, it could be because of relative exchange rates.
When BTC reaches steady-state (21m BTC) then the absolute money supply will be fixed.  The actual money supply will vary depending on the amount of hoarding, investing and spending in the economy.  However, because the absolute money supply is capped while the amount of wealth in the economy is not capped, we can say that BTC is fundamentally deflationary.  By example, if BTC expanded to cover the entire US economy (i.e, all transactions currently part of the US GDP were done in BTC) the "dollar" value of a single BTC would be roughly $77,000 (remember, I'm not accounting for velocity) and prices that are currently rendered in 1 BTC would be rendered in .00001 BTC.
Deflation is good for anyone who has and is holding money - the relative value of that money (its ability to purchase wealth) is going up.  Deflation is bad for anyone who is holding wealth - the relative value of that wealth (its ability to purchase money) is going down.  While many will talk about the debtor/creditor issues around deflation (deflation is better for creditors than debtors), the biggest challenge for a deflationary economy is that it disincentivizes investment and wealth creation.    This is because in a deflationary economy, wealth production pushes prices down - distributing the value to holders of money and away from the holders of wealth.  
The fact that Bitcoin is deflationary is a real problem and almost certainly prevents it from becoming a potential fundamental global money.  This does nothing to negate the critiques of fiat currencies and inflation.  Inflation destroys the value of money, sends bad signals to the market and, because newly created currency doesn't enter the economy efficiently, it tends to redistribute wealth to those closest to the money creation engine (i.e., to the bankers in the current economic model).  
BTC can certainly - and indeed very well might - act as an accelerator of the decline of all existing fiat money (principally the dollar, euro and perhaps yen.)  It has tremendous absolute value as a fully digital, decentralized currency and relative value as a store of value against rapidly declining fiat currencies.  But it can't be the foundation of an effective economy.  I think of it as a sort of solvent that will accelerate the collapse of the current global money system - and perhaps a bridge to something in the future.  
An ideal money would have all of the technical benefits of Bitcoin (particularly decentralization) but would increase the money supply exactly in line with the increase in wealth.  However, no one knows how to do this - certainly not in a decentralized way.  Friedman's proposal to simply set an arbitrary growth rate (in his case 4%) might be the best we can achieve - although it would be vastly better if we could have a real theory that could increase the money supply with precision.
@_date: 2011-06-03 03:56:27
Just run basic entrepreneurial analysis:
* This is currently a very early adopter market.  That means that there are two basic product opportunities: addressing the early adopters and building the bridge to the next wave of adopters.
* An example of the former is all of the stuff that makes the hard-core bitcoiner feel better, happier, more effective.  Stores that sell stuff in bitcoin. Search engines that find stores that sell stuff in BTC.  Marketplaces.  Everything that you can do today on the Net or with financial services should be doable with BTC.
* An example of the latter is all the stuff that makes entry into BTC a lower barrier.  More, better, exchanges.  Better software (UI, security, etc.).  Quality in the cloud wallets.  A great iphone app.  Just make it easier for the non-technical to get into and get using BTC with confidence.
Of course you can go more advanced and think either financial style activities (where are the BTC market makers?  the BTC derivatives?) or try to go grand strategy (I like the credit union idea).  What does BTC enable that is currently impossible on the Net?  What sorts of things emerge when financial transaction costs drop to essentially zero?  One interesting approach is to simply think about BTC as part of the web infrastructure and think of web services that extend "Web 2.0" into some next mashup that includes BTC.  
@_date: 2011-06-25 18:59:09
Both my bitcoin and USD accounts are precisely what they were before the attack.  
@_date: 2011-06-04 15:52:22
You are making a few errors.
What is the potential size of the BTC market?  All told, the BTC market *could* include the entire global economy.  It is a perfectly functional currency that allows exchange.  That is on the order of $60Tn or $285k per BTC (I'm ignoring velocity which is a huge mistake, but this is illustrative not precise).  Of course, there are lots of structural reasons why BTC can't currently and might never actually address this entire potential market.  So lets work backwards and talk about what is the likely addressable market for BTC *today*. 
Right now BTC faces three major structural weaknesses.
1.  It is way too hard to get into and out of BTC through currency exchange.  A new entrant who wants to go from USD to BTC generally will have to wait a week or more to link their bank to dowalla to MtGOX.  Once this is done, of course, the job gets *much* easier.  So this is a barrier to entry, not a transaction cost.  Hence the current addressable market includes everyone who is willing (and able) to jump over that barrier to entry and move into the world of low-friction BTC.  Who does that include?  You correctly identify the "techno-zealots".  We don't know how big that community is, how deep their pockets are or what they will do with the BTC (e.g., hoard vs. spend).  If you stop the analysis there, you can easily get to the conclusion that BTC is an enthusiast bubble that will pop when the enthusiasm dies.  However, there are other "core" markets, the most obvious of which are black and gray markets (aka the early adopters of every Internet innovation).  BTC has a number of structural advantages over other currencies that are particularly amenable to the black and gray markets (no bank involvement, essentially no transaction costs, hard to trace, trivially easy to move across legal jurisdictions, reasonably liquid (compared to gold), etc.)  Consequently, people who sell drugs, for example, have good reasons to accept (even demand) BTC.  People who buy drugs are already jumping over all sorts of barriers to entry, getting into BTC is reasonably trivial.  The global drug market is about $600Bn.  Lets say that just 10% of that market is transacted in BTC (again ignoring velocity) that comes to about $2,900 per BTC (when there are fully 21m BTC in the market).  Other addressable markets include areas where access to credit cards and banking is almost unheard of (e.g., India) or where local currencies have very low confidence (e.g., Zimbabwe).  While the barrier to entry problem is a *huge* one [hint to BTC entrepreneurs - fix this problem.  Iceland anyone?] it is also one that we can expect to get easier and easier as transactions pick up and people hammer at the problem.  So the early adopter markets are currently large enough to push BTC through for a while and might be large enough to bridge to more and more mainstream markets.
2. Liquidity and Confidence.  Your own post points to this problem.  If I have concerns that BTC might crash at some point, and I don't think that I can make an organized (low cost) exit, then I'll have real hesitancy in putting money into BTC.  This objection is real and is largely a matter of time and success.  Right now BTC is a relatively hard to understand (for the layman), niche, new shiny.  Its really only about four months old if you want to talk about BTC as a transactional currency of any volume.  If it continues to perform without collapsing for months then years, this concern will go away.  I remember when this same concern was had about cell phones (not to mention modems).  Counter to this structural weakness is its anti-inflationary nature and, hence, general tendency to appreciate in value.  While I have significant concerns about the long-term viability of a deflationary currency, as an early adopter function, it is a work of genius.  Think about BTC as a kind of equity in a distributed start-up.  Yes, there is a lot of risk in the early days.  But if you and the other early investors in BTC can expand its market and keep it from collapsing, your can expect your early BTC to appreciate (quite handsomely) in value.  So now you have to look at BTC risk in the context of *global* risk.  While the USD might or might not collapse in the next few years, the real bet is whether it goes up or down (relative to BTC). How about the structural strength and confidence in the Euro?  The Yen?  Gold has been on a hell of a tear for the past few years and it is many times less efficient than BTC as a store of value.  If only a miniscule fraction of the market put some of their cash into BTC as a currency diversification strategy, once again, you have enough market size to carry growth well past $17.  
3. Legal risk.  This is a big one and of the three the only real chance to be a killer.  Contra some thoughts, it is not *illegal* to create a new currency, per se.  Local exchange currencies and even things like WOW Gold and Linden Dollars are totally legit under most national legal regimes.  The real trouble comes if BitCoin is considered to be a fundamental part of crime: money laundering, tax evasion etc.  Which it could be.  While it is certainly not, by nature, fundamentally criminal, its early adopters are likely to be in the black market and will likely use it for both tax evasion and money laundering.  This is a real problem and if the BTC market doesn't grow out of the black market in some reasonable timeframe (say 4-5 years) it could have a real problem.  However, law enforcement doesn't move that fast.   The FBI is just starting to notice that Lindendollars can be used for (and are used for) money laundering.  While the long arm of the law might come crashing down on BTC, it likely won't do so for a few years - so take your risk profile and set your strategy accordingly.
A potentially bigger problem is the real threat of BTC to legacy currencies (e.g. the USD and the Euro).  While traditional law enforcement might be slow to the game, the folks who are watching the structural stability of the USD are a different crew entirely.  Here is where I think the real rubber hits the road: if BTC comes to increase the risk on major fiat currencies (and only a little push might do the job), all bets are off.
Now on to some of your other questions.  
1.  Why would a rational consumer pay in BTC if the value of BTC might increase in a week?  He wouldn't.  Unless the BTC goods are unique or the alternative transaction costs are too high.  Since there is a large market opportunity that fits that definition, however, this is not yet a major objection.  If the exchange rate keeps going up, this will continue to be the case and BTC will be an asset, not a medium of exchange.  Of course, it might not keep going up and you are quite right to wonder what would happen if the $/BTC were to go down.  This is a question of technical analysis (support levels, entry levels, etc.).  Suffice to say that right now $17 is not well supported, but that $10 is well supported.
Merchants, on the other hand, would obviously love to take BTC (if they felt confident that they could exit).  As a currency it is better than credit cards or cash (lower transaction costs).  And as an asset, if it does continue to appreciate in value, you can make substantial margin on just appreciation.  This starts to motivate entrepreneurs to craft *unique* goods that can only be purchased in BTC.  Lets say that I offer something as banal as a t-shirt.  But it is a cool t-shirt and I offer it *only* in BTC.  I'm targeting a currently niche market, to be sure, but that isn't an uncommon strategy (particularly in apparel).  And I can charge a cost that "feels" OK when translated to USD (e.g, 1 BTC at todays prices).  A BTC holding consumer might think that $17 for a unique t-shirt was a fair deal and buy the t-shirt.  If they were really stingy with their BTC, they could buy one BTC with USD in realtime and then send me the BTC (i.e., no investment loss on their part).  I, on the other hand, get a BTC that might be worth $20 tomorrow.  A 17% margin in one day in a market category where 10% margins are a huge win.  So you have a market trade-off.  Consumers don't want to spend BTC while vendors will be motivated to craft unique and compelling ways to peel them from their fingers.  This is a perfectly healthy dynamic and for a whole slew of goods and services, can bridge the gap.
You want to go deep on worries about BTC?  Lets talk about the natural feudalism that deflationary currencies generate.  BTC as a small piece of the global currency market is very powerful and positive.  But as a large piece of the global currency market, it is downright dangerous unless we figure out how to route-around the natural weaknesses of a deflationary currency.
@_date: 2011-06-05 00:36:51
I found [this]( to be useful
@_date: 2011-06-03 17:13:23
Thanks, I'll think about it.  I figured your question deserved an answer and I hadn't seen one yet.
The important thing to keep in mind about BTC is that it *needs* zealots in order to have a chance. After all, it is impossible. Until its not.  It was well crafted to get early adopters - hard money crypto currency IT types who can and will build rigs and mine money.  
It remains to be see whether these zealots can push it past this stage into a more general purpose medium of exchange - something that has real staying power.  While the black market can and will provide a big help here, they need to build a real economy around BTC for it to be sustainable.  
The questions we are asking are longer term and higher level in nature.  My thinking is that the right approach is to let BTC clear some ground and then launch a technically similar currency that is better in two ways:
1. Non deflationary
2. Better incentives for growing the economy
And just compete BTC out of the market.
Fundamentally, I think that there is a real opportunity here for a decentralized digital currency and I think that something like BTC can compete with state-sponsored currencies. 
@_date: 2011-06-22 03:22:19
My process was "submitted" around noon and I've been waiting since then to get approved (8 hours later).
@_date: 2011-06-12 14:12:53
Don't forget the secondary effects.  As difficulty goes up, older rigs will start to become decreasingly effective at monetizing GPUs in terms of BTC.  But they will also have been fully paid off.  This starts to create a standing reserve of petaflops that are not being currently utilized.  
I'm already seeing people noodling on ways to monetize this standing reserve of GPUs.  
@_date: 2013-04-15 23:58:01
Dollar cost averaged around $5.  I'm in for the long haul.  I don't care if they are at $100 or $1000.  Its a pure hedge.  