@_author: jhabit
@_date: 2013-05-06 04:12:40
Nice. :)
But: I found Diego's explanation a bit simplistic, he didn't address the speculative nature of bitcoins at this stage. Also, asking "puesteros" in Palermo about the economy may have added color but they didn't add information, quite the opposite.
Also, it's not true that you can buy bitcoins in any currency through the exchanges, as explicitly stated by Jacob IIRC. And the film doesn't address how to acquire or sell bitcoins in Argentina other than paying cash like Diego did. 
I think it is a nice promotional film about bitcoin but saying that this is a documentary of the use or impact of bitcoins in Argentina is a bit of an overstatement.
@_date: 2013-05-06 03:23:01
Ah, I think you're right. It seems reasonable that the wallet file remains encrypted on disk and is only decrypted for accessing my private key and sign my transaction. I haven't transacted yet, my coins are in mt.gox for the moment until I understand what I'm doing with my wallet.
@_date: 2013-05-06 03:17:06
I'm no expert, but from what I understand bitcoins are not identifiable, only transactions are. Each transaction has a number associated with it, namely the amount of bitcoins transfered. If a send 0.1 bitcoins, it's just a number, not part of some whole bitcoin that could be identified and blacklisted or tainted. I may be wrong, of course, but that's my understanding.
@_date: 2013-05-06 03:41:20
Yes, but only by following the chain of transactions, not because they form part of some whole coin. The only sense in which 0.1 bitcoins are part of a "whole coin" is if you go back, as you say, to the original 50 BTC mining reward and then follow all the transactions in which those 50 coins got subdivided. And you can't identify which of those original coins your 0.1 was part of, they existed only as the number 50 in one transaction. You will only be able to identify a single coin when the reward goes down to 1 coin. And even so, the taint doesn't affect the other components of that hypothetical coin, it only affects all transactions that follow the fraudulent one, which contain a mix of fractions of many coins mined at different times.