@_author: jhdowner
@_date: 2014-05-02 01:33:44
I had the same thought, but just as there is a population speculating on btc in the rest of the world, a substantially large population is doing the same here.  For instance, see: 
@_date: 2014-07-06 01:25:53
I've been living off bitcoin in Argentina for the past few months and it's a great buyers market.  If they're coming back soon, have them give me a ring :)
Where to get it?
People drive the flow more than exchanges here.  
- Not a big fan of localbitcoins.  They generally have pretty lousy rates, but every once and a while you get lucky.
-The facebook page is a great resource: 
- Brenda Fernandez a big go to person in the community: 
- I've used digicoins a couple times and they're pretty good
- SatoshiTango is another new one exchange/in person, though I haven't used them yet.
Bitex.la just got a big funding round and is run by Argentinians.
Coinmelon isn't yet open, but they're a good group of guys.
Unisend is relatively low volume, but works out.
A big thing though.  The dollar blue dominates the rates.  It's actually a great buyers market here in Argentina at between 1% and 4% below bitstamp, but just keep in mind that the 8:1 official exchange rate is virtually meaningless and you should expect the 'black market' dollar (~12:1) to be the metric. 
@_date: 2014-05-02 00:35:14
Bitcoins and dollars are purchased in a similar way in Argentina: in person and not through an exchange.  Therefore, it makes sense that there's a tight relationship shown between bitcoin prices and dollar prices here in Argentina.  
As for the number of sites that accept bitcoin.  The point is to illustrate that Argentina is WELL ahead of the curve for bitcoin acceptance.  
The question on the black market isn't fully rounded out and I'm personally not convinced yet, but as knowledge of BTC as an alternative to physical USD percolates through the arbolitos, it shows that a large population -- separate from the normal tech elite --  is starting to take bitcoin seriously as a way to avoid the government's capital controls.  
@_date: 2014-05-01 23:18:49
The only issue is that you're then sitting on stack of Argentinian pesos.  
An area it is very useful for is remittances sent to Argentina.  Currently, a company called Xoom offers the best rates at about 10% below the black market price, but for anyone with a bank account denominated in dollars.  This is the next adventure.  Keep an eye out for new article within the week.
@_date: 2014-05-01 23:10:44
Author of the article here. 
Exactly.  In the US, we're lucky enough to have a reliable currency where the dollar is reliable.  In Argentina, where the peso is loosing value by the day, the risk of adopting a new currency is much lower.  I'm picking on the black market here because I think it may have the ability to be more agile than other areas.
@_date: 2014-05-02 01:31:28
Excellent comment.  
A lot of your questions are mine too.  This is just the first step in exploring the world down here, but you're right.  The 'black market' is so ubiquitous it's odd to think of it as that.  I was here in 2010 and there were counterfeit bills around.  Though likely wrong, friends of friends reported getting some fake 100 peso notes from an ATM once.  I have yet to run into a fake bill this time though.  For sure they are around, but I haven't seen them yet. 
As for sources go, numbers on blue dollar prices come from La Nacion, a popular paper here, and bitcoin prices (USD) are pulled from bitstamp's history and peso prices come from this site:  which reports daily blue rates on various currencies.
There are bitcoin meetups here 
The next step is exploring the variety of businesses which accept btc here.