@_author: jhenrys1993
@_date: 2017-03-10 23:03:09
I was thinking with regard to trying to reduce counterfeiting or illegal trafficking.  For example, whenever Rolex was to produce a watch, it could add it to the ledger and then transfer it to its authorized dealer, and then the dealer to the first owner.  It would work the same as the certificate of origin that is sold with a new watch that could be traced to the manufacturer in the ledger.  Just like a watch that is sold at a lower price when it doesn't have its papers, a watch that is sold to the buyer *and* transferred in the ledger would be sold at a higher price.  It guarantees that you are not buying something that was stolen.  
@_date: 2017-03-10 23:46:29
Thanks for the help!  I'm trying my best to grasp this technology, but this is far outside of my area of knowledge.  I was trying to go through a mental exercise where this could be relevant to me.  (I'm a watch collector).  
@_date: 2017-03-10 23:33:41
I understand how and why the one-way functions are applied and how the protocol is used to scale the difficulty based on available computing power in the network.  However, if say a diamond miner said that all authorized distributors of their diamonds must participate, then all of the those distributors would be mining without compensation.  The compensation is the right to retain their distributorship.  And if the network is relatively small, then the protocol would allow for better odds of completing the block when mining, right.  The process of finding the block is computationally expensive only because the protocol makes it so, correct?  When bitcoin was younger, it was easier to mine then than today, all else being the same (as I understand it). 
@_date: 2017-03-10 23:26:52
That answers my question exactly.  In the case of a manufacturer that can be trusted, be it Rolex or a legitimate diamond manufacturer, proof of work is irrelevant.  When you say database, it could be any universally accessible database, not necessarily one that uses a blockchain?  I wanted to think about secondhand sales when you have two private parties exchanging dollars and goods in  person, but then moving title over in the ledger as well.  