@_author: jholmesland
@_date: 2017-03-14 16:06:51
It's 3820 EUR for 1000sqm at todays exchange rate. We have tried to make the price as low as possible so we can attract as many people as possible. It's also cheap because the plots are sold in advance and is not yet sectiones and rezoned.
The price is about 1/10 of the marketprice in the area for similar plots that is already been sectioned. But this price is only through the presale, and plots sold later in the development will be higher.
You will find more information about the property along with maps on our website.
Edit: We also have a video with an overview of the property
@_date: 2017-03-14 18:57:29
We have been discussing this exact option for the internal marked, in addition to other possibilities. And we will most likely not use the main bitcoin blockchain for transactions. However the participants on the internal marked can freely choose what medium they want to use for trading and we expect that there will be more then just one currency. 
@_date: 2017-03-14 18:21:47
No. The land sale only pays for the purchasing costs of the initial property and the rezoning costs. There will be fees for connecting and using the water and sewage systems and also the garbage collection. But it's optional to use these services and landowners can develop and use their own systems if they want.
All roads, parks, and other common areas will be owned, operated and maintained by the city-company and will not cost anything for the residents and landowners, and  will be free to use for everyone. The city-company will pay for the initial development of this and maintenance costs will come from the revenue from the city-company's business activities
The city-company is a commercial enterprise and will get revenues from several different sources, like rental of commercial premises, retail space, apartments, cabins, concerts and events, and more. This will pay for the maintenance and further development of Liberstad. 
We will also sell more land after the first 15 hectares has been sectioned and transferred to the new owners. This will bring in capital for further development and expansion of Liberstad
Liberstad is open for everyone and we will work to attract visitors and tourists to increase sales and ensure economic growth both for the city-company and other businesses in Liberstad
@_date: 2017-03-14 15:44:03
Liberland and Liberstad are two different projects. Liberland is attempting to create a new country and a minarchist state with a limited government.
While Liberstad is a completely private city within an already existing state. Liberstad will have no internal government and will be subjected to the laws and regulations of the Norwegian government (at least in the beginning). Liberstad will be developed and operated by a private company which will provide the public services for the residents and landowners in Liberstad
This includes roads, water and sewage system, garbage collection, private security, schools., health and emergency service, fire-department and so on. 
Liberstad will have all the public services that is common in an ordinary city but without the politics, taxes and the politicians. 
@_date: 2017-03-14 15:04:51
Liberstad will be developed and operated by a city-company and we plan to build a private water-system complete with an approved filtration plant. We will use the water from a 100k sqm lake that is located on the property.
We will also develop a private sewage- and wastewater system with an approved sewage treatment plant.
It will be optional for the individual landowners to connect to this system and people can develop and use their own water and sewage system if they want. This can be septic-tanks, incineration- ,vacuum- ,or composting toilets. Wastewater can be filtered on the plots before being released into nature or used for plants.
@_date: 2017-03-14 15:14:55
It will be possible to connect to the electricity grid and fiber-optic internet from the very first day. This is already in place on the property today and there is also very good 4G coverage o the property with the possibility of 5G in the future. 
We do expect many of the residents to use solar-panels for electricity, but for businesses and industries who need more power it will be possible to connect to the electricity grid.
We will also look into the possibilities of developing our own power-plant in Liberstad as there are several waterfalls and streams on the property. 