@_author: jicaar
@_date: 2017-12-07 15:27:56
I want to start by saying that I don't own any Bitcoin. But I just want to say congratulations and thank you, Bitcoin. Watching this as someone who never invested is a different experience, but makes me happy for a different reason.
I knew the broad strokes of Bitcoin from hearing of it over the years (block chain made sense, mining didn't but knew it made people money). But with the growth of it now, it was something that I felt like I had to get more educated on. Maybe it was just me being a programmer who wanted to be more up to speed on technologies, but I think the growth of it is something that has caused that next portion society to have to take notice. I mean, when you hear someone bought a pizza a few years ago with what would be worth 36 million today (probably more now), you tend to want to know what all happened haha. Then from there I watched, as I think a lot of people have, "Banking on Bitcoin" on Netflix and that really opened my eyes to how it works and the purpose behind. But  that's more just my background with it (and that is the limit of my "background" with it).
What I am congratulating you guys on isn't the ridiculous amounts of money you have made or your tech savvy-ness for doing this. I'm congratulating you on essentially holding up a sign saying "look, this works! We know there are issues with the current systems of the world and we, the 'common folk' made a new one that addresses that!". It shows people that they can be the change they want to see and they can contribute to it. Granted, it is still young and still has growing to do. But it is showing the world that a good idea can be tested and grow even when all the odds are against it. It is going up against what is honestly the most central part of the world that is the (I'd imagine) most nearly impossible to get into. Money. Between banks, giant conglomerates, and whatever else that would probably blow my mind if I knew about, the fact you got it validated like this through all that is INSANE! Honestly if someone said they wanted to make a new kind of currency to me a few years ago, I'd say you'd have to make a new country. But that was an old world way of thinking, and you've shown a new way of thinking is possible and it will help the world grow. 
Tl;dr Congratulations, guys. You changed the world :). 