@_author: jihan_bitmain
@_date: 2016-06-27 09:48:39
Scammers, please provide the logs and evidence for your claim. Getting away from historical scamming behaviour does not make you a non-scammer. You need to prove what you have said.
Mining pools mining against the stratum protocol under lots of precautions, as the whole system is actively watching the network in lots of ways, for example, if a full block detected full blocks, the full blocks will have higher priority than stratum. The real cycle time the mining pool working in validation-ness state is only a few seconds. Even it is validation-ness, it does not mean the mining pools trust each other blindly.
@_date: 2016-06-27 08:23:39
Antpool delay(ed) for 20mins makes no sense. Scammer Patrick Strateman really needs to provide evidence for such outrageous slander. Last time I have asked one of your colleague in Blockstream to provide such data, but never get a response yet. 
We Bitcoin community really needs to start to remember some name of liars and scammers, like Patrick Strateman. This guy is working for Blockstream now.
Patrick Strateman
Intersango, Bitcoinica scam
We need to be very careful with psychopathy people in our community like this, carrying out criminal without remorse in the history, and feel no hesitate when he lying publicly.
Be very frankly, right now China miners are working on to push a block size bump up, which is somehow different opinion than someone else who have centralised the development of bitcoin protocol development. Bitcoin miners are a group of bitcoin users who are independent with those protocol controllers. By attacking mining pools without evidence, they are effectively trying to monopolise the future of Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2016-05-26 18:26:39
Maxwell, 
When you talking about "in fact", it smells like no fact. You are spreading very serious rumors about the mining network situation. Antpool has been connected to Relay Network and also testing a new network called Falcon after being invited. The total network orphan rate has been keeping lower and lower in the past months, which is an evidence that the network is working in a much better situation. Antpool in the past April have only 1 orphaned block, which is an evidence that there is no selfish mining situation----a selfish mining attack will generate higher orphan rate on both competitors and attackers. On the  you can find that the performance of a mining pool. (This is a third party site, this is fact.)
Antpool and other mining pools had made the position clear as water since in the Hong Kong meeting, that SegWit+HF coming as package. If you just realized right now, that the communication problem inside Core, you cannot blame anyone else. We will not active the SegWit until seeing the promised (by "individuals" yes I know Maxwell could not be represented.) HF code being released in Bitcoin Core. If everything is progressed according the HK Consensus, the SegWit will not be stalled. The SegWit as a very through improvement/change will need to be carefully tested and reviewed after its release, at least for several months. During which time the HF can be proposed, defined, implemented and released. While the max blocksize limit lifting can be activated later, but as the code is already contained in the release, most of the economic nodes in the network will be compatible with the coming blocksize bumping up.
Bitcoin is a worldwide economy infrastructure and it requires working together and moving forward.  Greg, you need to have some self control from talking like a human flesh fascist propaganda machine, trying to attack anyone who disagree with you.
Please don't tag those concerns as "pro-altcoin". (Another evidence of your problematic speaking style.) The concerns are genuine concerns. Some of the concerns coming from people who hold very large stake of Bitcoin since early time. Bitcoin is not the only cryptocurrency in the town. I also see some small blockers are very active in the competing coin development. You cannot use this methods to distinguish people at all. Then stop judging people's intention and unrelated behavior but focus on the problem itself. 