@_author: jikamens
@_date: 2016-09-12 17:14:17
I'm in the same boat. I bought $203 worth of Bitcoin on September 2, via a transfer from my U.S. bank account. The Coinbase web site has been saying for the past four days that my Bitcoin are "Arriving today".  My bank says the cash was removed from my bank account five days ago.
I've emailed Coinbase support about twice about this and once about another issue, with no response.
I placed another bitcoin order, using the same bank account, a few days prior to this one, and the Bitcoin were deposited into my account seven days later as promised.
Their support team have has previously responded significantly more quickly to my inquiries.
I think something is going on.
@_date: 2016-09-15 15:31:35


I cannot find this policy documented anywhere on the Coinbase web site. Can you?
Even if it is true, the fact that it is not documented just casts more doubt on Coinbase's trustworthiness.
Furthermore, even if it's true I am unfortunately unable to benefit from it, since Coinbase refuses to allow me to validate my credit card because it claims (falsely) that the billing address I am entering for the card is incorrect, and Coinbase support says there's nothing they can do about it.
@_date: 2016-09-13 20:11:14
Coincidentally, my Bitcoin finally showed up in my account, ten days after I placed the buy order and five days after my cash was debited from my bank account, shortly after I complained publicly about the delay here and on Twitter.
I complained to Coinbase about the delay and they sent back a response blaming the delay on the ACH network. This is what I wrote to them in response:












@_date: 2016-09-13 20:08:52
There are two misconceptions here.
1. You can do an instant buy with a credit card (with a fee that is more than double the fee for buying with a bank transfer). You can't do an instant buy with a bank transfer just because you have a "credit card on file." That is, having a credit card on file does not reduce the time it takes to do a buy with a bank transfer. Or, at least, if it does, that fact isn't documented anywhere on Coinbase's web site, nor have I ever been told that by any of their support people.
2. Kraken does bank transfers via SynapsePay in 1-2 days, so clearly it's not the government's fault that Coinbase's take 2-3 times as long, unless Kraken has somehow figured out a way to evade government restrictions that Coinbase is subject to, which seems unlikely.
@_date: 2016-09-12 17:18:09
Their web site claims that credit-card buys are instant but buys using a bank account take a week to clear.
I believe that one-week waiting period is new; in the past I was able to do buys with my bank account which cleared significantly faster than a week.
Even if we accept that it's necessary for them to delay bank-account buys by a week for some legitimate reason, there's no excuse for it to take ten days, and there's no excuse for them to delay a purchase for five days after the money is removed from the buyer's bank account, and there's no excuse for them to be uncommunicative about the delay.