@_author: jiltedjacket
@_date: 2015-12-30 04:26:35
Friendster.  Myspace.
@_date: 2015-12-30 20:49:04
Why do you keep repeating this nonsense?  The issue isn't higher fees (although that might eliminate bitcoin's value for microtransactions), but an overloaded mempool and indefinitely unconfirmed transactions.  We've also **already** had 12 hour periods with numerous full blocks that produced delayed confirmations.
The number of transactions increased by about 50% in the last 6 months.  If we get a similar increase in the first half of 2016, then do purely to variance we'll start running into a large percentage of full blocks and delayed transactions.  
Now *is* the time to cry wolf.  In 6 months it'll be too late.  We've seen how long it takes to get the community to accept any sort of change.  
@_date: 2015-12-29 04:45:47
This is simply wrong.  If a supermajority of miners and users forked to a form of bitcoin that better dealt with existing problems, you really think the remaining minority would stubbornly stick with the orphaned relic blockchain?  Why?  They would adopt the supermajority dominant blockchain out of self-interest.
Consider the US presidential election. Half the country want a democrat, and half wants a republican. But once the election happens, almost everyone accepts the new president as legitimate and near total consensus is achieved almost immediately. Most bitcoin users/miners are similar to most voters. We all have our preferences, but at the end of the day, we'll quickly get on board with whatever form bitcoin takes (as long as it's not too radically different.) If a supermajority of miners and users adopt a particular hard fork, the vast majority of the remainder will get on board almost immediately out of self-interest. Remember that the choice to maintain the status quo is also a choice...and an increasingly aggressive one as more and more blocks fill up.  
@_date: 2015-12-30 04:04:31
Cryptocurrency is like the internet, bitcoin is like skype.  If a particular piece of software is too slow to innovate, some new piece of software comes along to replace it.
@_date: 2015-12-29 06:26:21
How big is the average bitcoin transaction?  Are you saying the whole avenue of micro-transactions, and relatively small remittances should be abandoned as value propositions of bitcoin?  Also, you know a lot of wallet software doesn't make it easy for users to specify higher fees right?  So their transactions will just sit unconfirmed as they did a few months ago during the spam attack?
@_date: 2015-12-29 05:15:25
Definitely true.  But those distinctions didn't seem to be the argument.  Are people saying that if 75% of miners and users agree to a hard fork then it's fine, but the problem is that 75% of the hashing power might force a hard fork against the desires of the majority of users and miners?  
As far as I can tell, the push for a hard fork isn't coming from miners.
@_date: 2015-12-29 04:24:20
There seems to be strange confusion about the nature of consensus going around.  Consider the US presidential election.  Half the country want a democrat, and half wants a republican. But once the election happens, almost everyone accepts the new president as legitimate and near total consensus is achieved almost immediately.  Most bitcoin users/miners are similar to most voters.  We all have our preferences, but at the end of the day, we'll quickly get on board with whatever form bitcoin takes (as long as it's not too radically different.)  All of the current proposals are realistically very close to one another.  If a majority of miners and users adopt a particular hard fork, the vast majority of the remainder will get on board almost immediately out of self-interest.  Remember that the choice to maintain the status quo is also a choice...and an increasingly aggressive one as more and more blocks fill up.  
@_date: 2015-12-29 04:49:08
Maybe I am misunderstanding.  I thought a lot of people on this forum were arguing that a hard fork would be dangerous without achieving prior consensus, and that even a supermajority of 75%+ miners+users is not sufficient consensus to be confident there would not be an existential crisis for bitcoin.  What am I missing?
@_date: 2015-12-30 20:38:14
This is not correct..  If 90% of miners want something but users don't, you simply get a fork where the miners' blockchain loses all economic value.  To be even more specific, if miners hard fork but all of the exchanges don't accept the hard fork, the miners can't sell their coins.
@_date: 2015-12-30 17:58:47
No, the opposite.  99% of the infrastructure (hardware, software, brands, companies etc) can be almost instantly switched to another cryptocurrency.  For example, it'd be exceptionally easy for Bitpay to transition from facilitating payments via bitcoin to facilitating payments via a different cryptocurrency.  It'd be similarly easy for Coinbase, or 21 Inc to switch.  Many miners already switch back and forth between mining various cryptos depending on relative profitability. 
@_date: 2015-12-29 04:14:21
The time to get to work was 18 months ago, or 12 months ago, or 6 months ago.  Many of the last 20 blocks were at 900k+.  Bitcoin is nearing obsolescence and we're all to busy bickering to realize it.
@_date: 2015-12-29 04:34:31
There seems to be strange confusion about the nature of consensus going around. Consider the US presidential election. Half the country want a democrat, and half wants a republican. But once the election happens, almost everyone accepts the new president as legitimate and near total consensus is achieved almost immediately. Most bitcoin users/miners are similar to most voters. We all have our preferences, but at the end of the day, we'll quickly get on board with whatever form bitcoin takes (as long as it's not too radically different.) All of the current proposals are realistically very close to one another. If a majority of miners and users adopt a particular hard fork, the vast majority of the remainder will get on board almost immediately out of self-interest. Remember that the choice to maintain the status quo is also a choice...and an increasingly aggressive one as more and more blocks fill up.  