@_author: jim_changetip
@_date: 2014-08-10 22:56:22


For G+ and Youtube, we went through a few early iterations with alpha testers, some who were very privacy minded, and we settled on the minimum information that Google will give us in order for the ChangeTip service to work.  Users will be happy to know that this actually excludes the profile information you mentioned (specifically defined here: 
So Google will only give us an identifier (user name, typically the first part of your email) which is why Google alerts you when you connect, that ChangeTip will be able to identify you on G+ and Youtube:  
Though that's all the info we currently get, it is something, and we're glad that users are quite aware of what they're giving up in order for ChangeTip to work.  We want users making informed, healthy decisions and to have as much control of their information as possible.  All of us at ChangeTip have been on the other side, and don't like our info getting abused anymore than our users do.
Ha, contrast that with Imgur that I had to sign up to just now in order to share the above image.  They take the whole pie from you, lol:
Anyway, hope that helps clarify.  :)
@_date: 2014-11-07 19:58:43
Hey folks,
Yeah we had some challenges yesterday with the increase in reddit tipping.  So most (though not all) of tips did go through on youtube, though bot responses were hit or miss.  The last 12 hours have been much better, as we've increased the infrastructure specifically for the youtube and G+ channels.
Something else to consider and one of the main reasons we're still in beta, there are occasional instances of youtube comment ghosting, for tippers and the bot.  This hasn't happened too often, but Youtube's ghosting heuristics have been pretty contentious in the youtube community ever since G+ took over youtube comments.  It's something they're trying to make better, and it's something we're trying to work around.  
But you're right, we are still in very much a beta phase with that channel.  Sorry for any pain points and please (good or bad) continue to leave us feedback on that experience.  We're listening :)
@_date: 2014-10-21 16:54:16
Have you tried setting up "one large pepperoni and a two litter of coke" as a moniker? 
@_date: 2014-12-05 06:07:28
you can also leave tips for the author in comments, just like reddit.
@_date: 2014-10-21 16:35:11
I'm not the authority on that decision, but I can say that it's very likely we won't do a fee for alpha users doing payroll.  And in the log run that's not a real monetization strategy anyway.  Hence we keep pushing the darn thing out.  We know better ;)
@_date: 2014-11-22 04:53:48
I know, I know, I know.  This comment made me make the tip.me experience with buttons a bit better.  Initially the page was designed as a gateway to educate the masses on bitcoin, hence the encyclopedia following the tipping section.  
I can say there's a lot coming with button design, but I would stress this is a very small and easy offering, which is why everyone is doing it now. And we weren't the first either, just maybe the first to make it easy for mom and dad to understand  :)
Anyway, I made a quick change for you.  New and better stuff soon but it should be a bit faster with less to load. 
@_date: 2014-09-03 23:14:12
Hey friends,
Given some recent feedback regarding privacy concerns, we've made Tip.Me opt-in only.  So you'll have to activate it for it to work.  
If you've already created a custom tip.me url, then it's already activated.  If however you were using your default url, you'll need to activate it in order for your tip.me url to be reachable.  You can do this via your account settings page 
Your default url is still yours, no one can take it, even if it's not activated.  
Thanks for the feedback everyone.  We're trying hard to make this feature a great experience, so keep the feedback coming.
@_date: 2014-11-15 23:45:00
Including the video author (content creator)'s name isn't necessary.  A comment under a video will tip the author by default if only +Changetip is mentioned AND the video author has a connected g+ account.  Some author's don't have their g+ account connected, and unfortunately tip attempts to them won't succeed (at least for now).  Good news is that the vast majority of youtube authors have their g+ account connected.  
@_date: 2014-10-20 16:12:06
Yes, this is exactly what we built it for.  Tip content creators directly in comments - 
Just leave a comment on the youtube video, with an amount and mention +ChangeTip.  
Here's a video explaining it in-depth - 
And you can also have content creators create their own custom tip pages, like gapmunky.tip.me - 
Anyone with a bitcoin address or changetip wallet can go to an youtube author's tip.me page and send them btc.
@_date: 2014-08-10 22:26:50
Hey friends, engineer here who has done our initial youtube integration.  It's true that we have to play by youtube and g+'s rules and work through their api heuristics, which alert/delay-notify/occasionally-notify users based on proximity and prior relationship (circles, close to circles, public only, etc).  
I would suggest that if you're going to try and tip a youtube channel owner, that you do so in reply to a youtube video that they've posted, as opposed to a reply to a comment they leave on a video.  The former will guarantee that ChangeTip places the tip notification as a comment directly related to the youtube video, while the latter will place the tip notification as a comment in reply to some comment that the intended receiver has left on the video.  
While I can't speak from the data, users have suggested that the former tends to "youtube-notify" better than the latter.  So again, we're tied to what youtube let's us do.  And we're still learning more and more about youtube/g+'s behavior along with all our users.  We're continuing to make adjustments where youtube will allow us, in hopes that we can give a better experience for everyone.  So please continue to send us feedback.
@_date: 2014-10-09 19:08:20
Have $2 on me! @_date: 2014-11-10 17:45:33
Hi see if you can see your youtube comment from a logged out account - often Youtube/G+ ghost (hide) the message from normal users.  It's g+/yt's anti spam system, which is good, but it unfortunately has a bad reputation for flagging non spam.  
I say all this because we haven't seen your tip attempt yet on our servers, and when this happens it's almost always because youtube is blocking the user's comment.  
Sent you a private message for more info.  Sorry for the frustrations, and yeah, this is a big reason we're keeping it in beta at the moment :)
Btw, I'd love to get your feedback on this after we resolve it, the good/bad, etc. Thanks!
@_date: 2014-11-22 04:54:00
Tnx, and have 2 stogies on me for good feedback @_date: 2014-11-04 20:42:51
Thanks for the share! 
For more info on our widgets, check out  