@_author: jimfriendo
@_date: 2017-03-25 02:53:20
I disagree with the way BU handled the patch also.
But the degree of BU slander here is just getting ridiculous and it's discouraging people from having a reasoned discussion about the pros/cons of Core/BU.
At the moment, I'm still leaning BU. Particularly concerned about the term "UASF" as I think this is misleading. It is a Node Activated Soft Fork and this strikes me as insecure - considering how easy it is to spin up nodes to pass a vote in the short term. Is anyone able to explain this to me? Are my concerns here valid?
@_date: 2017-03-20 05:13:05
People are dealing with it. And people have found answers.
Core's answer to solving the scaling issue and tx malleability is SegWit. Some people think this is the best way forward and some others disagree.
BU's answer is a market-determined blocksize and, down the line, perhaps FlexTrans to solve malleability. Again, some people think this is the best way forward and some others disagree.
Personally, I think SegWit before a Blocksize increase is/was a mistake. Blocksize should have been raised a long time ago and Core's insistence that the eco-system is running fine and that the tx-capacity increase which SegWit brings is sufficient is not satisfactory to me. Furthermore, that they prioritised SegWit over a well-overdue block increase makes me question their market-savvy.
Even with Lightning Network, we still need to store transactions on/off the Lightning Network. I don't think the tx-increase SegWit brings is nearly enough.
Though BU has been accused of being "tyrannic", I actually feel they are far less so than Core has been.
@_date: 2017-03-21 05:04:09
"I never said "current" Bitcoin."
This is exactly the point of BU. Even with SegWit, it still does not provide adequate tx capacity increase to cater to transacting on/off the Lightning Network in the event of increased adoption. And given Core's reluctance to increase the blocksize in the past, many do not trust that they will do so sensibly in the future. IMO, blocksize should've been increased a long time ago.
Thus, BU gives this decision to the miners themselves - who wish to maximise their profits. If utility and adoption largely determine Bitcoin's value, then it is in their interest to ensure that it will scale. For this reason, I believe BU will eventually solve transaction malleability which will permit the Lightning Network (perhaps through FlexTrans).
I honestly cannot grasp why people here are so against BU. Anyone care to explain what the problem is here, because as each criticism gets dismantled, the next criticism presented starts to appear more and more ludicrous.
@_date: 2017-03-24 08:24:43
Luke, ignoring your "widespread agreement" assumption (which is very debatable), it is not really the "duty" of miners to do this. Put simply, Miners act according to their economic interests. And around ~40% of the mining power at the moment do not feel that SegWit is in their best interest. If you think players within Bitcoin should do things because it is their "duty" you should probably move to develop on a coin that operates on trust and good-will. Miners are kept honest through the economic incentive of being honest (i.e. Bitcoin value rises).
Now, as to why the miners might block SegWit, there is the possibility that it is because it might cut into their tx-fee profit. But, if Bitcoin were to gain mainstream traction, I think the increase in value would offset this personally (happy to be proven wrong). Another possibility is that many miners are frustrated with Core's reluctance to up the blocksize previously and do not feel the tx capacity increase offered by SegWit is enough.  I can partially sympathise with this. I think it would have been more sensible to attempt to solve the blocksize issue before activating SegWit as it is quite a controversial change.
@_date: 2017-03-25 14:15:41
First off, I'd like to clarify that I'm not necessary against SegWit (but in saying that I haven't studied that code). Frankly I would have liked it as I think something akin to the Lightning Network will definitely be needed in future in order to scale Bitcoin for mass adoption.
That said, Bitcoin has always been secured by miners - and they are meant to act according to their economic interests. And it is in their best interest that Bitcoin value rises (in my opinion, if Bitcoin reaches mass-adoption, then the profit they will make off mining itself would largely outweigh their losses caused by inability to collect second-layer tx-fees). So, personally I don't think BU miners are being malicious here. I just don't think they believe Core's scaling road map is adequate. 
There are two main components to this:
1. A working Lightning Network is not presently available (or currently supported by any stable Wallet AFAIK).
2. Even with the Lightning Network, we still need to transact on and off it through the main chain. IMO, the tx-capacity increase that would land with SegWit is still nowhere near adequate in the case of greater BTC adoptance.
Fundamentally, Emergent Concensus takes control of the Blocksize away from the Core Development team and places it into the hands of the miners.  There is a reason why this might be desirable - Core have been very reluctant to raise the Blocksize historically. And the justifications for this have not been very satisfying imo. Luke-jr even proposed lowering it to ~600KB recently and having a fixed inflation rate (which was nowhere near adequate in the case of increased adoption - even with LN). That particular proposal, along with some of Luke and Greg's other comments, make me incredibly distrusting of Core's vision for Bitcoin.
Now we have the term UASF - which, unless I've misunderstood something, is very misleading. A more appropriate title I think would be "Node Activated Soft Fork" - which I think is INCREDIBLY dangerous. Reason being that it is relatively cheap to spin up, say, 1000 nodes on a service like AWS that could give the illusion of "user" support for SegWit - or any other SF.
I would have liked BU to undergo a lot more testing, but there might not be time for that right now unfortunately. I think it's very possible bugs will pop-up and, if it does happen, my hope is that BU team are prompt to fix them. No dev team is perfect and they do appear to be learning and adapting each time something does happen.
Ultimately though I am starting to think that the people here have been very very mislead.
@_date: 2017-08-03 03:08:56
The calibre of discussion on this sub is getting worse and worse as time goes on.
@_date: 2017-08-06 12:54:57
Have you written this under the assumption that no one in the Bitcoin Cash camp would like a LII solution at all?
Their justification for a larger block size is actually not that unreasonable:
1. LII solutions don't yet exist in a practical sense (If they're waiting on Bitcoin to get Segwit, they could have implemented on Litecoin in the meantime).
2. Even with LII, you still need to transact on and off it via the mainchain.
@_date: 2017-08-19 16:48:38
Travis, why don't you explain exactly, in simple terms, why the 2X portion of Segwit2X is bad?
I've read some of the links Maxwell has given and, frankly, a lot of it seems like pussyfooting around an actual explanation. Some of the "academic" articles I've read suggest that nodes will drop off. I disagree with this. The more utility and value Bitcoin has, the more vested interest there is in supporting the network (by both corporate and private parties), particularly if it starts scaling towards mass adoption. Those on low-bandwidth connections really shouldn't be attempting to run a full-node, so I think that argument is moot. 2MB is a very mild compromise and, in my opinion, Core are being unreasonable in rejecting it.
There are only two real issues I can see with the 2X hardfork currently. The first is a that it requires Bitcoin Nodes to upgrade to follow the new concensus rules. The second is the precedent it sets.
Now, considering that Bitcoin blocks have been maxed out for some time now - and that to transfer on/off Lightning Network, you have to go through the mainchain anyway - why wouldn't a 2MB blocksize be desired? Will we not need an increase down the line anyway? Why not do it now to alleviate the over-crowding of blocks seen currently?
@_date: 2017-08-20 01:10:37
Travis, there was originally no blocksize cap on Bitcoin. It was later introduced as a spam-preventative measure with the intention of being increased.
But, ignoring that, Bitcoin is already in political turmoil and Core's reluctance in accepting the mild 2MB blocksize increase is simply making matters worse.
@_date: 2017-08-26 02:02:41
Have you considered that perhaps Bitcoin Core are the ones who are subverted? If you understand Bitcoin tech and could give me a simple explanation as why the Blocksize should not be doubled, I'd be happy to take it onboard.
As is, I haven't been given anything except some links by Greg where he seems to have avoided stating the issues directly, but instead mostly cites what almost seem to be "unknowns" - with the conviction that a 2MB blocksize is dangerous.
If you don't understand Bitcoin Tech, it might be worth doing some reading on the topic so that you can come to your own conclusion.
@_date: 2017-08-08 03:40:50
I've done my research and I cannot see why 2MB would ever be a problem.
There have been numerous times in the past few months where blocks are full and transaction have cost over $1USD (even with one input and only two outputs).
We can say that this is due to spam attacks - and that's fine - but the fact of the matter is that these spam attacks are making it expensive to transact on the Bitcoin network, thus negating its usefulness.
One of the arguments (and these keep shifting, it seems) I've heard from Luke Jr, was based on the fact that those situated in poorer countries would not be able to afford to run a node if the blocksize was increased (power/internet bandwidth/storage space costs). In my opinion, this is now a very bad argument as these same people probably cannot even afford to transact on the BTC network.
I've taken the time to reply here reasonably and rationally, you could at least do the same. Responses like your's drive people away from Bitcoin (and to alternatives like Bitcoin Cash) because you're unwilling to have a reasoned discussion based on technical merit.
@_date: 2017-08-08 01:25:06
Has Luke actually technically refuted a 2MB blocksize?
I seriously am starting to question whether Greg/Luke (Luke more so as I am not sure on Greg's opinion on 2MB) are actually malicious actors in the Bitcoin scene.
Most of what I see on this sub just appears to be slander. Can someone explain to me the technical reasons why a 2MB fork is problematic. I've heard bandwidth/space requirements cited as the problem, but if that's the only counter-argument, I think that it's a moot point.
I want LN, but we will need to transact on and off it through the main chain - meaning a blocksize increase will be needed. Can someone explain what I'm missing?
@_date: 2017-08-09 14:28:47
The onus is also on Lightning Devs to actually demonstrate a workable, user-friendly and scalable (important) implementation of the LN.
If that doesn't come by November, I'd opt for the 2X aspect of the hard fork. This doesn't hurt Bitcoin long term - transactions on/off Lightning still need to occur through the main chain, so it alleviates the current congestion on the network and permits further growth in future when/if Lightning works as expected.
@_date: 2017-08-08 02:49:14
Want to actually address my question mate?
@_date: 2017-08-23 00:16:36
No one owns the name "Bitcoin". If someone did own it, it wouldn't be very decentralised now, would it?
Have you looked at the arguments presented by "the other side"? They're probably not as unreasonable as you have been led to believe.
Frankly, I still cannot work out why Core is so opposed to a blocksize increase. If anything, keeping the blocksize 1MB is detrimental to the utility of Bitcoin (high fees - and even with LN, high fees to transact on/off).
The fact that so few here are willing to present logical arguments against it makes me suspect that either they don't understand how Bitcoin works or they're serving a paid agenda.
@_date: 2017-08-21 11:04:33
Shouldn't the parties wishing to send transactions probably just use an SPV wallet or third party? As an argument against this, I suspect that people might say that's insecure. But, isn't this satellite alternative essentially placing all trust into a single node (i.e. the satellite itself?)
I like this conceptually, but I think it's kind of pointless if the data is not two-way.
@_date: 2017-08-09 12:15:18
The argument I heard against 2MB blocks from Greg last time (I asked him on IRC) was that it would open Bitcoin up to Quadratic Hashing attacks, meaning block validation could potentially take longer than block propagation itself.
However, that's easily mitigated by capping the max-allowed size of a single transaction (which has minimal impact on 99.9% of Bitcoin's use cases).
Instead of trying to deflect me everywhere else, why don't you just give me your technical explanation as to why YOU think a 2MB blocksize is dangerous? Considering how heavily opinionated you are about it here, I'm sure you're capable.
@_date: 2017-08-26 04:57:33
I just read the Medium article. Now the problem cited there seems primarily to hinge on the fact that it causes "incompatibility" with nodes that do not support it. This might be true - but think about the current situation:
If Core put their support (both in Software and Politically) behind 2X, you would, at least, have more concensus on which protocol is "official". As it stands, right now, you have a lot of people who want the blocksize increased. If Core shifted their support and propaganda over to 2X, would this not cause a lot of the node operators to shift also? If they don't shift, you're going to end up, in all probability, with a fork. Some 2X, some without.
It has been planned. Nodes still have time to update. Some might get left behind, but this is a cost that's probably worth bearing if it increases the tx capacity of Bitcoin (and lowers fees to palatable levels).
For those arguing on the "bandwidth" front, frankly if your connection cannot handle 2MB blocks, you probably shouldn't be running a full-node. If Bitcoin adoption increases and usage by business increases, the drop-offs in node count will probably be compensated (I suspect, easily) by those with a vested interest in ensuring the utility and safety of the currency.
As it stands, Bitcoin's adoption is being deeply hampered by its limited transaction capacity. Lightning Network isn't yet available to remedy this. It might be some time until it is. Why not increase the blocksize limit now, with this planned fork, and alleviate some of the tx issues now?
This fork is scheduled for November. If node operators are unable to update their node software by that time, then I'd question their level of enthusiasm about Bitcoin itself.
@_date: 2017-08-26 01:52:11
Alright, we'll try a different approach here.
At present (using stats from Bitcoin21), the average fee is around $4USD. This is already quite a bit more than what one would pay for a transaction using the more traditional payment services (for goods of a value less than $100 - these usually seem to be calculated based on a percentage of the total of goods/services purchased).
If we assume present loads, and shift the blocksize back to 600KB, this will increase the fee more. We'll put this figure close to $6USD for convenience. Now, if Bitcoin adoption and usage increases, the fee will rise further still.
Do you not see this increase in tx fees affecting the utility of Bitcoin? I understand that we have things like Lightning Network on their way (hopefully), but even a $6USD fee is still quite a lot to pay to transact on/off the Lightning Network.
I've never understood the "Bitcoin Network cannot handle 2MB blocks" argument as other blockchains appear to have no problem here and increasing the Blocksize would alleviate some of the high tx fees we're seeing at present, while allowing more room for Bitcoin growth in future (we will eventually need to increase the blocksize anyway).
@_date: 2017-08-09 06:12:15


Actually, I'm not really talking about what's restricting "me" at all. I'm just curious as to which "laws of physics" are restricting Luke and co from increasing the blocksize as you still haven't given me any.


Again, a detraction.


I understand how Bitcoin works and am willing to discuss the technical merits/consequences of a blocksize increase. Your responses so far have been the exact thing I called out in my original reply. If you are a sockpuppet, then you are a bad one and doing Core team absolutely zero favours.
@_date: 2017-08-16 12:14:51
Admittedly, my definition of third-world may've been too lax.
Now, as you're middle-class, I'm going to assume that you earn an average income where you are. I'm also going by the assumption that the figures above are in USD. Under some classifications, $1500*12=$18000 would be considered quite high income, so I'm curious as to which country you actually live in.
The Third-World countries that I was referring to were more in line with the ones mentioned here:
... in which case, $1 per Tx isn't feasible for most.
As a second question, I'd like to ask if you're running a full-node? And if so, do you really think you should be running a full node given how your bandwidth is heavily restricted? In your case, would it not be better for a blocksize increase (I'm not opposed to Segwit btw, just cannot understand why a 2MB blocksize is being so deeply opposed on this sub) so that your tx fees go even lower than they currently are?
Note: Maxwell has replied to me on another sub, citing lengthy third party sources as to why a 2MB blocksize is dangerous which, admittedly, I've yet to read in full, but am not yet convinced. Your use case and situation seems to be an edge case and although it may leave you in the unfortunate position of having to rely on a 3rd party service (or node) to relay your transactions, I think the pros of cheaper transaction fees (and more overall space for transactions on the Bitcoin Network) far outweigh the cons.
Note  I am also looking forward to Lightning Network. But my fear is that even with the extra tx capacity, the network will still become congested too quickly as Bitcoin starts to gain adoption by major players. We still need to transact on/off lightning via the mainchain.
@_date: 2017-08-25 08:21:28
If we did this, what do you imagine the necessary fee to get your transaction included in a block would be, assuming present loads (we'll ignore growth potential for now)?
Following up, do you think most people would be willing to pay this fee?
@_date: 2017-08-21 07:02:01
+1 for wanting 2X.
@_date: 2017-08-16 03:49:21
At the moment, I doubt most in the third world would even be able to afford Bitcoin's tx fees.
@_date: 2016-11-28 23:06:17
He could easily provide Proof-Of-Life and then all of this speculation and worry would be over.
@_date: 2016-12-21 09:16:51
Would it be a better idea to encourage sending any crypto accepted by Jaxx wallet (or another - Jaxx is very buggy on my phone) instead of just Bitcoin? If the intention is to replace cash, then I doubt that Bitcoin will be able to handle the transaction capacity required without fairly hefty fees.
(For the record, this is why I and many others supported increasing the Blocksize prior to Segwit - so that in crisis or mass adoption Bitcoin would be more apt at handling the influx of users.)
Anyway, I've a little LTC that I can throw their way. A good scheme might be for them to post a photo holding up a sign with desired currency and address. This way, we know that they're actually Venezuelans and not scammers taking advantage.
@_date: 2017-08-09 11:11:00
You still haven't even attempted an explanation of why a 2MB blocksize is dangerous.
Yet, you've written so much! Much more than you probably would've had you just responded to the actual question initially.
@_date: 2017-11-12 00:46:22
That's how you spot a shill.
They take completely reasonable comments and try to use ad hominem to make them look ridiculous.
@_date: 2017-11-24 04:49:38


Being objective, didn't BCH pretty much double in value over a 2-3 week period? I don't think the investors lost out.
@_date: 2017-11-08 23:15:51


This was definitely not the case only a few months ago.
@_date: 2017-11-23 08:55:21
Did you read why it was reported as having high fees? It was a transaction that had a ~$5000 fee attached to it, making the average look high. BCH still has a far lower fee than BTC.
@_date: 2017-04-02 08:21:32
Amir Taaki would make a pretty good dictator.
@_date: 2016-09-23 02:25:01
I'd think these "plans" would be better called "options". A plan implies that something is going ahead. At present, there is (so far as I know) no solid plan to increase the blocksize - just speculation on various scaling options.
I'm invested in Bitcoin and still maintain that the Blocksize should've been increased prior to SegWit. I've yet to see a (justifiable) technical argument against the increase in blocksize* and if there is one, I'd recommend this subreddit's mods create a stickied thread for it to quieten the discontent the blocksize argument has caused.
* In my opinion, the centralization argument is not all that valid considering that Mining is already largely centered in China. Computing resources and bandwidth required to run a full-node would also not be severely affected (if someone can correct me here, please do, and perhaps request a stickied thread explaining this), so I do not consider this a valid reason either.
@_date: 2016-09-20 22:56:57
Bitcoin let itself down by not increasing the blocksize while we wait for SegWit and Lightning to land.
Even once Lightning lands, there is still no plan to increase Blocksize (asides from the "increase" as a consequence of SegWit), which means that transacting On/Off the Lightning Network will probably still be limited in the event of mass adoption.
The Blocksize WILL need to increase if Bitcoin is to see mainstream adoption from medium to big services. If they were to integrate Bitcoin now, it would almost certainly jam the network.
@_date: 2016-09-21 05:14:38
I actually believed Core was doing the right thing keeping the blocksize at 1MB before I did my own homework. I used to even criticize the people that wanted larger (I apologize in retrospect).
Now I can't see any technical reason why the Blocksize is being limited to 1MB. A mild increase to 2MB (or even higher) would've been fine.
@_date: 2016-09-23 02:14:16
The reason for """scare quotes""" (using three quotes this time to differentiate scare quotes from actual quotes) was to point out that it is not a blocksize increase, but an increase in the number of transactions that can be "fit" into a block (last set of quotations are used for emphasize. No fear intended.) This increase, as I understand it, only occurs provided that Wallet Clients start using SegWit-styled transactions. Please correct me if I am wrong here.
@_date: 2016-09-19 09:51:18
Blocksize should've been raised ages ago to allow for some scalability while we wait for SegWit and Lightning.
When Lightning kicks off, the extra blockspace will be necessary to transact on/off LN anyway.
Core are either malicious or very naive in this regard.
@_date: 2017-09-29 04:53:42


I don't think that's a fair critique. Long term, even with Lightning Network, will an increase in Blocksize not be required? Why not do this now?
I was in an IRC room a while ago with Maxwell and his main argument against blocksize increase appeared to be:
1. Hard fork required
2. Node counts
He gave stats (I haven't verified) indicating that Node count will reduce dramatically if the blocksize is increased. While that might be a historical trend, I don't think it's as linear as he's making it out to be. If there were insufficient nodes on the network (and Bitcoin's value increased dramatically due to higher tx throughput), individuals would respond by running nodes to protect the security of the network and thus their investment.
I should state here that I disagree with quite a few of the Core devs in that I think it's completely unreasonable to expect EVERYONE to run a node. I don't want the blocksize to be increased to the point where it becomes infeasible for any individual to run nodes without forking out $1000's, but I don't think a 2MB blocksize would even nearly lock most people out.
@_date: 2017-09-29 05:22:26


I apologize if this appears to be nitpicking, but just want to stress the point that the protocol itself is more important than Core's code specifically.


"Trust" is what we're trying to avoid here. People trusted that their Government would do the best thing by them and were the most competent ones to make decisions also. Then we ended up with the Federal Reserve.
Bitcoin, in my opinion, could stand to throw conventional banking into obsolescence, thus it's threatening what is probably one of the biggest industries in the world (who have a rather insidious history). Thinking from an adversarial viewpoint, it'd be in their interest to limit its utility by subverting the developers of that system. Microsoft has done the same thing to its competitors (Adopt, Expand, Extinguish), I don't think it's unfeasible that this could be the case with Blockstream (who seem to have a large degree of influence over the Core implementation). I want to stress that I'm not saying this is the case, but I do think it's something worth considering.
From a protocol point of view, Bitcoin is not really that complex. In fact, Satoshi's description of it was very simple so I don't think comprehending it is as out of reach as you insinuate it to be.
What I would like to see on this sub is a sticky explaining the dangers of a blocksize increase succinctly so that those on the other sub can understand why Core is making the decisions that it is. At the moment, I actually find the points presented by the other sub more persuasive.
@_date: 2017-09-29 06:11:47
Not all of them there do. Quite a few would just like a blocksize increase.
Those that do hate S2X are usually Anti-segwit though, yes.
@_date: 2017-09-30 11:50:20
If this is the reason why you are against Segwit2X, why not just advocate for the Core Team to implement the 2X, thus negating the need for anyone to run BTC1 - which also negates the alleged "control" problem (Core remains the reference implementation)?
@_date: 2017-09-29 03:21:08
Have you considered the possibility that this is precisely what Core are doing at the moment?
@_date: 2017-09-29 06:10:35


I strongly disagree with this. Core should be considered an implementation. A description of a protocol should not include a Qt GUI interface for example.




I am a programmer and am trying to contribute to the field here by working on a Qt/QML based multi-wallet. So am not coming from a place of complete naivety. I do have a rudimentary understanding of how Blockchains function on a programmatic level and that's why I cannot understand Core's reluctance to follow through with the NYA. This is also why I'd like a succinct stickied description of the problems that might occur with a mild blocksize increase. Many of us work day jobs so do not have time to read or sift through mailing lists. Think of this as akin to a summary you might hand to a senior developer who is supervising a project (but not working on it directly). He understands it conceptually but does not need the specific implementation details (code).


I'm not a proponent of putting everything on chain. But I would still like to see the chain be usable without high fees. My point around the Lightning Network has historically been that to transfer on/off it, you still need to go through the mainchain and I'm skeptical that a 1MB blocksize could handle this long-term. The benefit of a 2MB blocksize is that it alleviates some of the strain we're seeing short-term and also allows for extra tx throughput (with lower fees) in future.


Please try to keep this technical.
@_date: 2017-09-29 06:28:41


I actually think this was Bitcoin's original intention (as per Satoshi's paper).


I want all these things also, but I'm not convinced of their feasibility with a 1MB blocksize. Perhaps I am missing something here - but do you think a 1MB blocksize (and the extra room permitted by Segwit) will be enough to permit most people to affordably transfer on/off a LII in the event of mass adoption? If so, can you please explain how.


I hold and support both. My concern with BTC is that I don't want to see its utility crippled.
@_date: 2017-10-07 06:18:37


It doubles the on-chain transaction throughput of the Bitcoin network. This will be needed eventually. I actually think it'd be far more peaceful for Core to concede here. What exactly is the damage caused by 2X?
@_date: 2017-10-04 22:36:12
I see trash in both subs. But prefer because I find that they are willing to give technical justifications for their opinions.
I do not understand why people here are so anti (or bigger blocks for that matter). Cannot tell if there's a technical reason that I've missed or propaganda.
There was a good post here yesterday that mentioned the UTXO set being the reason that the blocksize must remain small. This is probably the only reasonable justification I've heard, but have not had time to verify that it is correct (or that it would be problematic).
@_date: 2017-10-28 13:35:06
Does doing this not have the same problems as Segwit2X?
1. Contentious
2. Hard Fork
A cure worse than the "disease".
@_date: 2017-10-05 02:35:34
I understand how Bitcoin works pre-Segwit and, based on that, do not understand what the problem with 2X is. Admittedly, I am not all that familiar with how Segwit is designed, vague overview aside.
Want to give me a succinct run down on what the technical issues are (without mentioning terms like "contentious hardforks") with 2X? What I'm essentially after are reasons why the network would be incapable of sustaining the load associated with 2X as I'm just not seeing it at present. If your concerns are centralization, please elaborate on how exactly you believe 2X will make the network centralized as I still think running 2X nodes would be well within the range of most consumers who are able to afford to transact in Bitcoin.
Just as a disclaimer, I don't think it should be the objective that everyone runs a full-node. I think this is incredibly unreasonable to expect. I'm not sure if emphasis can be added on Reddit, but please make note of this "I still think running 2X nodes would be well within the range of most consumers WHO ARE ABLE TO AFFORD TO TRANSACT IN BITCOIN" as to me, this is key.
@_date: 2017-10-05 07:38:15




Mate. Come on. Why wouldn't you just rebutt here directly? This is what's making me increasingly dubious about this sub. So many questions get responded to with a "look elsewhere" when it should be pretty easy to summarize right here.
@_date: 2017-10-08 04:03:21
Thank you for your honest answer. I do actually appreciate it and can see the precedent that you are concerned about (but am not yet sure I agree with it).
I really would like to see LII's on Bitcoin and other tech that makes it more efficient. But I do not entirely trust Core's governance either, as I think they've been less than open about what their concerns were for some time now. Their justifications have kept shifting over time and I still think veto'ing this increase is just causing more damage to the Bitcoin community.
I will think about what you've said and consider it though.
@_date: 2017-10-05 03:45:42


Because if fees aren't lowered, they'll be the only ones able to use the Bitcoin network in the first place.


I think this is economically unsound. With increased utility comes increased value. The stakeholders (holders of Bitcoin) then have an incentive to ensure the functionality/security of the network. 
You haven't really answered my question anyway. What I'd like to know is why 2X would make it infeasible for many to run nodes - from a technical POV (bandwidth concerns, storage concerns, etc). For example, do you not believe that most nodes would be capable of propagating 2MB blocks quick enough?
@_date: 2017-10-02 08:26:05
I don't know if this is the case. On the other sub, I've actually seen many Bitcoin Cash supporters who do not want 2X to succeed because at that point, Bitcoin Cash loses some of its edge as being able to handle more tx throughput.
I think Bitcoin Cash is largely banking on the fact that Bitcoin's utility is limited due to its constrained blocksize.
@_date: 2017-10-08 04:09:07


I would agree, but those scaling techniques that you are talking about still seem a long way off. At the moment, I am not opposed to 2X as I think it gives a bit more space for Bitcoin adoption to grow while we wait for the other tech to become available.
I do appreciate yours and mustbemoney's responses though as the other people who I've asked have given me reasons that I cannot find substantive justifications for.
The precedent it sets for gigantic blocks in future is possibly a valid concern, but I am not yet convinced against 2X on these grounds. I'll have to think on it.
@_date: 2017-10-04 22:38:44
I think this is most accurate. Many on are anti-segwit, but still in favour of a Layer II. They just think that we should scale onchain until a functional LII is developed.
@_date: 2017-10-02 08:21:23
If they allow you to withdraw your S1X coins, would this not be sufficient legal protection?
I think whichever version of Bitcoin has the most mining power behind it will probably be crowned "Bitcoin", which is as per Satoshi's original specification, I believe.
Personally, I'm still an advocate for S2X. I'd like to see blocksize increased as I think it'll compliment Lightning Network by making transacting on/off it cheaper and allow more tx throughput (at cheaper fees) for tx's that should not be done on LN. Will also lessen the fees while we wait for Lightning Network development to complete and become stable (this seems to still be a while away).
@_date: 2017-10-02 02:25:26
Adam, do you not think that what you've written above regarding centralization holds true for the Core Development team also? Core's two most vocal proponents work for Blockstreams (Maxwell and Luke) and Blockstream have received several million in investment from banking firms.
Ignoring the other things you've mentioned there for a moment (rushed-time period, lack of testing, etc) as I think these arose as a consequence of Core treating 2MB as a "dangling carrot" for almost two years, can you explain why you think 2MB will lead to centralization? Is this a concern with node counts or a concern with development efforts?
I can understand people's concerns with node counts, but I don't think this can be extrapolated linearly as is being done to justify keeping the blocks at 1MB. Increased utility leads to increased value. This means that stakeholders will run nodes IF node counts start threatening the security of the network. It's a dynamic, responsive system.
I'd like to clarify here that I'm not a "big blocker" - I would still like most people to have the capability to run a node (but think it's incredibly unrealistic to think everyone should run a node). I also would like to see LII solutions - but I don't think the network's utility should be crippled with a small blocksize while we wait for these to be developed.
@_date: 2017-09-29 04:54:22
That's why there's "another sub" with 65,000 subscribers, I guess.
@_date: 2017-05-18 14:25:28


Maaaatttteeee.... only rich people can afford to use Bitcoin right now as is. Also, with increased utility comes increased adoption. So stating that it will "clearly reduce the amount of nodes" is near the level of logical retardation I usually attribute to the feminist base. I'd wager that as utility increases and adoption increases, so will the node-count. More stakeholders with an interest in the security of the network.
@_date: 2016-10-03 21:50:26
Citing high centralization is not a valid concern imo.
Most of the mining is already situated in China and a modest increase to the blocksize likely would not affect those wishing to run a home node. Most consumer grade hardware could easily run a 2-8mb Node.
@_date: 2017-05-20 04:43:42
We will need a blocksize increase eventually (I actually think this should have been done long ago). As you said - we still need to use the chain in order to transact on/off the Lightning Network. The extra space SegWit enables won't cater in the case of mass adoption.
Either way, happy that there might be some progress incoming.
@_date: 2017-05-07 01:05:48
I actually am still not a fan of how Core's running things and think the Blocksize should've been prioritized over SegWit. But, frankly, I'd take anything over the stalemate Bitcoin is currently in (and am not actually opposed to SegWit).
@_date: 2017-05-23 23:01:11
I agree with you completely.
@_date: 2017-05-15 03:04:12
In BU's defense, Core could've compromised too. Blocksize has been a problem for a long time and should've been prioritized over SegWit imo.
In any case, I now just want Bitcoin to move forward and I don't mind how it happens. My trust in Jihan Wu is now gone (feel free to school me if I've been misinformed but Antminer Backdoor + ASICBoost did it for me) and I think SegWit now needs to be forced.
@_date: 2017-06-16 00:22:57
... or are shills interested in maintaining the dominance of the Core Team's influence. The amount of hostility here towards Segwit2X is unreal. There is nothing wrong with an increase to the blocksize and it should have, in fact, been done quite some time ago (before Segwit). The problem was with Bitmain's reluctance to signal its activation without giving adequate justification. Remember - transactions on/off the Lightning Network still need to go through the main chain.
@_date: 2017-07-16 07:35:47


Thank you for this. I don't understand how so many people here can object so strongly to something (2MB blocks) that, at this point, is an utter necessity. Core made a very poor decision in not doing this themselves in the first place and have lost the trust of many Bitcoiners because of it. If common-sense has to force Core's hand, then so be it.
Disclaimer: I'm not a "big blocker" as such and nor am I anti-segwit - just recognize that in order to transact on/off the Lightning Network, we still need to do it via the mainchain - and 1MB isn't even nearly enough to accommodate this if Bitcoin continues to grow at its current rate.
@_date: 2017-06-08 09:46:29
Bigger blocks + SegWit would benefit both parties.
Now it's just a stupidly stubborn fight with extremists on both sides arguing over which should occur first.
@_date: 2017-06-05 05:10:08


Sorry, "safer" was not the best word choice as it's quite ambiguous in this context. What I meant was that I consider it "safer" in the long-term interest of Bitcoin as, in my opinion, the blocksize definitely does need increasing and we are best to get this underway now as I do not trust that some of the more influential in the Core camp (e.g. Maxwell, Luke) will support it in future.
Obviously, I like some of the work that Core Team have done on Bitcoin and am not slandering those that have contributed to the code-base. But I've watched Maxwell shift his justification for NOT raising the blocksize quite a few times in the past two years and do not at all trust his judgement (or at worst, intent) any more.
As I read it in a satirical Tweet a few days ago:
"It is absolutely imperative that the people who can no longer afford a single transaction can still afford to run a node"
I want SegWit. But I acknowledge that the Blocksize must be increased (and really should've been done pre-SegWit). As it stands, I'll take any progress over the current stalemate.
@_date: 2017-06-04 02:38:53


So will UASF. The only problem with Segwit2X is that it might be a stalling tactic. However, given Core's past behaviour and total unwillingness to compromise on a higher block-size, I tend to regard Segwit2X as the safer solution.
Remember, even with SegWit, you still need to transact on/off the Lightning Network via the Blockchain. 1MB blocks are no-where near enough for this and the more we delay even a moderate increase to give us a bit of headroom, the more useless Bitcoin becomes as a cryptocurrency (for those that can't afford $2-$3 fee/tx).