@_author: jimgordonfortroy
@_date: 2015-07-07 18:43:18
While I haven't read the complete BitLicense document, from what I understand on the surface a unilateral decision was made to regulate an industry without a complete understanding how it would effect those conducting business within it. I believe certain levels of regulation are a necessity, but should not be done without inclusion of the state legislature, input of industry professionals, and a complete understanding of what you regulating.
@_date: 2015-07-08 02:06:46
Hey, thanks for the question. I agree, I enjoy visiting places and experiencing the street food/ food truck atmosphere. We currently have limited as you mention but as we continue to develop as a downtown and vendors can justify their investment I would definitely be supportive of this. One aspect I really like is nearly every eatery offers outdoor sidewalk seating, this, along with street food vendors creates an ambiance of excitement and is a unique feature that really only Troy can offer.
@_date: 2015-07-07 18:53:50
May be a distant relative, but I get that all the time.
@_date: 2015-07-07 18:38:16
As you mentioned, where the current administration has gone astray is proper investment in our neighborhoods. While our downtown is humming, we need to shift focus to our residential areas of our city. As I have advocated strongly and worked with National Grid who is investing several millions of dollars in infrastructure and improvements in Lansingburgh the use of CDBG money for the next two and half years will be invested in numerous projects - we need to support these initiatives with a real economic development plan. My administrations focus will be supporting and rebuilding our communities and the quality of life issues that exist while supporting the continued rebirth of our downtown   
@_date: 2015-07-07 19:03:55
The plan isnt stalled, actually is moving along. CDTA is awaiting final word on some federal funding for the project. If you view my twitter page  I have a series of tweets and photos from the public forum I hosted in Lansingburgh in March. The Bus Plus line will run from Waterford, through Lansingburgh on 2nd Ave to Downtown Troy and then eventually terminating in Downtown Albany. But what also needs to be addressed but through a regional approach is the taxi car industry... much is to be desired here but should include those from all three cities from within the Capital Region.
@_date: 2015-07-07 18:46:01
As a payment system, it offers municipality and the user a no cost option to pay for things such as taxes, other municipal bills, and fines. The biggest opportunity is it allows a segment of our population that utilizes a cutting edge technology to go about their daily business and as a government if we can meet the needs of our resident without burdening them or ourselves with added costs then we should do it. 
@_date: 2015-07-08 02:25:39
Thank you! we will continue to spread our message and connect with Troy residents until November!
@_date: 2015-07-07 18:53:09
Yes, I've already been advocating merchants to accept bitcoin as a method of payment.
@_date: 2015-07-08 02:56:54
Additionally, if you have specific pot hole or crime issues please email them to me at gordon
@_date: 2015-07-07 19:15:19
Those are the parties i have been endorsed by - Republican, Conservative, and Independence.
@_date: 2015-07-07 18:57:39
I believe from what I've been reading that bitcoin and the blockchain technology can provide financial services to developing countries that are cash-based societies. As for my city, merchants can save on fees compared to credit card companies and help protect them against identity theft and fraud. 
@_date: 2015-07-07 18:29:47
My website is currently being developed. We hope to go live in the next week or two - jimgordon2015.com and we will have a "Donate Bitcoin" button on the front!
@_date: 2015-07-08 02:39:38
Welcome, this is my first time utilizing Reddit as well! The best way to learn about bitcoin is to visit the following websites, but in simple terms it is an electronic payment system: here are the sites: 
For the two other questions... what we have experienced has been a systematic breakdown of our city government due to lack of initiative of the current administration. What people normally care about are the simple things like taxes and what they see looking out their window and traveling to and from work. We have gotten away for proactive administration of our services. Have you heard of the Broken Windows Theory? More info here: 
This approach continues to be successful across our nation and world, Troy has gotten away from this approach. Remember the Action Team? That was a partnership between Code, DPW, and TPD. Systematic approach to issues, nipping things in the bud before they grew into bigger issues. We are learning that certain departments no long communicate with one another, this is not how we address any issue we are faced with. Now I'm not ignorant to the fact other means may be necessary to specific crime issues but they can be deal with with the proper specialty details. 
If we are administering our services effectively realistically many of the quality of life issues that are most glaring in communities (pot holes, code issues, garbage issue, certain crime) should be seen and deal with in a timely manner without a string of constituent complaints. This is the approach and agenda we need to steer our ship in. 
@_date: 2015-07-08 02:00:26
Thank you for your question in short the answer is yes. There is no reason why local municipalities do not accept bitcoin as a method of payment for any municipal payment. There is a growing segment of our population that utilizes digital currency and after learning, researching and seeing companies like Microsoft and Virgin openly embracing and trusting this method the just makes sense. No cost to local government and increases ease of use for bitcoin users. 
@_date: 2015-07-07 18:52:37
To be specific, for example, a simple investment in city own vacant properties whether it be demolition and sale of property to neighboring property owners to entice and retain younger families with larger lots and opportunity for family growth. We need to be creative in our neighborhood re-development as we were with our downtown to attract and retain our residents. Lastly, our downtown is a great attraction to those wanting to live in Troy, but not everyone wants to live in a downtown environment, so incentives and opportunity throughout our city will be key to our long term growth and health, honestly Troy's downtown cannot survive alone, we are experiencing this now, the areas where the largest residential tax base exists needs to be clean, livable, and safe to ensure they can be sustainable. 
@_date: 2015-07-08 02:19:55
What you call a stunt many others call support of a specific cause. Fact is bitcoin will be utilized in our municipality under my administration and why, because a growing portion of our population demands it. It offers a "new" population a simple way to transact business and interact with their government, when was the last time an elected official said they look to eliminate fees and costly redundancies, make government more transparent and effective - and actually follow through? Acceptance of bitcoin is just one example of what I see as a necessary endeavor to streamline government. There are too many costly layers and hurdles that can be removed through consolidation and sharing services. All will bring about cost savings to the government which results to savings to taxpayers. Majority of items are in administrative procedure and pooling of resources which does not relate to reduction of services or staff.   
@_date: 2015-07-07 19:12:59
We have a number of human service facilities operating within our city, like many other urban environments that also happen to be the county seat and home governmental assistance services. What Troy faces isn't unique, what we have lacked recently is strong vision driven leadership. We need to get back to the issue driven policies that helped begin the rebirth of our downtown and extend that to our residential communities.  
@_date: 2015-07-08 02:28:10
The city would not hold bitcoin, it would be converted to US currency at time of transaction, just like a credit card transaction.
@_date: 2015-07-08 02:24:21
Uber definitely has a place in our world, but does it in Troy? Thats still to be determined. While i recognize our taxi service regionally leaves a lot to be desired we should approach the issue regionally by collectively working with the cities of Albany and Schenectady and necessary parties to develop a regional regulation and understanding of service. Each city has its own approach and set of codes and regulations, this shouldn't be the case. 
@_date: 2015-07-08 02:03:05
Its not as stressful as sharing a name with someone like Paul McCartney or Wayne Gretzky.  
@_date: 2015-07-08 02:09:58
You need to come back soon! Troy has definitely undergone a tremendous transformation since you've left in 1999. I would say relationships are improving but there is still room for more to development and alignment of priorities. Town is a college town we need to embrace this not just with RPI, but Sage and HVCC as well. 
@_date: 2015-07-07 19:07:45
This needs to be addressed as a region including representatives from the 3 big cities to ensure uniform regulation and approach. a lot is to be desired here but it can be achieved. 