@_author: jimgagnon
@_date: 2016-08-08 04:23:39
The question he didn't answer is what the bitcoin to bitfinex equity will be. As the brand is now damaged, it sure isn't worth what he felt it was worth before.
@_date: 2016-06-19 01:09:23
It is so obvious what's going to happen. They will force a hard fork on all the miners to negate the theft of all that ether. I know the libertarian circle jerk is claiming that will destroy the DAO, but you need to heed the lesson of NXT. They were hacked a couple of years ago and had a chance to stop the thieves. They listened to the libertarians and didn’t compromise their currency to stop ‘em; everyone lost faith in nxt and [it lost 85% of its value](
If they don't stop the thieves, everyone loses confidence in Ethereum and this great DAO experiment ends now. It's that simple.
@_date: 2016-06-19 00:56:36
Apparently to buy time they have clogged the queue so no transactions are getting through at the moment. 
@_date: 2018-06-16 15:45:31
He does have a point. Otherwise, why does Tether and Bitfinex resist being audited? It's because Tether is not backed 1:1 by dollars and that the charge of BitCoin price manipulation is true.
@_date: 2018-06-16 23:17:15
There's a very simple reason why Tether won't submit to an audit: their shenanigans [have cost people $87B in Bitcoin and $208B in all crypto this year]( They are aware their actions are illegal in a number of jurisdictions, and are trying their best to stay out of jail.
@_date: 2016-11-14 20:29:42
You're forgetting the shades of gray. You can create an open blockchain that also has premium services and handling for which you can control and monetize. It solves some interesting trust problems that arise.
@_date: 2018-06-16 20:36:52
Not quite right. The first point "It is offered in exchange for money" should be "There is an investment of money." Regardless, Tether doesn't pass the Howey test as there is no expectation of profits, being pegged to the dollar as it is.
Ethereum doesn't pass the Howey test as 1) you can acquire it without exchanging money (by mining) and 2) it isn't a common enterprise, [at least not in the eyes of the CFTC]( ICOs are different as they advertise ownership in a common enterprise, aka the company offering them.
The SEC statement on cryptos evolving into non-securities is just an official's musing -- it is neither an official policy nor law. Tether is a skanky enterprise that does not back its coin 1:1 with dollars. That's why they won't allow themselves to be audited. 
@_date: 2018-06-16 16:34:06
Actually, a dollar-pegged crypto doesn't pass the Howey test, so there's no danger of it being classified as a security. Tether just doesn't what the world to know what they're up to.
@_date: 2017-04-15 04:45:39
Hate to be the voice of gloom, but the reason why the NSA targeted SWIFT is that it is the arteries of the world's financial body. Should another technology (say bitcoin) start to handle a significant volume of financial flows, it will be compromised as well. Bitcoin's current ~$20B total value (less actually, as nearly one fifth of that are lost coins) is a pittance compared to the amount of money that flows through SWIFT.
Bitcoin hasn't been hacked by the NSA yet because it isn't interesting. Once it is, it too will be compromised. Any technological system involving humans have weaknesses, and they'll find Bitcoin's.
For me, the most interesting aspect of the article was that it was the North Koreans that hacked the Bank of Bangladesh. Hadn't heard that before. Wonder who and what else they're hacking?
@_date: 2016-07-18 17:49:58
Consider for a moment that JP Morgan isn't going to implement a new cryptocurrency on top of Juno, and that they have other goals in mind. They're smart people and even if they discount the viability of the universe of cryptocurrencies currently in existence, they know that sooner or later a government will step in (PostCoin, BritCoin, etc) and then it's game over for all the pretenders and amateurs in the cryptocurrency arena. BitCoin and a handful of others might survive, but they might not; certainly any JP Morgan cryptocurrency would be DOA.
No, they have much different plans for Juno where anonymity and full decentralization are highly undesirable features.: areas such as insurance, equities and bonds where law dictates much different characteristics.
@_date: 2016-07-14 17:50:51


Let's just say there are plenty of people in the financial world who've been on the receiving end of today's allowed shenanigans and see an opportunity in developing a system where this sort of behavior is impossible.
And you're right that pegging a currency value arbitrarily to another rarely turns out well, crypto or not. 
@_date: 2016-07-14 17:28:54
You mean besides BitCoin, Ether, Dash and [the rest]( [SafeShare]( has already released Insurance policies based on blockchain.
@_date: 2016-07-14 07:47:22
Sorry, I stopped reading after the first section as Krawisz doesn't truly understand blockchains, especially when he says "I don’t see that there is a lot of use for some kind of general “blockchain technology” outside of its application in Bitcoin." Blockchains are an excellent solution when dealing with a a world of untrustable actors, which turns out to be today's world of finance. Centralization of any financial infrastructure allows data hiding and manipulation. How much lower would the world's interest rates be if the Libor scandal were made impossible by basing them upon blockchain technology, forcing all transactions to be in the open? 
Today, all large governments and corporations have demonstrated they're more than willing to hide and manipulate if it's in their best interests. Technology professionals are forced to examine solutions that allow robust markets in the face of these untreatable actors, and blockchains are an important part of that toolbox.
There are other advantages to blockchains (forces multivendor solutions, etc), but I've already wasted enough time on this stupid article. 
@_date: 2016-07-14 17:39:28
Looks interesting. Open transactions allow independent notary servers, which is key in a system without trust. For my purposes, the notion of a distributed ledger is extremely desirable, which doesn't appear to come for free with Open Transactions.
I do want to reiterate that distribution of any kind of transaction server is key. Any centralized system, blockchain or not, opens itself up to hidden manipulation. This is not to say that manipulation is inherently undesirable (eg the DAO and Ether hard fork, of which I approve), but that such manipulation must be forced into the open.