@_author: jiminy_glickets
@_date: 2018-09-22 00:55:51
And the idea behind a free society is that he should be able to express those ideas, and we should be able to debate them, and see why they are wrong.
When the companies that control access and distribution of information collectively try to silence someone, it should be at the very least concerning.
Make no mistake - I recognize that each of these private companies have a right to do what they’re doing, and I do NOT want to change that, but imagine if the tables were turned. Picture a world where all the tech companies were right leaning, and deplatformed more radical leftist speakers. Even if it’s not illegal, doesn’t it seem to violate the underlying *values* that the first amendment represents?
@_date: 2018-09-22 12:11:59
Yes I 100% agree I just feel there’s a case to be made on the other side. You could argue that these companies have a moral (*not* legal, want to be very clear there) obligation to uphold libertarian ideal numero uno - free speech.
Again, government intervention is not the answer. I guess what I’m saying is that I wish more people had a problem with this, so these companies would think twice about censoring someone they disagree with. I wish that the old “I disagree with what you say, but I’ll defend to the death your right to say it” spirit was more prevalent in our society. Because that is a large part of what has made our society great in the first place. 
@_date: 2018-09-22 00:49:00
I’d say that being pro free speech and anti censorship, regardless of whether the censoring is done by the state or by a private company, is still compatible with libertarian values.
We gotta be specific here. I’m against censoring Alex Jones. I don’t think the government should mandate censoring or not censoring him, and I also respect a private company’s right to do so, I’m just personally against it.
@_date: 2018-09-22 00:46:10
The word censorship does not necessarily mean that it is the government doing the censoring. It just means suppressing speech. 
What these companies are doing doesn’t violate the first amendment, but it’s correct to call it censorship.