@_author: jimmy106699
@_date: 2018-03-23 17:29:17
Yep. This just knocks the credibility of cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2018-03-23 17:31:21
Corrupt politicians... Centre for gambling and a mafia hotbed. This just knocks crypto credibility, it doesn't boost it. Why are people celebrating this?
@_date: 2019-05-04 17:42:52
That was my thinking. I can’t help but think it is higher than your number though. Where did you get the $3400 as the cost of mining at the moment. There will be other factors like cost / depreciation of mining equipment, increasing difficulty and the fact that mining isn’t something people expect to be doing for free without profit. 
Also with the halving of blocks next year the price should reflect that. I am trying to get into trading never above this price so I don’t get caught up in bear runs and bull shit and all the tacky crap surrounding bitcoin trading.
@_date: 2019-05-02 19:51:39
Ok. Thanks. I’ve seen the mining profitability calculators before. Be a lot of work just using that to produce a chart like this [Cost to Mine One bitcoin]( 
Seems like obfuscation on part of the wider crypto community to not make this kind of info easily accessible with regular updates. But I’m just moaning. Thanks for the help.
Any idea where I can find out a breakdown of percentages of nationalities currently mining crypto or specifically bitcoin to then run average kWh costs through the calculator?
@_date: 2019-05-02 16:44:47
Can anyone point me in the direction of finding the information for how much the average bitcoin costs to mine today. I’d like to work out from top to bottom, electricity costs, mining rig costs and depreciation. I think this should be a readily available number that is updated monthly and just sat there as a stabilising force. I probably need to know where mining is done to work out the average for electricity costs. There is some picture floating around with costs per country back from a year ago, but if difficulty increases and electricity costs etc, I would love to figure out exactly the cost of mining bitcoin to break even. I’m guessing it’s somewhere around where we are and next year it will obviously double in value. But I think hard facts would be nice to pierce through all the misinformation that’s spread around to try and take people’s money on bad trades. 
It seems like an important thing for bitcoin to move past the pump and dump volatility and into mainstream acceptance.