@_author: jimukgb
@_date: 2016-08-04 02:34:17
The dashboard on the Coinbase app says it cannot connect
@_date: 2016-11-07 20:11:53
He'll give post-brexit Britain a more favourable trade deal. Obama already said his administration will put us "at the back of the queue"
@_date: 2016-11-16 20:47:49
@_date: 2016-09-26 16:10:26
A conservative estimate would be to assume that the entire bitcoin mining power is made up of the latest generation of ASIC hardware (like the Antminer S9). It takes approximately 1300W to run a single device and it comes with 13 TH/s. To put that into perspective, if you assume the current hash rate of the entire bitcoin network at about 2 exahashes per second, you would need the equivalent of 155,000 antminers with a total cost of about of about £183,600,000 to match that hash rate. They would collectively consume over 200 MW of energy (a small to medium size power plant). In practice, I believe at the minute it is estimated that bitcoin miners are using up as much as 500MW of energy as not everyone will be running the most power efficient hardware. And yes, it is the total hash power of the entire bitcoin network, each pool will only commit a fraction of that hashing power which is why it will only win or mine a proportional fraction the blockchain blocks each day.
@_date: 2016-09-26 02:24:40
It means that on average, given the current difficulty, this is approximately the number of unique hashes the entire bitcoin network will have to calculate in order to mine a new block
@_date: 2016-09-26 10:44:14
Quite a lot without doubt, however, you have to take into account that traditional commodities like rare earth elements are incredibly detrimental for the environment to mine. If everyone started using bitcoins instead of gold to store their assets we may well end up with a dozen or so nuclear power plants running the bitcoin network, however, we would also be doing a very great favour to the environment.
@_date: 2016-09-26 19:35:19
Yea it is, the higher the difficulty, the more money an attacker would need to invest in hardware and electricity in order to mount an attack. For a 51% attack you would need half of the genuine bitcoin network hashing power. The current hash rate is about 1.8 exahashes per second. That means an external attacker would need at least that much hashes per second in order to be able to generate the longer fork of the blockchain and overtake the honest part of the the bitcoin network. If however some of the genuine bitcoin miners turned against the network, it will only be sufficient for those controlling half of the networks hash rate to become rogue to cripple the network. In the current case, 800 petahashes per seconds will allow an internal attacker to reverse previously confirmed transactions through the 51% attack.
@_date: 2016-09-26 02:37:12
Yes, however, unless you haven't got astronomical luck, those are the average number of hashes you would need to be calculating in order to have a reasonable chance of finding a new block for as long as the current difficulty remains the same
@_date: 2016-09-26 11:46:34
RSCoin is an example of a proposed fiat cryptocurrency
@_date: 2016-09-26 15:09:41
If you look at some early bitcoin transactions like the 10 BTC Satoshi himself allegedly sent to Finney in block 170, you will see that they were secured with a public key and not a hash
@_date: 2016-09-26 03:10:46
The public bitcoin address as we know it nowadays (i.e. ripemd160(sha256(pubkey)) was only introduced more recently. The original bitcoin transactions would use the public key directly in their output scripts and people used IP addresses to send bitcoins instead of paying to bitcoin addresses
@_date: 2016-09-26 10:35:14
The difficulty was adjusted in block 431424 on Sunday 25th of September at approximately 10am GMT 
@_date: 2016-09-26 02:29:53
It's the number of hashes you need to find a block, not the hash rate per second of the bitcoin network which currently is about 2 exahashes per second
@_date: 2016-09-26 02:33:28
No, the two are different things. The hash rate of the bitcoin network usually is given by the number of hashes which are calculated every second. The 1 zettahashes number I referred to is the average number of hashes the bitcoin network needs to calculate before it can expect to find a new block
@_date: 2016-09-26 03:02:44
This has got to do with the fact that before the mining difficulty was adjusted this Sunday morning at about 10am, the average estimated hash rate of the network for the previous 2 weeks (2016 blocks) was about 1.8 exahashes per second and the difficulty would have been set based on that estimate. It currently runs at about 2 exahashes and hence on average more than 6 blocks are mined every hour.
@_date: 2016-09-26 18:05:04
Block 431424 and all subsequent blocks (assuming the difficulty continues to increase in the future) will require on average 1 zetahashes or more to be calculated before a block is mined. The actual number of hashes needed to be calculated before a block is found is purely done to luck. Assuming we live in a universe of infinite possibilities, I could mine a block with my pocket calculator by hashing a single block header and find a hash lower than the target straight away. On a very very unlucky day it may take the bitcoin network 1000 zeta hashes without mining a single block on the current network difficulty and that will all be down to bad luck. There is no straightforward correlating between the amount of time it takes to find a single block and how big the difficulty is - it's mostly down to luck. This is why all estimates of the difficulty will usually average out over couple of hundreds of blocks.
@_date: 2016-10-27 01:57:46
Could you please elaborate how long everyone should repeat doing the "pay double the median" bit before we all end up paying 10,000 BTC in fees for 3 pepperoni pizzas?
@_date: 2016-10-21 23:08:11
You were running a full node which means anyone on the bitcoin network knows you have bitcoins. There are only about 5000 full nodes currently running in the whole world. I can't imagine it not being the case that people are brute forcing the IPs all the time looking for known OS vulnerabilities and in effect remotely infecting your computer with malware designed to steal your coins. Windows 8 in particular would be a horrible choice for a secure environment to keep your bitcoins. In fact, if you go on the  website it explicitly says under Bitcoin Classic description for Windows - "Vulnerable Environment"! The home page also has a very friendly advice - before start using bitcoins, take time to educate yourself!
@_date: 2016-10-23 00:05:05
I'm really sorry for what has happened to you and it's really unfair that there are such people in the world who would do that. Running a full node was exactly the right kind of thing to do for someone with your stake in the Bitcoin cryptocurrency, the problem is not the full node itself but with keeping your wallet with your private keys on the same computer you use to run your node.
A Bitcoin wallet and a full node really are two very different things, however, the Bitcoin Core developers team would like you to think otherwise and it all really boils down to the heart of the 1 MB block size issue if it's something you've ever come across. In their view, everyone who has a Bitcoin wallet should also run a full node which is why they are committed to keeping the size of the blockchain as small as possible (currently ~80GiB) and also pair the full node Core client with a wallet (and so do all forks of the Core client like Classic, Unlimited etc) in order to encourage everyday users adoption.
The three pillars of the Bitcoin Network - everyday users with their private keys and wallets, full nodes which maintain the distributed ledger of transactions called the Blockchain and miners who forge new blocks and allow people to spend their bitcoins whilst guarding against double spending were once all part of the same program written by Satishi Nakamoto but as the cryptocurrency has evolved over the years, they've all become separate things and in my opinion they should be kept this way if Bitcoin is to succeed in future.
In reality, the best suited type of bitcoin wallet for you really comes down to what you use your bitcoins for. If you only every hold very small stakes and you use bitcoins as a mean of purchasing things like sending money abroad or paying for a VPN service then a cloud based wallet like Coinbase or an SPV client like Electrum or Android Bitcoin Wallet is most likely what you're looking for. If you are a bitcoin broker and you trade large volumes of bitcoins for profit then you absolutely need a full node in order to get quick and very reliable conformations and you also need a hot wallet because you need to be sending as well as receiving bitcoins around the clock so you may want to use a hardware wallet like Trezor or a software wallet like Armory which is supposed to be very good at encrypting your private keys and almost certainly run it on top of Linux.
If you use bitcoins as a form of investment or savings as you have been doing, then it is absolutely recommended that you keep your private keys in a cold storage - something as simple as printing them out from a Ubuntu LiveCD or again, using a hardware wallet. The hardware wallet itself arguably isn't any safer at keeping you bitcoins offline than paper, it just makes it a low easier and safer to send them once you want to spend. You may also want to run a full node for various reasons - first as you have a vetted interest in the Bitcoin cryptocurrency you want it to succeed and by running a full node you help relay transactions and thus help the smooth running of the network. Also, having your own full node which is kept synced with the network allows you to independently verify that transactions of bitcoins you've purchased are added to the blockchain and that's particularly relevant to you if you have been buying them in small amounts over the years rather than in one big chunk.
And finally you've asked how is Bitcoin ever going to succeed for the average user if security is so very difficult to implement in practise. The simple answer is, there is no easy way to do security and this is the precise reason why cloud based wallet providers like Coinbase are booming. Of course, I'm sure you would've heard about all the hacking incidents with Bitfinex being one of the latest controversy. At the end of the day, just because it is a cloud based wallet doesn't mean it's safe - think about comparing a British bank to a Greek bank - just because it is a bank doesn't mean it's safe for you to put your money in (well I'm sure lots of people on here would say no banks are to be trusted but that's a very different topic, I hope you get my point). For the average user doing their own security would never be an easy task and inevitably the majority of people would resort to online wallets. Having said that, who knows, maybe one day having solved its scalability issues, Bitcoin will become so popular that phone manufacturers will begin to embed hardware wallets in our smartphones just the same way they have NFC chips and AndroidPay at the present day so it may become more common for people to have their own bitcoins.