@_author: jirikivaari
@_date: 2018-01-10 21:15:51
This is awesome.
But here is something depressing about this. The drug has already passed Phase 1 and Phase 2 trials. Now it costs 25 million for a chemical that has probably very few physical drawbacks. And when will it be available in other parts of the world.
Think how expensive that is. Imagine if you had PTSD or something like that and you had to wait 10 years for all these trials to pass. People who have been under small-arms fire can't take chemicals which might be mentally dangerous to them?! You can even go skydiving or do extreme sports. I think after a drug has been deemed physically safe, it should be already legal to get it. 
There are probably other psychedelic medicine which might be useful but it will equally long and expensive process to get them through.
It is just ridiculous. There are many snake oil sellers out there but I think we should really think about risk aversion rationally. When it comes to medicine, we don't. Below is a great example of that.
@_date: 2017-12-25 17:41:52
Tyler Cowen once gave a great talk on the subject:
I really suggest listening to it. Grants and prize work for different things and you are right they are in some cases much better idea.
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:34:14
1. I'd also rise my support for Effective Altruism. They are very smart people on the planet thinking about how to help people. It was founded on ideas by Robin Hanson and eg. Peter Singer has endorsed it. I think anyone who logically starts to think how to help people will end up something like Effective Altruism. The main idea behind EA is that most charities exist because people want to help but or completely uninterested in EFFECTIVENESS of the charities. When you actually start to rank them, demand RCT's and stuff like that. 
2. I'd also second MAPS.org. They are doing great work on mental health treating PTSD victims, cancer patient mental health etc: 
3. Donate to end animal suffering. I'm not even animal activist but on intellectual level I appreciate the work they do: 
4. Medical research. Horrible diseases that cannot be cured. Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, ALS, Huntington's, Creutzfelt-Jakob disease, cancer, autoimmune diseases and 10 other diseases nobody knows about. Very few of them accept bitcoin I think.
5. EFF would be nice too. I'd like for Internet to stay free like it is. We take lots of good things about internet for granted. Don't assume it lasts. 
6. Bill Gates + Melinda foundation against malaria etc. (they already have lots of money though):
7. Open science:  I think open science is an important project. As long as all science is open, it is only a matter of debate and finding right people.
8. Open border is one case you haven't thought about. Helping people out of dysfunctional societies is many times better than fixing them. Not to mention the economic benefits. Immigration is still a difficult topic so I won't say anything. I'm just say to consider it because I think there might be risks and costs involved. 
9. Well FLI does work on existential risks to humanity (eg. climate change): 
10. ALLFED is an organization that support work on securing food supply in case of nuclear war, asteroid impact, supervolcano eruption etc. I have once read paper that securing food supplies for future generations would save more epected lives than all developed nations charity combined. 
11. Maybe MIRI. They just do research to help keep future AI safe. They accept Bitcoin. 
12. Donate to: 
They help people find a career which let people have great impact on their life on the world. I don't know if they need money though.
13. Wikipedia: 
14. There are lots of open source projects (eg. Linux foundation) who would probably need more money but given that the effect on human welfare is close to nil I am not going to recommend any. I think it would be easier to start a foundation for "unfunded open source projects of importance" and donate to them. For example EA uses criteria of: important, neglected, tractable.
15. I'm going to be devil's advocate and say politics. Usually only the government has the coordination and money to do something about and electing smart people is way to go. I am not going to say who or what to support. What is your goal here? Reduce suffering? Lots of things to do on health care, sanitation, infrastructure, education, basic research etc. Support candidates with science-background to be honest. I think if something that should be defended is reason and Enlightenment against populism. The candidate which I would support in US would be different I would support in Sweden.
16. The truth is that efficient charity is really hard. First of all, what is your goal? To end suffering? Well probably most of suffering is in developing world? How do you quantify it? What is the most effective approach? How about future lives? How about existential risks? Does that charity ever reach its goal? Opportunity costs? EA answers these questions quite well but the same kind of scrutiny does not usually exist outside EA supported charities (because the value of helping say people with rare disease is much smaller than helping the real poor in Africa).
p.s. I am not affiliated officially with any of the organizations but I know (as internet acquittance) some people from some of the organizations.
@_date: 2017-12-30 01:58:01
I actually mentioned your organization aswell. It's actually quite striking how much expected lives we might save with even modest investments to food supply security.