@_author: jisa
@_date: 2014-02-27 16:43:44
Aren't bitcoins intended to be a currency and not securities?
@_date: 2014-08-22 15:36:29
Horse pucky. The FAA case didn't involve some nebulous concept of "guidelines"–it involved the Administrative Procedures Act (APA), a federal statute that applies to the actions of agencies if there is no other statute controlling. It's essentially the default if no special procedures, forms, hearings, etc. are laid out in an agency-specific statute. And it is entirely a federal statute–it has no direct bearing on state administrative agencies.
New York has its own statute, the State Administrative Procedure Act. It certainly embodies many of the concepts of the federal APA, but it is by no means a mirror. (See Bonfield, Arthur Earl, "The Federal APA and State Administrative Law," 72 Va. L. Rev. 297 (March, 1986)).
@_date: 2014-03-26 14:22:06
This notice/FAQ does not require notice and comment. It's not a regulation. It's non-regulatory guidance. Other than that, you're not wrong, but you're giving people like an inaccurate impression of the process.
This is non-regulatory guidance. It is not binding. It does not have the force of law in and of itself. It is, however, a statement outlining how the IRS intends to carry out its responsibilities and use its authority under existing law.
The IRS is stating its position that under existing law, bitcoins are treated as property for federal tax purposes, etc. If someone does not follow the guidance, the IRS cannot punish them for not following the notice, but they CAN attempt to punish them for violating the statutes and regulations that the IRS based the notice on.
This isn't a proposal. This is a statement of what the IRS believes the existing laws and regulations require and how the IRS will proceed. If you disagree with this interpretation, one can certainly make the argument that the IRS is wrong, but I sure wouldn't want to be the test case.
@_date: 2014-02-25 15:54:24
Oh please. In light of the recent news reports and the reports' repercussions? There are minimal repercussions unless the reports are true. And if the reports are true, it's not the news reports that doomed MtGox, but their own behavior and operations.
@_date: 2014-04-21 01:42:23
And the relevance is....? He was arrested in the US for crimes committed in the US, he'll be tried in the US, and if found guilty, will be jailed in the US. He wasn't in Germany or other countries in the world-he was in the US.
@_date: 2014-09-23 21:01:02
Serving papers can fall within the US Marshals Service's (USMS) bailiwick, particularly where there is danger or impracticality in having others do it. The USMS does not do their own investigations, save for fugitive investigations. They may assist with other investigations where they have particular expertise, but they aren't going to be the lead agency in a fraud case, for example.
As the prime enforcement arm of the courts (but an Executive Branch, not a Judicial Branch agency, mind you), US Marshals go after fugitives, serve court papers (including warrants, summons, etc.), protect judges and courthouses, assists with federal prisoner transports, and runs the witness protection program. 
The USMS can also be the agency given odd jobs by statute, such as Adam Walsh Act giving the USMS responsibility for aiding state and local law enforcement with finding and arresting sex offenders who do not comply with sex offender registration, or the USMS essentially acting in the role of a county sheriff in Washington, DC because there IS no county-level sheriff's office. (In DC, US Marshals handle evictions, for example, something that they don't touch with a 20 foot pole anywhere else. They also handle both federal and DC prisoner transport, federal and DC courthouse security, process servers of last resort for DC-level civil cases, etc.)
@_date: 2014-02-25 18:48:22
It is simple. It isn't all positive, but it's simple.
@_date: 2014-02-28 15:25:22
Arguing that publicizing Gox's losses is what killed Gox is akin to arguing that efforts to expose Bernie Madoff as running a ponzi scheme is what caused his investors to lose their money.
Publicizing the issues stopped the scheme from continuing on a little longer, but that's not the same as a rescue! Accepting deposits but not making withdrawals put Mt. Gox on the same level as a ponzi scheme, and no merger or buyout was going to be able to fix that issue.
@_date: 2014-02-25 15:52:31
Oh please. In light of the recent news reports and the reports' repercussions? There are minimal repercussions unless the reports are true. And if the reports are true, it's not the reports that will have doomed MtGox, but their own behavior and operations.
@_date: 2014-03-25 21:29:11
I can't EL5 (administrative law is a bit more complex than Schoolhouse Rock), but I can explain it. Administrative agencies all derive their power from some sort of enacting legislation (also known as an organic statute). The enacting legislation creates an agency and defines its authority and role. (There can be multiple statutes that govern an agency.)
Agencies are essentially delegated power through the enacting legislation over a certain sphere. In the example of the IRS, their sphere of delegated authority is taxation.
Congress does not need to decide the legal status of Bitcoin first because it has delegated the authority to make that determination to the IRS. An agency cannot go against the express will of Congress as reflected in the plain language of a statute. If, however, a statute is ambiguous, it is the role of an agency to fill in the gaps of the legislation.
@_date: 2017-03-20 14:17:48
Why? Why should Bitcoin be tax exempt while other investments and currency trading are not? In the U.S., if you make money, you owe taxes on that money. Doesn't matter whether its from a legitimate or illegitimate enterprise (selling drugs? Still owe taxes); doesn't matter whether its salary or investments; etc. Why do you think Bitcoin should be exempt?
@_date: 2017-11-11 15:24:01
I don't understand your argument. The article has nothing to do with guilt or innocence (although, n.b., even innocent people can be in jail from time to time).
The article itself is pretty darn clear. Gains and losses may be frozen at the date of the bankruptcy, which is how things work in most countries. Creditors (aka people who got screwed over by Mt. Gox) had to file their claims in Yen, not in bitcoin. Because the value of bitcoin has increased so dramatically in-between the date of bankruptcy filing and today, it is quite possible that it may be possible to fully pay off all the creditors. Which is unusual for a bankruptcy and is a good thing, sort of. But--anything left over after paying off the creditors is kept by the person filing bankruptcy, AKA Karpelès. (Creditors can get anything from 0 to 100% of what they are owed, but they can't get more than that.)
This doesn't factor in any criminal proceedings, which could lead to fines or forfeiture of bitcoins as proceeds of a crime, but under the civil side, yes, it is possible that Karpelès could still profit further from his scheme and get what is leftover after everyone is paid off on the bankruptcy side.
@_date: 2015-11-16 13:50:31
Article is ludicrous. Federal Reserve isn't about to move to negative interest rates-they're about to raise the interest rates. ("There is near-unanimous agreement among private forecasters surveyed that the Federal Reserve will begin raising short-term interest rates next month after holding them near zero for seven years." 
Whether the rates go up in December or March, they are most certainly not in danger of going negative.
@_date: 2016-05-01 23:59:19
I'm still a Bitcoin newbie, so forgive me if this is a dumb question. Is it possible for the same bitcoins to be held on multiple devices? (I.e. Can it be on both a PC and a smartphone, for example?)
If so, I'd argue this is more analogous to someone leaving a link to a fiat bank account with the passwords stored than to buying a chest with valuable objects or currency aside. (For example, if you bought a laptop and the prior owner had a link to his Wells Fargo account with the login/password saved, the contents of bank account would very much not be yours.)
@_date: 2015-03-25 14:00:46
*nods* That's been my experience.
@_date: 2015-03-25 12:37:40
Bitcoin offers anonymity–not something that's a positive feature when it comes to people giving strangers access to their home. Bitcoin offers an inability to tap the source of funding in the future–not a desirable thing in the world of hotel-type options where it may be necessary to charge for damages.
Bitcoin isn't necessarily the greatest fit for this sort of thing.
@_date: 2016-05-02 11:02:09
It's worth noting that another legal issue is whether the person who sold you the computer was empowered to give you the bitcoins. 
Let's assume for the sake of argument that if Wilma sells you Wilma's old computer and there are bitcoins on it, that the bitcoins are yours. (Not sure I'm comfortable with agreeing with that argument, but for the following, we'll assume that.) But what happens when Fred dies, wills some things, including his computer, to Wilma, and wills his investments and cash things to Pebbles? Wilma can't sell you a clean claim of ownership to the bitcoins, as they were not hers to give away (knowingly or unknowingly). 
You said the computer you bought belonged to someone who passed away recently, and I assume you don't know how the probate stuff worked out, if there were multiple heirs, etc. Legally and morally, not necessarily your bitcoins.
@_date: 2016-07-12 16:29:28
Cui bono–who benefits? What would the point be of the government using Ross like a patsy?
Silk Road was one of the places that made bitcoin what it is today–it certainly did not "demolish...trust" in bitcoin. 