@_author: jiten
@_date: 2016-08-24 17:03:10
It's actually not a separate email. the + character is special in that it signifies the end of the email username. As long as it's valid characters for an email address, you can type anything you want between + and @ and the email will still get delivered to the same address.
However, the receiver will see that text and can setup filters in their email client to treat the messages differently depending on what's between + and  Or more likely, they'll just search their email for support+reddit and find the messages that way when they know there might be something waiting.
@_date: 2016-08-24 17:09:20
Ok... that might be enough to the keep privacy level reasonable. At least if the user who wants privacy themselves uses more than 2.
@_date: 2016-08-25 13:22:33
Preferably a piece of a automatic code should do the picking. Perhaps just pick every block that would've been valid at a significantly higher difficulty than the chain has at the time and use that as a way to keep the number of blocks sensible.
Of course, the newest picked block should be reasonably old too. maybe 30 day minimum age.
@_date: 2016-08-24 08:59:14
The biggest problems I'm aware of with Monero are that a) Transactions tends to be much bigger (in data size) than in Bitcoin and b) Using the built in mixing feature makes the transactions bigger than strictly necessary, so people tend to opt to not use it, which weakens the privacy for those that do.
An example of b is that, suppose you spend your own output and include only one other output in the mix. Given just your transaction, no-one can tell which output it was you actually spent. Now, if the actual owner of the other output chooses to spend it without mixing, that effectively unmixes your output too.
@_date: 2016-04-26 09:16:23
You'll need to tell them either the transaction id or the bitcoin address you paid the bitcoins to and the amount. Either should be enough.
@_date: 2016-04-06 21:25:55
I suspect 5 years is a more realistic timescale for a hard fork that's mostly just cosmetic.
@_date: 2016-04-08 16:53:07
Possible. If we manage to come into consensus about something else. However, once the soft fork is done, it should be trivially easy to come to a consensus about scheduling the hard fork version to happen 5 years later.
If a consensus about another hard fork happens after that, it'll then be trivial to piggyback segwit into it as well.
@_date: 2018-01-28 03:06:21
LN routing can be somewhat difficult to grasp if you approach it from a perspective of looking for the best route available.
First, it's important to realize there are two things in LN that are often referred to with the term "routing". One of them is *route finding* and the other is *payment relay*. *Payment relay* is the more critical part and that part actually doesn't have any scaling related problems. It's the route finding process that's the one where the scaling issues are thought to be.
However, with LN routing, the *route finding* process doesn't necessarily have to be blazing fast. Equally, the routes found don't need to be the very best ones available. As long as they're not too expensive, any route that works is fine. Also, not all the routes found need to actually work. As long as some of them do, that's enough. You will be able to verify all of them in parallel if need be and then pick the best one out of those. That's not an expensive process.
Another thing to note is that *you don't necessarily need to do the route finding step every time* you pay someone. The routes in the network will be relatively static, so if you have the routes saved from a previous *route finding* attempt, you can just check if one of them works and skip the *route finding* process most of the time.
These relaxed requirements allow us to use algorithms that might not even be considered for regular communications routing.
From these, the critical thing to take home is the idea of saved routes. Suppose you want to pay someone you have no route for and suppose the *route finding* algorithm takes hours produce results (to examine a worst case scenario). Also suppose that you both have a database of saved routes to other parties you have paid to (or routed through) previously. Now you compare your saved routes and find that some of those routes go to (or through) the same nodes. You can combine those routes to find a route for your payment almost instantly. It might not be the best or the cheapest possible, but it'll work and it'll work fast.
Now, there are obvious problems with the above as it is. For instance, you don't want to rely on luck to find a route. That'll fail too often. Also, you probably wouldn't want to reveal to everyone you pay who else you've paid. However, both of these can be fixed by also keeping a database of routes merely for the purpose of sharing and combining.
To make sure you always have routes with common nodes to combine. The simplest approach would be to use bitcoin block hashes as input to a pseudorandom number generator to pick the nodes in the LN network that _every node_ will keep a database of routes to for a predetermined amount of time after the block.
So, this only leaves open the question of how do nodes find these routes to the selected landmark nodes? One option is that when a node (or it's direct neighbors) notices that it's been selected as landmark (by a new bitcoin block), it'll send a "pulse" through the network along the channels. Every node that receives that pulse will then repeat it to all other neighbors with the channel the pulse came from added to it. That way every node in the network will get several routes to the node almost immediately after the landmark node is selected. (Obviously, the pulse propagation will need some kind of decay rules built into it so it won't spam the network forever. The specifics aren't important for what I want to express here, however.)
I believe this algorithm to be scalable enough that it'd be sufficient even if LN were to scale to 6 billion users each with several channels.
@_date: 2018-01-24 19:17:57
This will also make multisig transactions the same size as regular transactions, so the effect might be bigger.
@_date: 2018-01-28 05:09:49


No, because the algorithm was quite literally born in my mind as I was writing that comment and trying to explain in what way Lightning's requirements for a routing algorithm differs from the viewpoint of the writer of the earlier comment.


I doubt the exact churn rate can be predicted in advance. Also, I suspect the churn will start out higher than what it'll eventually settle out to be as people find more balanced channel configurations that reduce the need to close channels.
@_date: 2018-01-28 04:44:31
Perhaps it has, but what does it have to do with the topic here?
@_date: 2018-01-24 19:20:37
I'd think they designed bech32 to be future proof enough to handle this without a need for a new address format.
@_date: 2018-01-24 19:10:49
To nitpick, they've actually changed a whole word. STARK and SNARK are acronyms.
That being said, I only knew they were acronyms, but Google got me this. No idea what's the replaced word in STARK, but at least I found the SNARK.
zk-SNARK for zero-knowledge Succinct Non-interactive ARgument of Knowledge
@_date: 2017-12-29 12:26:40


Did you know there's a saying that goes 'The road to hell is paved with good intentions'? This is a model case for why this saying exists. In this case, the scenario you just presented as an argument is a fairy tale. Or perhaps more accurately characterized as 'magical thinking'.
Any comparison between Segwit and this fantasy of yours is about as valid as comparing a real person to a fictitious character in your favorite story.
It sounds simple. Just increase the blocksize to 2MB. However, there's no-one who can decide to do that for everyone. Especially since everyone would need to do so at the same time. Especially so for Bitcoin as the lack of someone in control is like the whole point.
It's especially amusing since you claim no action would need to be taken by exchanges and wallet providers. The reality is that they'd be in at least as big of a mess as we have now. Potentially much much bigger.
Why? Well, there is no 'just increase the blocksize to 2MB'. There's _only_ 'Let's release an altcoin with a blocksize of 2MB and start it off with a copy of Bitcoin's ledger at block X'. 
The closest you can get to the fantasy is that someone releases the altcoin, convinces everyone to agree that it (and only it) will be called Bitcoin from now on and that no-one will ever use the old Bitcoin again. The more people there are that don't sign up for this deal, whether due to outright rejection or just due to not caring enough, the more trouble will be the result.
At this point, you're probably thinking to reply about Segwit not being any better and pointing at the mess we've already had. But it's not really caused by Segwit. In fact, we'd likely be in a much worse mess without Segwit.
With Segwit or without Segwit, eventually some well meaning (or less well meaning) person somewhere would have eventually released their altcoin with bigger blocks and convinced a sizable part of the community to abandon Bitcoin and move to their new shiny altcoin with bigger blocks. Without Segwit, it'd most likely be a somewhat bigger part of the community than it is now.
@_date: 2017-12-27 15:35:25
I'm going to nitpick a little and point out that every byte is actually counted. Witness bytes just count as one fourth of a byte. Of course, if you're talking about old versions, you're correct that they don't count the witness bytes in segwit transactions at all though.
@_date: 2015-12-31 21:41:34
No problem, as long as they're a significant minority and if they aren't the changes will never be activated.
@_date: 2015-12-25 22:48:10
Lightning Network will do 0-conf much better than bitcoin ever did. (yes, it literally does 0-conf all the time).
a quick mythbusting section about LN:
1) No, it won't require an account with a centralized service
2) Anyone with more than 1 channel can route payments.
3) It'll be usable with your regular wallet and with minimal hassle.
4) Would someone happen to have a link to a good LN facts and misconceptions page that's current? I'm sure I left out something important.
@_date: 2015-12-01 01:21:17
Not really, any sensible wallets will default to either simply not showing replaceable transactions before they're confirmed or clearly showing them as suspect.
So, if you're a wallet developer, you have to care about it. If you're the user of a wallet, you most likely don't need to care. That is, unless the developer doesn't do their job, which make me wonder why you would use their wallet.
@_date: 2015-12-31 23:03:04
Are you trying to say that 12 people own over 50% of all the mining power? Or is it pools you're talking about?
There's a huge difference between those two. Pools can misuse their power for a short time only, then they lose their miners.
If you're trying to say it's the ownership of the mining devices, that's somewhat more alarming. Although still, would make little sense for them to do anything that'd harm bitcoin. It'd directly devalue their assets greatly.
@_date: 2015-12-15 16:13:49
Also, nodes disappearing is not as big of a problem as it might sound. It's easily mitigated by having several channels. This also allows you to collect some fees for routing other people's transactions on the lightning network.
Although, I doubt most people would bother to have several channels just to mitigate against that. There's nothing to gain from that kind of behauviour. A simple trustless pseudonymous reputation database for nodes is enough to enable completely automated selection of nodes to make channels with. It just simply won't happen often enough in practise to be problem.
@_date: 2015-12-17 16:08:00
Since I'm unable to locate the original comment that contains that, quote, I'll have to guess at what he was actually talking about. The quote alone does not contain enough details to tell for sure. Also there's probably something wrong with the quoted text because the original been removed.
That 10x normal fee most likely refers to _bitcoin transaction fee_, because that's the fee you pay when you close a channel. The normal fee probably refers to whatever transactions would cost when done through lightning. When Bitcoin blockchain is near the limits of it's capacity, that could rise pretty high.
This quote has nothing to do with lightning being trustless or not. The decisive factor in determining whether something is trustless or not is not whether it might cost you something but rather whether the third party can profit by defaulting or not. It's trustless because _no-one can profit by stealing from you_. In other words, there's _no financial incentive for someone force you to pay that bigger fee_.
Adam might have written that, but if so, he also removed it later. That's like admitting it wasn't quite right. Which makes sense because there's no actual need for this sort of insurance.
Every channel is a two-way street. There's no rule that says whose money it is that pays for the reclaim transaction fee. It could even be 50-50, so both lose out equally much if it happens. Or any other split. It's very likely that merchants would be the people who voluntarily choose to shoulder that burden to motivate people to open channels instead of making regular bitcoin transactions to them.
Edit: Doh, found the original. Oh well, doesn't change my reasoning. insurance is not a useful way to solve that issue.
@_date: 2017-12-25 10:57:38
They've got a massive number of users. It's almost guaranteed that there's a way to monetize that big time. That's the reason for the valuation. However, the easiest ways to monetize that would drive out many of those users, so I suspect they're still trying to find ways to monetize that also let them to keep the users.
@_date: 2015-06-16 18:16:17
Huh? They have made no such threat. More so, even if they did, it'd just amount to hot air. A fork without economically significant number of people behind it doesn't have a snowball's chance in hell.
@_date: 2015-06-16 18:06:38
And if it remains contentious enough, it will never get to the point where it's actually attempted. They don't plan to even try unless they get 75% or more support.
@_date: 2015-12-12 04:48:39
quantum computing is not very useful for breaking hashes like SHA-256. Just signature and encryption algorithms like ECDSA or RSA. To attack ECDSA, you need to know the public key. However, most addresses are made from the hash of the public key, which is not enough to start attacking ECDSA. You'd need to break the hash first, which won't be significantly easier with quantum computers.
TL;DR any normal address that hasn't been spent from before is safe. So, if you use Bitcoin the way the developers recommend and don't reuse addresses, your coins are quantum safe, at least for now.
@_date: 2015-12-15 15:59:09
It's not that there isn't a 3rd party. It's that the third party can be almost anyone and that you don't really even need to know who they are. Lightning shares that property. Lightning network nodes can be pseudonymous too.
@_date: 2015-12-01 02:00:30
Most payment processors would already consider an Opted-in RBF transaction suspect and wouldn't accept it with 0-conf.
@_date: 2015-12-04 16:00:28
congratulations, you've invented a way to define fiat currency that's _patently useless_. I hope you're proud of yourself and don't mind me continuing to use the actually useful definition of fiat currency.
@_date: 2015-12-01 01:52:55
I believe that's how it'll end up being, once miners are ultra-optimized to ink out every shred of profit they can. It's better to delay replaceable transactions because that delay in itself might cause them to be replaced with better fees. Not much hope for that in non-replaceable transactions. So, all else being equal, it's better to leave out replaceable transactions.
@_date: 2015-12-27 12:48:44
Wallet does not need to be open for a channel to stay open. As for channels, the need to close a channel should be extremely rare. Especially once segregated witness upgrade is done (I haven't seen anyone actually oppose that so far, so I expect it'll go through).
Closing one channel and opening a new channel can happen in one transaction. It most likely won't be needed most of the time though. You can just route the payment through the channel network to pay for your coffee.
Anyone with 2 or more channels open can route payments through them for others (and optionally charge fees for it). Whenever there's no channel available to pay someone, it'll be quite lucrative to make one yourself, so you can start collecting fees for routing payments there. I expect the wallets will automate this to a high degree though. You most likely won't have to even think about it, other than activating the feature when you setup the wallet.
@_date: 2015-06-09 15:47:31
This reasoning has a problem. It assumes 1MB chain and 20MB chain coins will be valued equally. It's not really hashpower that decides this matter but rather the markets. Miners will mine the chain that gives the best profits, yes. Just don't forget that the moment it forks, the coins in the separate chains will also diverge in value too.
That's the crucial point. If majority of people want to be on the 20MB chain and could still sell their coins on the 1MB chain, they will do so if it gets them something. If selling is not possible, miners won't be interested in the chain. If it is, well, one of the chains will see massive dumping and will see it's price drop and miners lose interest.
@_date: 2015-06-04 19:54:41
If they want that, they might as well use Ripple. Although, even ripple could prove to be more decentralized than expected. The basic architecture was built to be decentralized afterall.
@_date: 2015-12-04 16:11:42
Financial conferences tend to be rather expensive. They most likely use the price to filter in mostly people who're worth networking with. It's a pretty effective way of getting people to efficiently self-organize and not go unless they're very very serious about it.
Of course, the price often includes meals and other useful things. It kind of has to, people don't like to "pay for nothing".
@_date: 2015-06-16 17:49:53
If you just look at the wording, it doesn't actually make any change to anything. The only danger is that harda seems to think Bitcoin XT is a contentious hard fork, which it isn't in my view.
The current plan is to only try to hard fork if the plan gets over 75% hashrate support from miners. Even then, there's 2 weeks before the fork happens and can still be canceled if miners withdraw support.
With the current plan, the hard fork would immediately bump the maximum to 8MB and double that every 2 years for 40 years. After that the maximum would stop growing.
of course, this can leave up to 25% of people unhappy with the situation and could potentially permanently leave us with 2 different networks. 
Ultimately it's a question of if there are 2 camps of people both unwilling to budge from their position or not. If there are, we're going to face some kind of fragmentation, no matter what. In this case we will end up with 2 (or more) chains. The only real difference is how they'll be named.
@_date: 2015-12-27 13:40:43
There'll be a balance with LN and bitcoin transaction fees there.
If the bitcoin fees are too low, it likely won't make sense to keep large LN channels open as that also means there's very little to be gained from routing fees. You do need a secure computer online to route LN payments through your channels, even if keeping the channels open doesn't require an online computer all the time.
When bitcoin fees are high, there's a large incentive to optimize your channels and make sure they're open and active (that is routing payments) so that you can profit from offering people cheaper payments than Bitcoin itself. This means more and more people will pay through LN and transaction pressure on bitcoin blocks will drop, causing the fee to drop too.
Between these two, there'll be a point of balance that'll be the actual fee level in bitcoin. This is the natural market balance that will form.
However, aside from this natural balance, the mining power does have a rather direct effect on the value of Bitcoin. What I mean is that if mining power drops enough, that will start dropping the price of Bitcoin. This means that there will be incentive for holders of bitcoin to cooperate and make sure there exists sufficient mining to keep the price stable. Exactly what form this will take is unclear, but the incentive is there. Hell, I'll organize it to happen myself if no-one else does it and it seems necessary.
As for relay nodes and risk. Well, this is the part that'll be decentralized to a large degree. But basically, if you find someone you can't pay through the current routing network, that's a good candidate for a profitable relay channel and you have a profit incentive to fix that. This network is self-healing in this respect.
a prompt commit does matter in some cases and won't matter in others. Basically, if you make money through taking a cut for routing payments, you'll want prompt commits when you're closing less profitable channels and opening more profitable ones. If you're not routing for profit, you might not care for a prompt commit. However, the other party in the channel might want it. It's not just your money tied up in a channel, most of the time.
The legal question is the trickiest one to answer. Mostly because I'm not a lawyer, but even if I was, I don't know which jurisdiction you're asking about and would likely not be able to answer even if I was a lawyer because I would not know the laws of your jurisdiction. So, all I can really say is that it depends on the country. Some will make trouble, others will not.
@_date: 2015-12-09 19:56:40
You misunderstand me. I'm not saying you're wrong. I'm saying that your definition is useless. By that definition everything is fiat so it becomes a completely useless distinction. I therefore refuse to adopt the meaning for it that you just defined.
As far as I'm concerned, if something doesn't derive from a centralized authority, it's not fiat. If you happen to have another word to suggest that has the meaning I've been expressing with fiat thus far, you're welcome to suggest it. I'll consider it.
However, if you just want to try explain how everything is fiat. Save your breath, I'm not interested. I have a need to communicate the meaning I'm using the word for and if I accept your definition, I can no longer communicate my meaning easily. Therefore I reject your definition.
@_date: 2015-12-27 12:58:50
That's true, but I suspect many are willing to take those channel opens at 0 confirmations, at least for small value transactions. Mostly because they only happen at times when they really need the new channels. I wouldn't be surprised to see merchants offering discount, sometimes, for opening a new channel to them.
@_date: 2015-06-18 11:28:56
People actually do that, you know.
@_date: 2015-06-02 20:00:38
Umm, not exactly. The people willing to burn the most money can influence the block size the most. Although, I agree that the difference is subtle.
However, the suggestion as presented is slightly problematic. If the resulting maximum blocksize is decided through averaging all the votes, then it makes no sense for anyone to vote anything but zero or maximum possible size because those give the maximum bang for buc... umm bitcoin.
Using the median vote for blocksize, however, could work. One satoshi, one vote.
However, the main argument for keeping the blocksize relatively small is to allow small (read poor) players to have the ability to run full nodes. This proposal doesn't look like it would address this. It invokes the classic coordination problem.
I believe the correct solution would not be that you vote by burning bitcoins.  Rather, those who want a larger blocksize should pay those who are disadvantaged by it. I haven't figured out a workable market model for that though.
@_date: 2015-12-22 15:40:02
Channels aren't dependent on your computer being online all the time. There's a longish timelock period for just this reason. If the timelock period is one week, you should make sure the computer is never offline for more than a week at a time. If you can only ensure it once a month, use timelock period of one month.
Although, you could also outsource the upkeep to a computer (or several) that's online all the time. Then you don't need to make sure you're online regularly enough and can make do with much shorter locktimes.
Then again, you'd probably want to keep your computer online, since that allows you to collect fees for routing other people's transactions through your own channels.
@_date: 2015-06-08 23:52:21
The additional dimension can have quite a bit of an effect on the distances inside the chip. Shorter wires means less heat and/or higher clocks.
smaller components shrinks the distance by itself, but being able to pack transistors vertically instead of horizontally allows for much more transistors in the same area.
@_date: 2015-12-15 17:05:40
Bitcoin also has third parties. You just don't know who it is in advance and they don't know who you are. They're called miners.
It's simple, it's better than credit card because it's trustless. Bank needs to be trustworthy and trusted because they could take your money. A node in Lightning Network cannot.
In Lightning network, the people you pay through _can't take your money_. The worst they could do is lock your money (as well as their own) for a while. How long you ask? That's something you decide in advance when you open the channel.
Your mom thinks she needs to trust the entity the payment goes through. With Lightning network, there's no need to trust the individuals routing transactions. They can't take your money.
If you open channels to more than one entity, then you can also be one of the people routing transactions and collecting small fees for it.
@_date: 2014-04-21 14:11:29
He actually has admitted he screwed up several times already.
It sounds to me that your real beef with him is that he won't apologize humbly enough. That does make it difficult to believe he honestly thinks he screwed up and won't do it again. It sounds like the only reason he thinks he screwed up is due to the social stigma his action earned him. Not because he understands that what he did is not acceptable behauviour.
In other words, it sounds like he might do it again if he thinks he can avoid the resulting social stigma somehow. That's why people won't let him be.
@_date: 2014-01-17 04:28:08
Being an expert means understanding what is best done with tools and what you can do with your brain. Choosing the passphrase is one of the things best left to tools. You can then use your brain to memorize it.
Of course, it'd be prudent to keep a backup somewhere. Perhaps on paper.
@_date: 2014-03-01 19:03:34
a change to Bitcoin's structure that'd make that possible is a hard fork. I can't say it won't be attempted, but I can say that the original Bitcoin will not die out unless there's a technically superior alternative that does Bitcoin's thing better than Bitcoin.
The beauty of Bitcoin's design is that as long as there are people who want to use the original version, it will survive. Any attempt to change Bitcoin will only lead to there being Bitcoin and the new bastardized version at the same time. After that it's up to the users to decide which version to use.
@_date: 2014-12-09 12:08:22
It's not very difficult to use a modified torrent client that never uploads. Of course, if too many use them, torrents stop working.
There is a drawback to using those though. If the torrent's health is bad, the download rate achieved is much worse than it would be if you also uploaded. This is because of the tit for tat principle regular torrent clients use.
@_date: 2014-12-08 20:19:46
As tipping becomes more widespread, any artist who doesn't share their tips in a fair way with others who contributed will soon find they have no-one who will work with them.
Also, what do you think it'll do an artist's reputation if the people who've been helping him/her reveal how unfairly the profits are divided.
As you can see, the market will solve this pretty much by itself. 
@_date: 2014-04-11 10:49:10
This is a false comparison. The authorize that takes 10 seconds with a credit card is comparable to seeing the unconfirmed bitcoin transaction.
The confirmation period is what is comparable to the time until a chargeback is no longer possible. 
So comparing authorise time, both are about equally fast. No significant differences. The confirmation time, however, is a bit trickier to compare. So, lets take the most favorable comparison of 10 minutes vs 3 days and bitcoin still wins.
@_date: 2014-05-08 15:43:21
There's one important reason Bitcoin is considered separate by many. That's because it doesn't depend on anything but the internet (as in, worldwide communications network) and it's users to exist. Bitcoin is independent in this way.
There are only 3 ways to kill Bitcoin.
1) Find an unfixable flaw in the system that makes it inherently untrustworthy or useless. (no-one has found one in 5 years so far)
2) Bitcoin can't exist without the internet, so if you destroy the internet, Bitcoin goes with it. (Well, certain countries seem to be going this route.)
3) Convince everyone to not use Bitcoin. (China appears to be trying this route.)
That being said, Bitcoin is an asset. That's what it was _designed_ to be. It'll be a part of the overall financial system. That's the whole point. However, it's not just an asset. It comes integrated with it's own independent system for transferring the value as well. That's what that makes it noteworthy.
What is being referred to with "the legacy financial system" are the frameworks built around all the existing assets that facilitate trading with them. It most definitely doesn't refer to the assets.
TL;DR "the legacy financial system" refers to banks and other institutions that have traditionally been used to facilitate transfers of assets between people and organizations. It does not point to assets.
@_date: 2014-02-22 21:53:39
Most likely it didn't happen to many people.
1. It required quite some level of technical knowhow and deep knowledge of the Bitcoin protocol to be able to trigger getting double btc.
2. It was only possible with a small fraction of the withdraws made.
3. Every time it happened, Mt.Gox's wallet would've started making double spend (read invalid transactions) more often. (Yes, they were lucky that it caused their wallet to fail badly)
4. It's entirely possible that all of the double withdraws were initiated by the same person.
@_date: 2014-04-27 08:29:58
Also, if they completely banned it, it'd the same as admitting it poses a threat to them. In other words, they'd be making a statement along the lines "It works too well, so we don't want you able to use it."
With the current regulations, they can pass it off as "We're making sure it won't take everything down with it when it goes."
@_date: 2014-04-21 17:23:40
Your words are ineffective in conveying your understanding because they come with an antagonistic attitude. From your responses in this thread, I get that you understand you made a big mistake. However, I'm not convinced you understand why it was a mistake.
@_date: 2014-10-16 10:14:08
some wallets support an additional password in addition to the words. That's basically the same thing.
@_date: 2014-07-04 17:20:22
How do you know he isn't? How else could someone possible make that much money other than some kind of project?
@_date: 2014-12-09 10:18:24
You're vastly overestimating the artists' independence. If an artist can actually make it without any support crew, then he/she doesn't need to pay anyone. I have no problem with that.
However, the fact is, there are many arenas, such as movies and even music where artists do need services from others. There, no pay no service -&gt; no art to donate for.
@_date: 2014-02-22 21:37:41
Wouldn't surprise me if the software gives a different address for each donator. Most won't bother to go that far, but it does improve privacy both for the donator as well as the donatee (vuze).
@_date: 2014-04-21 13:39:38
trusting a politician is a very different matter than what is being said here. Politicians make a lot of promises _for what they will do_. Matthew's message this time is not a promise. It's advice, and frankly, _great advice_.
When you evaluate advice, all you need to do is consider the advice itself and how it fits in with your own goals. The person who gave it doesn't matter so much. Knowing the person who gives advice can help you spot potential bias in the advice but unless the advice is bad, it doesn't matter who gave it.
If Matthew was promising to do something, then it would make sense to speak of trusting.
@_date: 2014-09-11 10:05:15
Learn to use git &amp; github, then fork the bitaddress.org git repository, make the changes there and commit. Then publish that link, preferably on your site. That way people can get a look at what you changed and won't have to read the whole thing. Remember to also change the README so that it describes it as a modified version.
@_date: 2014-12-09 15:06:08
greediness is a given, of course. Artists will pay their support crews precisely _because_ they want more money. It works exactly the same way people pay other people for support in other professions.
About necessity... If they don't need help, why should they pay for it? Why are you even arguing this point?
@_date: 2015-12-01 03:06:34
The financial industry does not actually need very much space in the blockchain, as it is, currently. The things they want to do aren't directly supported by Bitcoin. However, they will most likely want to use Bitcoin for timestamping their own data. For that, anything more than one transaction per block is overkill.
The data itself can be published through whatever system they want and in any size they want. At least, the prototype will work that way. Once they've got a working system that's been built this way, they can work to get it integrated better with Bitcoin network. It'd just be a soft-fork to completely integrate it with Bitcoin.
Of course, considering the volumes of data they'll need, this might not be possible. Even a soft-fork requires a supermajority to actually be useful. So it could well be that the system will end up being only half-married to Bitcoin blockchain. This would mean that Proof of Work timestamping comes from Bitcoin while validation, storage and network capacity is arranged some other way.
@_date: 2014-05-18 14:35:14
As someone who was actually present, I can tell you there were people almost rolling on the floor with laughter all over. But most of them were behind the camera in this video.
@_date: 2014-06-16 11:15:56
It'd probably make sense to have BIP38 password protected paper wallets in your wallet at all times.
* It's offline storage, so it's safe in case your phone wallet gets hacked. 
* It's also password protected so simply stealing it won't get anyone anything.
* You can also make multiple copies of each and keep them in different places so losing them is not an issue.
@_date: 2014-03-06 15:50:47
These methods do not add much entropy to the passphrase. If you use a whole mountain of information, then it'd work. But ... why? 12 words will be easier to remember and will be secure if you use a truly random method for choosing them.
@_date: 2014-04-24 09:13:20
No, they actually do not possess the power to prevent their own irrelevance. They can slow it down an insiginificant amount but that's it.
@_date: 2014-07-14 15:38:07
It's no vacation. It's one the simplest possible example cases for the framework they've developed. Also, don't fool yourself into thinking this is only useful for games. There are many potential applications with actually useful uses.
@_date: 2014-08-13 15:08:41
What I can do with Bitcoin that I can't do with cash? Well, if you've got cash and you wish to buy a beer for someone who's in Berlin at Room 77. Can't do it. With Bitcoin, you can. Simple as that.
To put it in more straight terms. You can't give the cash to anyone who is not physically there with you. Bitcoin, you can give to anyone you can communicate with.
If you don't think this matters, I'm baffled why you ever got involved with Bitcoin at all.
Also, as a side note, there are altcoins brewing that have the potential to offer real anonymity, not just pseudonymity. For example, Monero. However, the technology still needs refining as the anonymity makes it quite a bit more difficult to make it work with huge amounts of users.
@_date: 2014-08-25 19:13:42
It's related to bitcoin because this kind of news helps highlight the good things bitcoin can be used for. And more so, _is used_ for.
@_date: 2014-09-08 21:21:06
In what uncomfortable position do you need to read my text to interpret a part of it as "ask if the pirates will be nice enough"? It's not relying on the pirates being nice. It's relying on them to see a good deal where one is to be made.
My main point was that you *don't need* the giant hammer the copyright law gives you. The internet has changed the playing field so that the artist can have the upper hand if he/she knows how.
The goal of what I described is not to make pirate merchants vanish. Rather the goal is to ensure that any fan who wants to support the artist and enjoy the art in a format they want, is able to do both.
If your definition of solving the pirate issue is no pirating at all, please come out of your dream bubble. That's just not realistic without a police state and possibly not even then.
There's no point in vilifying pirates. Glorify people who support the artist instead.
As for OpenBazaar. It's a system whose usefulness will grow with increasing adoption. I don't know if OB will be the marketplace of the future or not, but it certainly has the potential.
OB is more of a marketplace protocol rather than a marketplace in itself. The openness of it allows anyone to both participate as well as make use of the market data. It could well become something I'm not even able to imagine yet.
As for why someone should use it. It's an additional channel that will reach some audience unreachable through the other options you listed. Whether it reaches enough people to be worthwhile to use, I ca't say.
For example, I know several who've actually deleted their facebook accounts. They prefer not giving so much information about themselves to facebook.
@_date: 2014-10-16 09:55:08
First of all, I have no clue as to what you think is wrong with these authors.
Regardless, I should remind you what the letters BIP stand for. It's Bitcoin Improvement _Proposal_. They're proposals that won't get adopted unless there's a wide agreement that they're worth adopting. They also get comments from other developers and are are usually edited as necessary. This process makes it rather irrelevant who originally wrote the BIP.
@_date: 2014-01-28 07:41:00
You must be pretty young. Banks tends to have a habit of giving young people preferential treatment. That is, until they go above certain age (or just don't notice the minefield in advance) after which it becomes quite expensive.
Also, individuals are generally charged very little while companies  pay double. At least in Finland, bank services are almost free for individuals but companies are charged 10-50 cents for each received _and_ each sent transfer.
I believe banks do this because the effect is that most individuals end up thinking banks are almost free while still paying through their nose for the services in reality.
@_date: 2014-01-21 13:43:23
If those businesses are using Bitpay, it's Bitpay who decides the exchange rate, not the business itself. Makes me wonder if you're just looking at Mt.Gox exchange rate and thinking that's the real exchange rate. Mt.Gox exchange rate is higher because Mt.Gox dollars are worth less due to the long delays involved in withdrawing them.
@_date: 2014-04-24 09:17:52
... I can't tell if you think moonsteading is going to happen or not.
@_date: 2014-12-08 20:36:28
If it really is WB's or Sony's cut that makes the artist's popularity possible, then the artist will not have a problem sharing a fair portion of his/her income with them.
If they disagree on what fair is, well, the artist simply won't be getting their help in the future and will have to look elsewhere.
Of course, this was written assuming direct donations to artists become the norm. WB and Sony also have  a possibility to earn something directly through this model, but they do have to clear their imago as evil corporate leeches first. Probably not possible unless they stop trying to stomp on their customers. People will only donate if they think that money will go towards things they want (or are at least ok with the idea) to support.
@_date: 2014-04-11 19:36:33
If it keeps happening over and over, people will wise up to it and it'll stop being effective.
@_date: 2014-09-07 19:09:41
The only way that you could even hope to do better would be to distribute the coins equally to as wide a population as you can.
Unfortunately, it'd essentially boil to the same thing. Most would sell them for whatever they can get for them. For them, they're not trustworthy, better get something for them now. Better than nothing later. 
So, we'd end up with those who realize the potential getting rich as they system starts being recognized for it's usefulness. Very much the same as with Bitcoin. If you want a strictly limited supply, there's just no way around this. It'll be cheap before it'll be expensive.
Even the people who recognise the potential wouldn't want to buy them at the price they expect them to be worth in the future. They'd be mad to be that certain of it.
The only way that I know of to avoid this would be to expand the number of units in existence as a way to keep the price stable. Which brings us the problem of who to give them to.
@_date: 2014-12-27 19:44:46
From what I know, pruning is not being offered due to fears of it causing problems for new nodes being unable to bootstrap through bitcoin network itself.
I guess it's on hold until someone manages to create a working implementation that can prune without this being an issue.
There are some proposals that would seem to work at first glance but all that I'm aware of are ones that'll blow up easily if someone with malicious motives decides to abuse their weaknesses.
@_date: 2014-01-21 09:57:01
Right now, yes, you're correct. It'd be madness to give out loans denominated in bitcoins.
However, eventually, Bitcoin will reach a saturation point after which the value will be at least as stable as the biggest currencies are today. There's only a limited amount of room for bitcoin to expand. Once that room is exhausted, the rate of value increase will drop to sensible levels.
The reason for the high volatility today is that opinions for what the saturation point is are wildly different among different people.
@_date: 2014-10-15 23:26:02
It seems the is_new_seed uses a hash based checksum mechanism. So, you don't encode the checksum into the word choices but rather into the hash that results  from hashing the words.
It's a clever way to add checksum without a wordlist dependence but does seem to differ from the standard.
edit: It also makes it extremely tedious to try to pick the words for the passphrase yourself, which is excellent. With this it's actually less work to take a randomly generated passphrase and memorize it than it is to find one with your own word choices that works :) Should drastically reduce the number of people who do that and lose their coins.
@_date: 2014-04-27 09:26:50
I think the multi-sig greenaddress method works better. Basically, you pick a green address provider and form a 2 of 2 multi-sig address with one address from your wallet and the greenaddress provider's public address.
The greenaddress provider will sign any half signed transaction it's sent as long as the transaction is not a double spend of an earlier transaction signed by the greenaddress provider.
This way, as long as the merchant trusts  the greenaddress provider, they can accept transactions made this way with 0 conf.
@_date: 2014-04-19 15:22:49
Yes, it keeps the people who can't be bothered to do research for themselves away from bitcoin and thus contributes to the stability of the exchange rate. Stabler exchange rate in turn will help convince those who do their own research that Bitcoin is a worthwhile system.
@_date: 2014-06-19 19:03:03
My point is that the same social mechanisms that keep people from using stolen credit cards in this way today will suffice. I'm sure it happens to some extent but it's rare enough to not matter much.
@_date: 2014-01-29 09:14:13
No-one has attempted to push through a controversial enough change that would make that happen yet. Short term forks have happened when a new version turned out incompatible with the old one. Those didn't last long though.
Instead, we do have plenty of altcoins. But they're not forks of the bitcoin network in terms of blockchain. They're forks of the bitcoin codebase, but do not share any blockchain data with bitcoin network.
@_date: 2014-06-19 13:51:55
It's the same problem with credit cards, really. Except, with credit cards, the "double spend" (well, they call it chargeback) can come weeks later. At least with bitcoin, it has to come in a few minutes if it's to come.
I doubt very many will try to double spend small payments in face to face payments. It doesn't happen with credit cards. I see no reason why it'd happen with bitcoin.
TL;DR There are types of transactions for which the "technically unsafe" in 0-conf transactions doesn't matter. There are other methods to discourage it.
@_date: 2014-10-27 18:51:49
Even with 6% markup, I'm pretty sure there are many that are only barely profitable. Could even be making a loss, depending on the location and it's rent.
@_date: 2014-12-12 18:58:10
I only have a very superficial understanding of cryptography but I do know how HD wallet generation works. Basically, this would depend on HMAC-SHA-512 as that's the algorithm used to extend the seed into a series of private keys.
Given that HMAC and SHA-512 are considered by experts to be secure, I wouldn't be too worried.
@_date: 2014-01-28 11:59:30
Unless it's an overwhelming majority that agrees, the result will be a network splitting into two networks that are then separate networks.
If the change is uncontroversial, that is, a change that is not strongly resisted by a sizable number of users, then you can likely make do with a simple majority.
However, if even 5% of the users want to drag in their heels to prevent the change, the network will split and there will be two networks in it's place. Of course, it could also happen that these people would just sell their coins and then buy into an altcoin (whether brand new or pre-existing one) that promises to continue the "old way".
@_date: 2014-09-04 10:56:27
I hear that's coming in the next version.
@_date: 2014-03-16 12:19:53
I see you have no intention of helping correct that "elementary misunderstanding". Unfortunately, I can't do it for you, since I have no idea why you think it's a misunderstanding. I can see it being incomplete understanding, but not a misunderstanding.
@_date: 2014-04-21 14:17:11
Unless you can demonstrate that you truly understand why people are pissed off with you, I expect this will follow you for the rest of your life. 
@_date: 2014-06-14 16:00:12
While I did grin widely reading that, I do have to point out that I disagree. The quote doesn't discuss people in the way it means small minds discuss people.
Small minds discuss about individual people. This quote discusses people's discussions in general. There's also no specific event it discusses, so I'd have to conclude that the quote actually does discuss an idea.
@_date: 2014-08-16 07:33:18
The only thing it means for SURE is that someone found out your wallet identifier code. Possibly also password, although I'm not sure if blockchain.info requires password before sending you 2 factor SMS.
In any case, if you've still got bitcoins in that wallet, it might be a good idea to relocate them.
That being said, If you plan on using Bitcoin, it's worth making the effort to keep at least one computer with a good security hygiene.
@_date: 2014-02-09 12:39:22
Do you seriously think they'd dare to upset banks?
edit: or anyone else with enough influence to shaft them in the rear.
@_date: 2014-04-21 14:29:44
It's not really good or bad. It just is. In the long run it won't make much of a difference.
Edit: Bitcoins image is irrelevant. Why? Simply because it's not a company or organization. It's a technology. What image does cellphone have? What image does car have? These questions sound weird, don't they? Talking about Bitcoin's image is equally weird.
@_date: 2014-03-25 21:58:33
Sounds like you were unlucky enough to bump into a really clueless security person who's only heard the term bitcoin in regards to drugs.
From your story, you can just hear him thinking "what a catch! I'll grab this guy for drugs and get promotion!" or something like that. The drug test he made you take at the end underlines that.
He believed he'd get you with that test and most likely felt really humiliated when you tested negative.
@_date: 2014-07-12 11:23:39
If you wait until a transaction gets confirmed, you're safe from anyone without massive mining capacity in their control. Even though the channel is centralized doesn't mean bitcoin's security model goes out the window.
@_date: 2014-02-20 11:19:50
It's good to remember that Bitstamp employees are mostly not native english speakers. Subtle differences in meanings can be difficult to catch for a non-native.
@_date: 2014-11-22 23:04:54
It's interesting that discussions about this focus on money. Money is a means of transferring claims to resources (things, work, etc) between people. Not valuable in and of itself. If you try to redistribute wealth from rich to poor through money, the effects will end up short lived. This is because the flow of money is structured by who owns the truly valuable assets.
For this reason, I'm inclined to support implementing UBI by legislating a fixed percentage of every company as owned by the people and directing the dividends from all those companies to the people as UBI. This means the UBI will shrink if population grows or the companies make less profit.
What I'm still undecided about is the percentage. So far I've been thinking about 10%. I don't think it should be high because that would discourage self-interested investing.
(Yes, I'm aware that this has similarities with communism. If you set the percentage to 100%, it becomes communism. With percentages less than that, it combines a bit of both.)
@_date: 2014-07-23 15:59:58
The wallet only keeps records of the balances of it's own addresses. Other transactions are kept as separate transactions in a huge list and there is no way to look up all transactions for a certain address without scanning through the whole list.
@_date: 2014-10-16 20:41:26
There's no reason governments couldn't have the exact same controls on lending they have now. The lending you speak of would be done by organizations that are very much regulatable. They certainly can't regulate bitcoin itself, but any centralized organization can't avoid it. Your argument that there'd be no checks and balances on lending is thus incorrect.
@_date: 2014-09-14 22:45:21
Whether or not to use coinbase's wallet or set up your own wallet depends on whether you want to own actual bitcoins or if you want to "own" coinbase's "I agree to owe you X bitcoins" statement.
If you want to trust coinbase, then sure, use them. If not, make your own wallet and make sure you store it securely.
@_date: 2014-09-11 08:36:31
Sounds more like a personal opinion than a PR statement. I wouldn't put any weight on it. Most certainly wouldn't assume it's got any official weight whatsoever.
@_date: 2014-12-10 13:39:04
There's only a set amount of bitcoins created every day. It's basically a lottery between miners who gets the reward for each block. Each calculated hash can be likened to one lottery ticket.
Thus, the more people are mining, the less each miner will get. The practical result of this is that mining will tend towards producing barely enough to be worth doing with the best practises.
@_date: 2014-03-06 15:58:42
The problem with using the file created by bitcoin-qt is that it's obvious what it's for. One of your private files combined with a good password is a very stealthy approach. No-one can tell there are bitcoins stored with that file unless you've told them.
You could say it's a way of hiding your bitcoins in plain sight.
@_date: 2014-02-09 09:09:35
I don't really see a reason for mtgox to need to keep their cold storage address hidden. I would think it'd allay a lot of fears if their cold storage addresses were public.
@_date: 2014-06-19 14:38:52
This scenario is plausible only if bitcoin network confirmations become untrustworthy for some reason.
Alternatively, regulation might require merchants to only accept bitcoin payments through an authorized green-address provider. Pair this with KYC and AML for the authorized providers and poof, there goes anonymity for anyone wanting to buy things from that country.
@_date: 2014-05-29 11:37:40
Miners aren't important in the event of a change to the hashing algorithm. Only that there are enough miners, old plus _new_ to provide adequate security.
The old miners who don't like the change can keep mining the old system that ends up worthless but it doesn't matter if no-one cares about them enough to stick with the old system.
@_date: 2014-06-19 14:06:01
I fail to see how $10k is a small payment.
@_date: 2014-01-30 17:34:10
Ok, two points.
1. Bitcoin replacing the dollar is ambiguous expression. There are multiple senses in which it can be understood.
For example, it could be understood as Bitcoin taking dollar's place as the reserve and international trade currency globally.
2. To me, what is wrong with dollar (as well as other fiat currencies) is that there's a centralized entity that can make more at will. I can't see a way to fix that without turning dollars into something that's functionally equivalent to bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-11-21 15:56:24
Your lack of imagination is in no way a sufficient argument for UBI and Bitcoin being incompatible. SebastianMaki sufficiently explained in what ways your imagination was insufficient, so I won't touch on that.
However, I suspect you've misunderstood what it means to add more decimals to Bitcoin, because what you're saying makes no sense.
Currently the maximum number of bitcoins is a little under 21 million and each of them is divisible into 100 million satoshi.
Suppose we add 8 decimals of accuracy to the division. We will then have 21 million bitcoins each divisible into 100 million satoshi. However, now each satoshi is now _also_ divisible into 100 million shi (I just made up a name for the unit).
This upgrade can be done without changing the number of bitcoins anyone has. The only thing that changes is that after the upgrade you can now send smaller amounts than 1 satoshi.
Exactly what about this would cause inflation? I fail to see it.
@_date: 2014-04-24 09:05:23
Online banking is equally susceptible to this very same thing. The main difference is in how simple it is to get away with the stolen money. I'd expect it takes somewhat more effort in the online banking case.
In the long run, you're going to need to be careful to use a secure system for dealing with anything valuable online. There is no way around it. Bitcoin doesn't have it worse than the banks.
Also, considering that we're only beginning to see Bitcoin's potential benefits starting to be used, it wouldn't surprise me if it turned out Bitcoin actually has an edge over banks in this front.
@_date: 2014-12-18 19:14:51
There's a simple way to improve the situation if central control is what worries you. Set up a non-profit with the purpose of paying for a developer to work on Bitcoin Core and find people willing to fund it regularly.
200 people each giving $25 each month to the non-profit could easily pay for a good developer full time.
Edit: Also, in open source projects, control moves hands fast when users use their ability to choose. Control in the hands of a few is not as big of a problem as it might seem because they'll lose it fast if they abuse it too much.
@_date: 2014-09-04 10:54:48
There are some cases when the fees aren't voluntary. Mostly due to the anti-spam rules that are there to make sure spamming the blockchain with meaningless transactions is expensive.
Many light weight wallets won't make a transaction without a fee. This is because they can't make the calculations to determine if the transaction requires a fee or not. They err on the side of paying fees but working always rather than not paying and sometimes not working.
@_date: 2014-07-07 19:52:21
I'm probably feeding a troll here, but... oh well here goes.


I see, so you intend to solve it by starting a new bank-like company? Good luck with that :P
Edit: Oh, and it _would_ be proof of stake with constant 100% "attack" going on from your company.
@_date: 2014-02-03 21:19:06
Well, yes and no.
The price has stabilized because the people with fiat money in exchanges or bitcoins are starting to agree what the right value at this moment is. In other words, very few of them believe the value will move extremely sharply anytime soon, so they're content to wait and see.
So, it's not a question of whether or not there is trading going on but rather that we now have an implicit agreement on what the value should be.
@_date: 2014-03-10 14:57:25
Bitcoin transactions don't record an IP address in them. It's not possible reliably pinpoint where the transaction came from.
They are most likely using the IP-address they get from you when you login to their site and request a deposit address.
@_date: 2014-06-15 19:02:04
It means they don't need to ask for more to hedge for volatility as they could convert immediately and have no volatility. Hence, they're asking for more for other reasons.
@_date: 2014-08-23 15:01:05
If they don't, I doubt the site will exist for long. CC companies don't like stores that attract a lot of stolen credit card use.
@_date: 2014-07-01 20:28:26
only the interface, really.
@_date: 2014-08-23 15:25:50
The mining systems in use today are single purpose systems that are rather useless for anything else. Any general benchmark would put their power at most around the level of a weak smartphone and that's only because they require a general processor as a control device.
Most of the electronics contained in them is utterly useless for anything else but bitcoin mining. So, in any other benchmark, any one of the supercomputers would wipe the floor with the entire current bitcoin network.
For Bitcoin mining, however, a single Bitcoin mining system can outperform any supercomputer when it comes to power efficiency and will outperform most supercomputers even in raw computing power as well.
@_date: 2014-03-05 07:53:44
This has more to do with Windows than Bitcoin. Even though it's better than it used to be, Windows is still one of the more insecure operating systems. Although, granted, the user's lack of security hygiene tends to be the biggest factor in getting hacked.
@_date: 2014-09-04 08:56:51
Actually, even with a fee there's no guarantee by anyone. Of course, if it doesn't get accepted, you don't pay the fee either. The fee just makes it much more likely your transaction will confirm fast.
Most cases where a transaction never confirms aren't fee related though. There's usually something else wrong with the transaction. For example, sloppy wallet software making a transaction where the change output is dust and thus ends up shunned by most miners.
There is no technical requirement for the fee. In practise, I wouldn't try to skip the fee unless I really didn't mind waiting possibly days for the confirmation. There are times when the network is congested and transactions start being confirmed in the order of fees.
@_date: 2014-09-09 14:07:38
maybe they're not in your inbox but in your spam folder :P
@_date: 2014-12-20 22:07:10
The Democracy you speak of is, at the best, the dictatorship of the masses.
But the thing is, the number of laws would diminish radically if the burden on enforcing the laws were put on those who support them. If people were given the choice, they would stop funding laws they don't really think are necessary.
Currently, people support all kinds of laws because it won't directly cost them, so they live in the illusion that laws are free to make. Simply because it's somebody else's problem to enforce them.
Of course, for this model to work, the taxation model and perhaps economic model as well would need a serious revamp. I'm not quite certain how to design such a system though.
@_date: 2014-01-19 11:48:40
It's not the absolute hashing power that matters but rather the power efficiency. That is, how many hashes it can do per watt of power consumed.
The first ASICs were manufactured with older fabrication techniques, which make less power efficient and slower chips but you'll get them to market faster and cheaper. When ASICs first started being designed, it didn't make sense, given the exchange rate, to invest into the more cutting edge fabs.
There are new ASICs being made with cutting edge manufacturing processes that will start being shipped sometime during spring 2014. Those ASICs have ... well, perhaps not long term but mid term potential too.
Still, the market being what it is, the short term potential dwarfs the mid or long term potential these devices have so that is how they'll be priced.
The miners devalue rapidly because there's a fixed amount of bitcoins available each day and it'll be divided between miners based on their hashrates. So, the more profit there is to be made, the faster the difficulty will increase and reduce the profit.
@_date: 2014-01-28 07:13:23
Traditional centralized, monolithic, etc governments do not recognise any other kind of organization. Thus it's impossible to represent Bitcoin to them in any other way.
Anyone can start a foundation as long as the name they want for it has not been taken yet. Thus, a (largish) group of people thought it was needed and put it together. That's why it exists.
@_date: 2014-04-11 19:35:15
Frankly, if someone is accepting credit card transactions, it makes no sense to insist on waiting for confirmations on small purchases. It's just a matter of education.
@_date: 2014-07-12 14:55:46
At least in Finland, there are plenty of those already. At least every vending machine that takes payment through cellphone companies is already like that for those payments. No way to reverse the charge on your phone bill after calling.
@_date: 2014-02-16 23:13:32
Bar licenses are thrown about like candy and they aren't that expensive. Bank licenses however... Even if you have the money, it could be very difficult to get one.
@_date: 2014-07-19 01:34:12
It's actually very difficult to conclusively prove your bitcoins were stolen if they get stolen. From an outside observer's perspective it's impossible to tell if you sent them yourself or if a thief made the transfer.
Nevertheless, it will happen. What should they do with all the people who claim their coins were stolen? Some of it will be fraud, some will be real cases of theft. No real way to tell them apart. punishing them all sounds a bit harsh, you're guaranteed to punish many innocents.
@_date: 2014-07-23 13:58:50
Not good enough. Anyone could easily generate another address with Lefuck in it. If you only check one small part of an address and the attacker knows or guesses which it is, they only need to brute force for an address with that part in it.
For good security, you need to either check several parts or a much longer string.
@_date: 2014-08-25 19:20:23
Yes, basically, using a VM inside a vulnerable system, even if the VM is encrypted is only secure against incompetent hackers and automated malware. a competent hacker will find his way in if he wants to. Although, it's unlikely he'll bother if there's nothing to hint that the VM is valuable in terms of bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-09-05 12:54:10
I can't quite agree. For me the most interesting thing about Bitcoin is the good things it can do for society as a whole. Not crime.
@_date: 2014-02-09 12:41:53
The campaign to destroy iphones was a _reaction_ to the ban.
@_date: 2014-06-03 13:29:12
Also, it looks like apple is going to restrict in which countries users can install the bitcoin apps. For those countries, HTML5 app is the only way to go.
@_date: 2014-04-28 04:16:39
That doesn't matter, if bitpay supports greenaddresses, that's enough.
@_date: 2014-05-07 21:34:10
You know, it's not yet guaranteed that they were wrong. As far as I can tell, the biggest obstacle was that you couldn't legally run one on a public sidewalk in most places due to regulations.
The laws would've needed changing before it'd have been allowed on the streets. But since barely no-one uses Segways, no-one cared to make the change and thus barely no-one uses them as you can't use them legally.
We might very well see Segways or something very like them all over our sidewalks in the future.
TL;DR It's not that the people who thought Segway would take over sidewalks were just plain wrong. They just didn't anticipate that the law was already written in a way to prevent Segway from being useful.
@_date: 2014-03-28 10:11:27
through just the automated repeat, the user would just get their own bitcoins with a little more delay. Without the technical knowhow, the original transaction would remain invalid and thus the user wouldn't receive double bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-01-28 07:24:07
You must have been looking in other places than I did. The bitcointalk.org forums had plenty of people yelling that the foundation is a bad idea (and worse) before it was even founded. The same message has been a reasonably constant background noise ever since then.
Although, granted, lately I can't remember seeing much to that effect. This thread feels like the first in a while.
@_date: 2014-11-06 15:43:20
umm, no, not quite that easy. A very small fraction of bitcoins are available for loan so they can be shorted. No billionaires being born from that yet. If bitcoin becomes more valuable, then possibly.
Not to mention that it'd look _very_ suspicious to the exchanges used. The attacker would get caught.
@_date: 2014-12-09 12:25:52
I'm sure you think this was a clever way to make a point but this analogy fails for the same reason comparing copyright infringment to physical theft fails. When you infringe on copyright, the copyright holder still has their copy of the copyrighted work. When you take a bitcoin or something physical, someone else no longer has it.
Also, speaking of copying. You could argue that everyone already has a copy of everyone's bitcoins. It's a core principle of the bitcoin network that every full node has a copy of the bitcoin ledger. It couldn't work without. The crux is that there's a private encryption key that you use to prove you have the right to reassign certain bitcoins to someone else. Without the key, a consensus about the reassignment will not form and bitcoins will not change owners.
There's a culture somewhere on earth that's used giant stone discs as money for a long time. I forget the name. They're almost never moved, but they are used as a method of payment. When someone uses one of them as a payment, the trade happens in public and everyone knows of it.
The stones themselves are not moved. They just change owners by public agreement. This is conceptually the same system as Bitcoin. Only with different implementation and consensus mechanism. The only way to get the ownership of the giant stone disks is to convince a large majority of others to agree that you own it. With Bitcoin, the mechanism is the same but the ones making decisions on ownership changes are computers rather than people.
@_date: 2014-03-27 10:52:30
That's not categorized into capital gains and has to be accounted for no matter how the payment is done.
@_date: 2014-09-04 21:53:54
I can (and do) still use Bitcoins to buy things, settle small debts with friends as well as giving occasional tips. They're a bit less valuable than they were last november, but that's really the only thing that's changed. The use value is not dependent on the exchange rate.
@_date: 2014-09-14 17:21:40
legitimate is an ambiguous expression unless you also specify what set of laws you want to use to evaluate legitimacy. In this case, the reasonable assumption is probably the constitution. However, it's also possible to evaluate the laws based on the declaration of human rights and such.
It's you, sir, who is not clear on what legitimate means.
@_date: 2014-09-08 20:27:13
To date, I have seen no evidence that would suggest that bitcoin's being used for crime more than fiat currencies. However, I have seen some evidence that indicates the situation is pretty average as far as currencies go.
Thus, as an answer to the question "why is bitcoin always associated with crime?". That's because a) news tend to focus on reporting negative things b) people remember negative things better. Not because of any actual involvement.
I've seen a lot of people speculating that bitcoin will be favored by criminals. No actual evidence. Criminals merely using bitcoin isn't enough to come to that conclusion. You can't find a value transfer system that isn't used by criminals. You'd need to show a bigger proportion of criminals using bitcoin than other systems for it to count.
@_date: 2014-03-25 17:28:36
The absolute amount of paper won't change. However, a lot of the paper that was previously being saved, will also start getting used.
Or in other words. There will be more money in the market because people will want to spend their savings when they notice the value is starting to drop.
You see, it's not the absolute number of currency units that exists that matters. It's the number of currency units that are actually mobile.
@_date: 2014-12-13 12:54:45
Those are the people whose fault it is Bitcoin's value swings wildly. They shouldn't have invested in the first place.
@_date: 2014-09-01 05:55:17
Many people read about mtgox's fall and now think bitcoin is dead. Now, what do you think will happen if they find out it's very much not dead?
Even if it's bad publicity like this (what else do the media write about, really?), it'll get them to realize there's more to Bitcoin than they realize.
@_date: 2014-02-17 08:22:23
You're asking if decentralization is a liability and then proceed to give an example of how centralization is a problem.
@_date: 2014-09-06 13:07:06
OpenBazaar is making selling things easier for everyone. No matter the product.
It changes the rules. The existing paradigm allows (or at least gives a very good illusions of) artists to use a very big hammer to swat at ~~potential customers~~pirates and hoping they and others will still want to pay you after being hit with it.
With OpenBazaar, it can be much more difficult, even impossible, to figure out who to hit. This requires a different approach. There's one advantage every artist has over the pirate merchants. That is their fanbase. Your fans like you, not the pirate merchant.
Yes, that's the gist of it. Treat your fans as your allies. You can ask them favors. For example, you could ask them to promote your official site or even your OpenBazaar site. Then release new artwork as your goals are being met.
Also, don't even think about DRM. Using that crap is treating your fans like enemies. They'll be much less likely to want to help like that. No matter how much they like your art, if the DRM makes it useless to them, they most definitely won't pay. They might even hail the pirate who removes it as their savior.
Why would they help, you ask? They're your fans, they want you to keep creating and publishing great work. These are the people who value your work greatly. They're the ones who'd be willing to put in a lot of a money in a presale too, if you decide to make use of one.
It's also important to realize that your fans could have much better ideas on how to proceed than you do. Don't just treat them like animals who lust for your art. Connect with them in ways other than through your art.
Once you've established your own shop as the number one place for your stuff. It's time to start looking at the pirate merchants. They're most likely very profit motivated and you just gained the upper hand in visibility. Selling or advertising the things they manufacture using your artwork on your official site is an excellent bargaining chip. They just might be willing to share a portion of their profit with you.
There, piracy problem solved with no laws required.
@_date: 2014-04-02 18:14:17
Bitcoin is still perfectly legal in china. They're just doing their best to make it difficult to use.
I don't believe they'll succeed in completely stopping it's use though. As a result, they lose any ability to regulate the usage that remains. Chinese companies will still be able to receive payments in bitcoin, they just can't convert them to fiat in china and most likely can't advertise accepting them publicly.
Although, I must wonder if they're actually serious about this or if they just want to push the price lower, buy a lot and then remove the limits.
@_date: 2015-05-22 12:00:35
In the case of the system I proposed this so called "arms race of mining" does not exist as it's not a competitive system. It's a cooperative system.
In what I proposed, the "arms race" would be keeping the signing keys secure. Essentially equivalent to keeping a bitcoin wallet secure. Both involve keeping certain keys secret to maintain security. All the tricks you can do to keep a bitcoin wallet secure are applicable. Including multisig.
With a multisig solution, the security can increase exponentially as you add more keys. Also, any bank using Bitcoin will have to use similar security arrangements for their Bitcoin wallets anyway.
I'm not very convinced that it'd cost banks less to use Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-17 09:58:05
This is how companies will be regulated in the internet age. Deal with it.
@_date: 2014-08-23 13:29:16
In the farmer's case, it makes no difference what he believes about the moon or moon landing because either way it has no intersection with the farmer's reality. In other words, his livelihood is in no way measurably impacted by the subject. It's just something he's heard about.
To the farmer, these examples are all entirely imaginary anyway, no matter if he believes them or not.
@_date: 2014-07-18 16:12:05
It's also debatable if blockchain.info actually stores the user's coins since they don't keep the private keys in a form that they could read and use, by  themselves.
@_date: 2014-12-06 11:42:19
I think localbitcoins volume is a good indicator of how difficult it is to buy bitcoins in a country. When localbitcoins has a high volume in a country, it means getting BTC in that country is either difficult, expensive or both for many people.
@_date: 2014-06-04 04:47:48
In other words, it's clearly designed to bankrupt less wealthy people who've gotten lucky and are not used to the rules you have to follow when you're rich.
I mean, if you had enough bitcoins to have over $10k in value and had them at gox, bitstamp and btc-e for one day each (and the rest of the time in your own wallet), they'd be fining you for $30k. Talk about fair play.
@_date: 2014-01-17 04:22:44
That just means we were in a peak (as in, higher than baseline) for 6 months. If you trace the bottom of the graph (the one that excludes transaction to/from popular addresses, like satoshidice), you'll find a smooth expoenential curve. That is what I call baseline.
I believe the baseline comes from serious users and peaks are mostly caused by fleeting use due to hype and media attention. In other words, I believe the baseline is what is important in the graph, not the peaks. The peaks do sometimes make it difficult to see the baseline for long periods at a time.
Also worth noting is that people using bitcoin as a store of value won't make many transactions but will push the value up. That means the value will most likely increase faster than the number of transactions.
@_date: 2014-01-18 16:05:44
It does make economic sense to sell them rather than mine yourself. It's very profitable and the buyer takes the risk for how well the investment works.
That's the catch. It's not guaranteed running the miner will make you as much profit as investing the cost of the miner into bitcoins directly. It depends on how the exchange rate develops as well as how many others are running a miner.
If you sell the miners and too many miners get deployed, you actually make more money than you would've made by (just) mining yourself. 
About the long term potential argument. Even if their devices did have long term potential, it wouldn't make sense to mine with (all of) them themselves because doing so risks destroying that potential. If a single entity has half or more of the hashrate under their control, it risks destroying the trust in the system and thus destroying the value.
Most ASICs sold to date never had long term potential though, they were almost obsolete the day they came off the production line. The first ASICs with long term potential are only starting to come off the production lines in the near future.
TL;DR No-one, including the producers of minting machines, really knows how the market is going to move. Thus it makes sense to sell the miners to control the amount of risk you're taking. If I were making these machines, I'd prefer to sell them and buy bitcoins with most of the profit.
@_date: 2014-02-23 02:50:35
With android it wouldn't be that bad because you could still install the wallet software without rooting your device. With apple, it's the app store or nothing. So apple is actively deciding for it's customers that "no, you will not install a bitcoin wallet application on your iphone."
That is the difference.
@_date: 2014-09-04 11:14:41
You know, it's entirely possible, that he is... you know, just ... rich enough that $5 is not actually worth as much to him as it would be to you.
Or, to put it in other words, it's entirely possible that it's not worth the effort to find a cheaper place to save a couple of bucks per coffee.
It's simple math, really. For example, if you get paid based on results (rather than, clock time) and you make around $60 per hour. This is $1 per minute. In such a case, any extra minute you spend not working is costing you $1.
TL;DR Whether it's worth looking for a cheaper place depends on how valuable your time is and whether you're going to be in the area often. If your time is valuable enough, it could be financially incompetent to spend time looking for cheaper coffee.
@_date: 2014-09-11 10:10:23
Sourceforge is a site that focuses on hosting Open Source projects. Open Source projects that need private tickets are extremely rare.
In fact, I suspect many projects would actively complain if they tried to make tickets private. Even if it was just an option.
@_date: 2015-05-25 09:57:57
I'm not sure if I mentioned it before but this design I've outlined is based on Bitcoin, so anything I've not specified should be considered to be as in Bitcoin. So please consider that while reading.
I'm not intimately familiar with SQL Server technology but as far as I'm aware of, it has no mechanism for verifying that data hasn't been (maliciously and intelligently) tampered with. The thing with Bitcoin is that if you get all the data, you can verify it's correctness on your own, hence removing your need to trust the source of the data. That's a feature I believe I've accomplished with this design.
With Bitcoin, this trust is of the sort "I trust that no-one has enough hashpower to present me a forged blockchain". With my system this changes into "I trust that I wasn't given a forged blockbraid when I first started my node".
by the way, if someone was periodically making a bitcoin transaction containing the hash of one of the newest blocks for this system, it'd be technically possible for both of the above to apply for this system. With the caveat that you'd need to also partially verify Bitcoin blockhain to find all such transactions.
I'm running out of time to write for the time being, so as a final note, I'd like to point out that this isn't database technology. This is a protocol spec.
@_date: 2014-07-07 20:07:32
That's the whole point of slasher that you're criticizing. The point is to make it necessary to be careful when you create the block.
It doesn't matter in the long run because everyone has the same risk and will lose some of their blocks to it. It just means that the real reward percentage is a little lower than the value it's set to. It's what business people tend to call cost of doing business. However, sloppy or dishonest miners will get actual losses because they'll get it wrong more often.
@_date: 2014-09-09 08:08:44


Yes, and I was pointing out that it seems we have differing definitions for what it means to solve this problem. I'm unable to figure out what exactly it means for you but for me the problem is solved if the result is a system where artists can make a living.


Handing over, even 50%, is a good deal if (and only if) your number of customers increases enough that you make more profit than before. Very simple. Whether it's sensible to ask for as much as 50% depends on that.
What I explained assumes the goods in question are physical. For example T-shirts with the artist's art on them. For digital goods, there's no way someone would pay a pirate for those when there are ways to get them for free.
In the T-shirt example, the ideal system (from my perspective anyway), would be one where the customer pays the artist directly rather than requiring royalties from middlemen who manufacture the physical product. That way the customer could be sure the artist received a sensible share of the money he/she spent.
In the current model, even when buying from the so called legitimate merchants, you have no way of knowing if the artist is actually getting as much as you think he/she should.
Suppose you, as a customer, see a legitimate shop selling the thing for $120 and another (possibly a pirate) for $60. You also know from a reliable source that they're of comparable quality. Manufacture costs are likely around $40. Handling and shipping $15.
Because you like the artist and would like to support him/her, you are considering the $120 product. However, lets do some math here. There's at least $65 portion of the price that's "extra" on top of the physical service. The artist will receive some portion of this.
Now the, question is, how much? Will he/she even get $10? Are you sure you want to pay $60 extra so the artist can get $10? For me, hell no, I'd rather pay the artist $20 directly and buy the $60 product. There are quite some purchases I didn't make because this wasn't possible.


It's your choice to see them as enemies. They don't have to be that. What I'm suggesting is a different approach. Do note, though, that what I'm suggesting won't reward or help them before they stop doing what you call stealing.
@_date: 2014-06-15 16:20:47
It's not the end of the world, but it's not meaningless either because it does make it possible for one party to orchestrate double spends and/or block certain transactions from taking place.
But mostly, it's not the end of the world _because_ we can do something about it.
@_date: 2014-01-21 13:59:10
Mining will stop making much of a difference very soon. Currently the number of bitcoins is increasing at 12-13% a year. However, every 4 years the amount of new bitcoins from mining halves. So, 7 years from now, it'll be around 2-3%. In 11 years 1-2%.
But mining doesn't really matter for saturation anyway. The saturation happens when bitcoin use stops growing exponentially. That means almost everyone who might use bitcoin has started using it.
@_date: 2015-05-29 15:34:39
It's worth noting that the main concern in this case was to get the disturbance out of the way and fast. No-one had a big attachment to either fork. Whatever fixed the issue the fastest was the primary goal.
An intentional fork is another matter.
@_date: 2017-02-09 22:07:09
This is also the reason for the 11% bigger transactions when using Segwit's P2WSH address type when compared with regular P2SH.
It's not bad enough to be an immediate problem for at least a decade but the safety margin is getting way too thin. 
Basically, if you know one of the private keys needed to sign a multisig P2SH address, you can brute force an alternative payment script with the same hash with 2^80 tries. 
As a comparison, miners are currently collectively testing 2^68 hashes for each block they find. Current mining hardware isn't directly applicable towards attacking the script hashes, though, so it's just a comparison point. However, 2^80 is not a practical impossibility anymore. Merely hideously expensive to achieve.
@_date: 2015-05-15 19:06:37
I can't figure out how that has to be read to come up with a "No."
He's clearly saying that the services by themselves would be profitable but the company is not currently making profit due to investments into building new things.
@_date: 2014-04-23 16:26:10
It's a shame you didn't get that "Oh no, I forgot Australia" part on video. That'd make a very nice finish for the whole video.
@_date: 2014-08-14 19:09:41
Yes it does. Why would you think it's not designed to function as a store of value?
@_date: 2017-02-15 09:40:10
If you make sure the transaction has big enough fee for worst congestion that can ensue, there should be no problem.
I'm not quite sure why not just send it before you go for the trip, though. If you wanted to take the presigned transaction with you so you can broadcast it from the trip, should you need coins in the exchange it would make more sense.
many blockexplorer websites allow you to copy&amp;paste a hex-form of a transaction for broadcast with just a browser, so you could probably even do it with just your smartphone.
@_date: 2014-09-14 15:04:03
You're badly overestimating how important tor is for bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-05-25 13:18:43
I don't think you actually understand the whole picture of why Bitcoin works. It's not just the hash power race that secures the network. There's also the transaction validity rules. The hash power race is necessary for just one thing and that's timestamping transactions, so you can know which came first. If you can get that info in a verifiable way some other way, you don't need the hash power race.
Also, please stop describing this system as private. You're obviously reading way too much into that word. Much more than I intended to say with it. (By the way, governments tend to describe Bitcoin as a private currency, which always amuses me since it's actually more public than anything else)
That's what I set to accomplish here. a public data structure that both records all transactions and provides a way for the public to determine which came first in case there's a conflict. The private part is that banks would control the keys that allow *adding* to it.
Transaction validity rules could be identical to Bitcoin and every client could check that those rules were followed before accepting a transaction. Only transaction confirmation mechanism is different. 
Banks would have a strong economical incentive to not allow their keys to be used to sign forgeries. Allowing that gives the defrauded party(or parties) undeniable evidence that the fraud happened. Banks don't generally enjoy scandals, they tend to be expensive. Especially if they come with lawsuits.
This system lacks a hash power race in and of itself. However, if it really needs the long term benefits from having it, Bitcoin can be easily added to the mix as an additional validator blockchain or alternatively you could require each block in this system to be a valid Bitcoin transaction. You wouldn't even need to change Bitcoin in any way. However, banks would nevertheless retain control over adding new transactions. (Plus, they might have an incentive to pay significant bitcoin transaction fees to boost the amount of Proof of Work this gets them)
This is the economical argument for why the banks would not rewrite the blockbraid. It'd create undeniable evidence that could be used against them. Besides, a single bank could not do it. It'd take all of them, so it'd be far from trivial. The blockbraid contains several blockchains, but they don't have to be separate ledgers. They're interconnected enough to form a single ledger. 
It takes all the banks working together to even try to defraud anyone. Even just trying creates undeniable evidence of the attempt. I find it exceedingly doubtful if such a situation would ever even happen.
In Bitcoin, on the other hand, miners can be anonymous. There's no penalty for trying to double spend, other than the (admittedly very significant) costs. There's practically no risk of getting caught.
Do you seriously think this kind of system would not be preferable from the banks' point of view? As far as banks are concerned, it should be somewhat better than Bitcoin for their purposes.
Or is the problem more that you don't believe the system does what I think it does? I'm also wondering if you actually read my previous replies. I've stated there are multiple validators and thus multiple private keys. Why do you keep talking like it's just one?
@_date: 2017-02-11 19:54:17
Oh, I like that analogy. Payment channel is like an ethernet cable while LN is like the internet. Going to borrow that in the future to get the difference communicated.
@_date: 2014-10-27 18:47:38
It does remove the human element from the governmental/central authority element.
@_date: 2017-02-08 15:43:56
It offers a way for even the simplest possible transactions to benefit from the schnorr signature upgrade. Also, it significantly reduces the worst case transaction fees that you might need to pay if your wallet consists of a huge pile of small txouts and you need to make a big transfer.
I'm sure you've seen people complaining about enormous transaction fees for a seemingly simple transactions. This would help those cases a lot.
@_date: 2017-02-04 19:27:15
Having coins does give you a voice, but mostly through the market. Miners will react to exchange rate dropping as long as it's clear why it's dropping.
@_date: 2015-05-02 08:07:47
There's much less incentive for people to look at source code they're only allowed to read. Without also the possibility to make some kind of use of the code, I'd expect a lot fewer people ever look at the code than when it's really open.
@_date: 2017-02-02 13:16:08
That's very good advice. Still, someone has to try to speak some sense there. I've only looked at it for few days but already lost count on how many times I've been mindboggled about the crazy shit they talk about.
It truly is the place I'd link someone to as the first thing if I wanted to convince someone to not get involved with bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-07-18 15:34:31
I think it's obvious that it's the governments that will have to change to accommodate bitcoin. Why? Because they can't dictate the protocol. They can at most fork it.
@_date: 2015-05-22 13:10:12
DoS attacks would definitely be something that needs tackling in some way, but there are ways to keep websites online in the face of DDoS. The same methods would work here.
There is limited hashpower because the system doesn't depend on Proof of Work. It doesn't matter how much hashpower a would be attacker has. This system ignores hashpower. What controls the creation of blocks are the keys the validators hold. If you don't have the keys, the network will ignore any blocks you create.
@_date: 2017-02-11 17:42:35
I completely agree that with the current situation a gridlock is much better than BU becoming popular. If it results in Segwit not making it, it's a shame, but that's life.
With BIP16&amp;17 it was a clear cut one or the other choice since the changes were effectively the same aside from some relatively minor technical nitpicks. They were both soft forks too.
@_date: 2017-02-02 16:48:42
There have been some rumours about certain mining hardware manufacturer suggesting they might be selective about who they sell their hardware to and that that has been convincing pools to start signaling for BU. I haven't seen any proof about that though, but would explain a lot.
Another thing I heard is that the majority of those signaling for BU are actually running Bitcoin Core that has been minimally modified to signal for BU. Still, this is only a rumor also.
@_date: 2014-10-05 13:16:20
The reason reserves are required is that the money you feed into the ATM is not magically teleported to an exchange and ready to be exchanged into coins. Rather, it takes an expensive service to transport the money, first to a bank and then potentially several days of waiting for a bank transfer to reach an exchange.
In other words, this problem happens  because moving fiat is damn slow.
@_date: 2017-02-15 06:26:51
Your "blatant negligence" accusation holds absolutely no water due to Segwit being an actual capacity increase.


That's an apples to oranges comparison. intentional hard forks that change the consensus rules are very different from accidental hard forks where the rule difference is merely cosmetic.


Even so, doing it hastily is bad.
@_date: 2017-02-07 23:27:08
block size increase will have to be a hard fork anyway, so might as well disable the old transaction types altogether or at least limit their maximum size small enough that it won't be a problem.
@_date: 2014-12-09 12:31:40
There's also a shift of control happening. From centralized organizations (producers) to individuals. In the future, large professional productions will be crowdfunded by people who want to see the finished product rather than paid afterwards.
I also think those products will be distributed freely because they will then promote the team's future endeavors and motivate people to fund them too.
@_date: 2014-08-20 17:45:14
First, disclaimer. IANAL.
Any sensible court will realize that a) the blockchain is not meant to be a general purpose data storage system and b) Anything stored in the blockchain won't be readable without a special purpose software and metadata that specifies how it can be recovered from the blockchain.
Therefore, anyone without the software and metadata to allow recovery of the stored data cannot be considered to really have the data in question.
@_date: 2017-02-26 15:16:34
This activation procedure only works if the upgrade has support from the economic majority. Otherwise it'll cause a splitting fork after someone tries to spend a segwit transaction according to the old rules.
Economic majority is enough to tip the scales because the miners will flock to the chain where they make the most money and if the upgraded chain has more hashrate, it'll be the only valid chain left because any nodes running old rules will also accept it if it's longer.
However, the problem with this approach is that if mining power is slow to migrate to the new rules after activation, there'll be a period during which consensus can partially break down as unscrupulous people try to use the chance to make successful double spends. This very problem is the reason for the 95% miner quorum requirement in Segwit soft-fork.
@_date: 2017-02-02 13:22:51
It was just a bug. Shows how sloppy BU coders are, but nothing more can be inferred from it.
@_date: 2017-02-05 15:57:43
One link between the different networks is all it takes for the transaction to spread to both if the transaction itself is valid in both. There's no guarantee someone won't do that just because they can. That is, run a node that only relays transactions, never blocks.
There's very little, currently, that can be done about it. In the future it might be different though. One of luke's BIPs introduces a way for transactions to say 'I'm not valid unless the longest chain contains block X'. However, that requires being soft-forked in to be useful, which might be rather difficult to get to happen before a hard fork at this point.
@_date: 2015-05-02 08:17:03
You can certainly charge for it. However, it just takes one of the people who paid you to redistribute for free and suddenly no-one has to pay you. Certainly useful for delaying the public release of source code for a little while. Not a problem or a money making machine, though.
@_date: 2014-02-22 09:55:12
Ethereum's purpose is _not_ to be a transaction processing system. It's purpose is to be a framework for programmable contracts.
@_date: 2015-05-21 09:38:06
I'm starting to wonder if "network perimeter security" means the same thing to me as it does to you.
For me it means not allowing "unauthorized" systems on the physical network at all. Which is obviously not required for this system. What does it mean for you?
@_date: 2015-05-15 16:02:21
a physical bitcoin is just an offline wallet. Another way to store bitcoins. Does that mean it's redundant? Well, it depends. It's definitely redundant in the sense that there are many other wallets available.
However, in the case of coin shaped wallets, it looks like it's entirely possible for the physical coin to end up being worth more than the bitcoins it contains.
@_date: 2014-03-28 09:46:28
Chargebacks are pretty expensive, really. That alone most likely consists of a big portion of the fees credit card companies charge.
Certain kinds of businesses are a very common target for chargeback fraud. Any shop that sells things that are easy to resell will see significant chargeback fraud. It's not that uncommon to lose over 10% of your revenue to chargeback fraud.
Why is this bad for customers? Who do you think ends up paying for the chargeback fraud?  That's right. The customer.
When one of these shops starts accepting bitcoin for payments, they can offer the bitcoin customers crazy sounding discounts while still making double the profit they did before.
@_date: 2017-02-26 16:45:41
It's actually worth a read, despite the writer having a very superficial understanding of what people are arguing about. Because it doesn't actually talk about the argument but rather what happens if Bitcoin stays exactly as it is now.
Edit: But I'll write a TL;DR here. Basically, we're going to get a system that's structurally similar to LN but only between the very biggest centralized companies that do business on the bitcoin network and enforced by the courts and traditional laws instead of smart contracts like LN.
LN will be much less centralized than the system that will be born in it's absence.
@_date: 2017-02-05 17:33:35
That requires you to already have enough money to pay for all 12 months in one go. So, while there are use cases for this too, most of the people who want recurring payments wouldn't be able to use this one.
@_date: 2015-05-13 14:38:47
It's entirely plausible that bitcoin network itself will become a settlement network for a network of transactors. Lightning network, for example could facilitate this. The artificial 7 transactions per second limit will have to be lifted eventually in any case, but increasing that is not the only possibility.
@_date: 2017-02-19 19:13:09
The value of a network such as bitcoin increases exponentially with the size of the network. If you divide the network in half, each half becoming it's own network, the combined value of both is thus less than would be the total value of the combined network.
Hence, things will naturally progress towards one network that everyone will use because that's where the best value is.
Of course, that's not to say this network has to be just one blockchain. If users don't have a reason to care which blockchain they're using, then all of those can be considered to be part of the same network.
@_date: 2015-05-21 15:14:44
Of course. However, the security here isn't dependent on any single key. We're talking about a system for banks here. From a bank's perspective, why would they use Bitcoin when they could use something like what I described? This kind of system should shield them from each other well enough. Any foul play will be detectable.
@_date: 2017-02-15 17:20:28
The transaction is less likely to be identified as something interesting in case someone digs through the computer. Also, even if someone identifies it as a bitcoin transaction, they might not bother too much with it if they can't identify where the coins are going.
@_date: 2017-02-03 12:55:20
Segwit is primarily a fix for transaction malleability. That allows lightning network and thus transfers with instant confirmation. We're letting litecoin get that first.
@_date: 2015-05-06 14:31:17
&lt;useless personal conversation&gt;
You're welcome to imagine that I think my expectations govern the world if it makes you happy. Your imagination doesn't govern the reality, though.
Anyway, enough meta-level imagined personal whips for now. Now to my actual point. 
&lt;/useless personal conversation&gt;
Certainly some people will look at the code even with a more restrictive license. However, the code will get significantly smaller amount of scrutiny. Hence, it's inferior to true open source as it'll take more time on average to spot problems.
@_date: 2017-02-02 01:18:50
On the convenience front, Ledger is much nicer. usb-stick with tails, you're talking 5-10 minutes waiting before you can make your transaction. With ledger, you just need to install a chrome app (if you haven't used the computer before), plug it in, type your pin and you're ready to use the wallet.
Also, on the security front you can plug ledger into pretty much any computer and trust that your coins are still safe.
With the thumb drive, you can't really just plug it into a computer you don't trust. The computer might modify the contents of the stick. For example, it might modify the bootloader to load coin-stealing malware that waits for you to unlock your wallet to take your coins.
with ledger, that just isn't possible.
@_date: 2017-02-03 18:06:03
Interesting, I wonder if they're running multiple completely separate instances of their block explorer and you get a random one each time you open the page.
@_date: 2015-05-15 16:59:34
Maybe because one of the main points for Bitcoin's existence is that you don't need to (continuously) trust some third party to do stuff.
@_date: 2015-05-22 15:18:30
This network would lack the concept of mining power entirely. In it's place is a concept of identity. The signing keys owned by the validators each embody their own portion of the "mining power". In other words, the system is set up in a way that certain parties have certain pre-defined mining power and no-one else has any.
Although, calling it "mining power" is a little misleading as the mechanics of the system make foul play immediately detectable and most likely users will hit emergency brakes on using the system if they detect any. The threat model is completely different from Bitcoin mining.
There would not be a longest chain principle because any forks in the braid would be evidence of foul play and cause a network halt. Validators would prefer to avoid that, since you'd expect them to collect transaction fees in one form or another.
Individual chains in the braid forking would probably not be a problem as long as the data in the braid allows unambiguously determining which fork came first. The whole braid forking, however would signal something is very very wrong.
The biggest benefits from using multiple validators are:
- It's then much harder to force a network halt.
- No single validator has complete control over what transactions are included in the system as a whole.
(by the way, there's actually an existing altcoin that resembles what I described even if there are some major differences. It's called BitShares. I suspect researching how it works might be a good learning experience if you're interested.)
@_date: 2016-01-30 05:57:51
Lightning Network will solve this. There's no need for centralized solutions.
@_date: 2016-03-06 21:28:18
You're talking about today. I'm talking about the future. Amazon system can't compete, long term, because it's more expensive for merchants. In other words, customers will eventually see an OpenBazaar that has lower prices overall than Amazon and that's what will eventually pull people there.
@_date: 2017-02-07 18:46:34
Trying to define bitcoin is like trying to draft it's constitution. A technical definition like the one gavin has provided is nowhere near enough for that. It's way too vague on many important topics.
@_date: 2015-01-10 14:32:42
That might help the hacker destroy evidence they haven't found yet.
@_date: 2017-02-15 02:42:34


Your entire tirade rests on this point, which is false. I know it's fashionable among  certain crowd to pretend Segwit doesn't increase capacity, but *it does*.
@_date: 2017-02-09 09:31:00
Of the top 10 coins, Litecoin is the one most technically similar to Bitcoin. So, in the sense of proving itself, it's the most logical choice, considering that it's running almost the same code.
@_date: 2015-01-10 19:08:30
forcing users to use a centralized wallet service to buy bitcoins... I understand the necessity of it for full exchanges but an ATM service should not force that on the customer.
Anyway, for the record, I don't consider a centralized solution as a solution at all. It's a stopgap measure at best.
@_date: 2015-01-17 11:00:17
The first time I heard of the envelope ATM thing, I thought someone was trying to pull a prank on me :P
@_date: 2017-02-12 16:37:38
I've been following Bitcoin since 2011 but so far I haven't heard of any service like this. Even once.
@_date: 2017-02-13 19:27:03
Who knows before he releases the paper. It could be his initial estimates were high. It could be that 5k tp/s was with much bigger blocksize. It could be that adapting it for Bitcoin in a soft-forkable manner makes it significantly less effective. Or any combination of these.
@_date: 2016-03-21 20:01:25
I guess it's fun to make a lot of noise about nothing. The thing you linked to ended up not being an actual problem. False alarm so to speak. A fork did happen, but the reason it happened wasn't a problem with the code.
@_date: 2015-01-10 17:50:40
In proper ATMs, the scanner that validates the bills is supposedly as good as the ones bank use. No point in having cash ATMs without fast response.
@_date: 2015-01-10 17:51:38
I'm not sure why you think there'd be lines. The transactions will confirm just fine even if you walk away.
@_date: 2015-01-10 14:26:57
No, I'm not speaking of selling bitcoins. I'm specifically speaking of buying from an ATM. That is fiat in, bitcoins out. Your wallet reacts to the incoming coins immediately, but you still have to wait until you can send them onwards.
@_date: 2014-08-20 16:01:14
It takes some processing to create a new block with transactions where as you can create an empty block with nearly no processing. Thus, most miners mine an empty block while they build the new block with transactions. Rarely the empty block becomes the next block (that's why they mine that rather than staying idle).
Also, most mining hardware doesn't support stopping a work run in the middle, so they'll basically work on an empty block for the first 10-20 seconds after a new block.
@_date: 2014-09-09 09:44:28
I'll give you *only* the TL;DR version: 
@_date: 2017-02-12 16:29:38
These services don't exist as far as I know. Most likely for the same reason that it's difficult to find services that allow you to buy bitcoins with a credit card. They go bankrupt or lose their credit card processing deal. Whicever comes first. The reason is chargebacks.
@_date: 2017-02-08 11:10:48
it'd make coinjoins an economically attractive option. In other words, you could both increase your privacy as well as pay less fees by combining your transactions with those of other people.
@_date: 2015-01-17 11:47:15
Well, good luck in finding someone to pay them any tax on those transactions.
@_date: 2016-03-14 23:01:16
2MB before segwit would fail spectacularly. Even with Core devs behind it. Segwit first is much more realistic. At best you could hope to bundle the 2MB with Segwit so it activates at a much higher adoption point than SegWit itself. However, that is likely to delay SegWit itself by a month or two.
@_date: 2016-03-13 09:10:34
ETH is way too immature project to have a real chance at replacing bitcoin in the short or medium term. It'd take at least 2-3 years of development to catch up to what Bitcoin has today.
@_date: 2015-01-10 14:34:54
Yes, if you read what I wrote in the post, you'll notice I outline most of what you said here.
@_date: 2015-01-11 20:04:04
Well, if so, then we'll see ATM businesses with bad validators going bust sooner or later. It makes no business sense to allow people to milk you dry.
@_date: 2016-01-03 14:37:23
Not directly, no. But additional space constraint pressure might convince users to form a consensus on a size increase faster. Same kind of thing in essence. The mechanism is just less clearly defined in Bitcoin's case.
@_date: 2016-03-24 14:51:20
Well, I'm perfectly happy to leave the testing to the core devs. If they can be faulted for something, it's being too careful. That being said, I doubt that's actually the case.
In any case, this doesn't count as an example of a problem with segwit. If you want to show evidence for problems being found, you need to present real problems.
@_date: 2015-01-10 16:38:20
No, AWS just doesn't offer password recovery of any kind. You get the access key once and if you lose it, you're SOL. Very important for serious security.
Also, it's worth noting that using AWS does not necessarily mean keeping your private keys on AWS.
@_date: 2016-03-21 20:03:12
Cleaner, check. Would happen sometime next year, check.
@_date: 2017-02-03 18:09:22
It's better to avoid calling it 'anyone-can-spend'. Less technical people might get the wrong idea and needlessly jumpy about the update. I've seen people with that misconception enough already.
@_date: 2016-03-30 00:01:05
There are all kinds of things that developers might decide to change during testing that they would never change in production. One such thing is making changes that are mostly cosmetic, but nevertheless potentially forking.
Such a fork would never happen in production because no sane developer would ever approve such changes in production. However, in testing you absolutely would make such changes because you know that it'll be impossible after the code is in production.
This is kind of like the difference between the sort fork and hard fork versions of segwit. the soft fork version is structured in a way that seems very strange if you don't understand why it had to be done that way. The hard fork version is cleaner and easier to understand, but it'd change things that are already in production, so a sane developer won't try to do it without an extremely good reason (it's usually the case that such a reason doesn't exist).
This is why failure to upgrade related forks in testing don't really matter. The kind of changes that cause them just simply aren't done in production.
@_date: 2017-03-05 12:00:24


This very idea is mistaken. Coins in the channels are not tied in practise. They'll very fast feel less tied than normal bitcoins to users due to the speed at which they can be transacted with.


It won't be necessary to increase hot wallet funds. It'll be enough to allocate a part of the existing hot wallet funds to the channels.
@_date: 2016-03-28 00:34:37
Schnorr signatures, however, can provide large space savings when used with coinjoin as all the signatures can be combined into one. That means less fees.
@_date: 2016-01-01 18:23:16
You know, I think this article pretty much answers your question. If a little indrectly, but still. 
So, my guess would be that, if some official in Switzerland decides to try to take action to enforce AML/KYC with Shapeshift, my guess is that that'll get Switzerland added to  and all connections from Switzerland to Shapeshift are then forwarded there.
@_date: 2016-03-29 23:28:51
CT is not an all or nothing thing. You can decide which bits of the output amounts you blind and which you don't. I don't remember how expensive it was per bit, but you can probably get good enough privacy with only a few.
@_date: 2015-05-13 13:37:54
Quite sleazy way of forming arguments in this article. They match close enough that you can't tell them for the utter bullshit they are if you're not already quite knowledgeable about the topic. They refer to real things but misconstrue them into things they're not.
(Well, not all of them, strangely. Point 7 is correct and even conflicts with point 5. Point 8 is also correct.)
@_date: 2016-01-01 22:40:59
There's actually no technical reason to use pools for anything other than splitting the profits. Currently pools also build the blocks they mine, however, this is not strictly required.
You could have the profit splitting completely separated from block construction. Have each miner choose for themselves whose blocks they want to mine and just point the block rewards in the blocks they mine to the profit splitting group they want to use.
However, this would require a lot of coding and would probably not catch on fast, if at all. Pretty much every piece of software to do with mining would need an overhaul to work with this.
edit: Actually, it might already be available in some form.
@_date: 2015-05-16 09:10:33
5% isn't enough to permanently damage Bitcoin. Not when it's clear that once that's sold, there's no more. 
@_date: 2016-03-14 22:42:48
Bandwidth and latency are closely interrelated. Latency increases as bandwidth usage grows. However, it's latency that creates bottlenecks first. So it makes no sense to focus on bandwidth.
I think that's what maaku tried to convey.
@_date: 2016-03-04 15:42:52
It's designed to be a decentralized marketplace. It's designed to be used for selling and buying things. OpenBazaar or something like it will be used by everyone in 10-20 years and people will think the way we do things today is extremely clumsy.
It'll eventually be what you use for everything you need to buy or sell. It'll make things much simpler since everything is catalogued in one system instead of the whole mess of disconnected marketplaces of today.
@_date: 2017-03-28 21:49:28
That only works if miners form a cartel and set a minimum fee they'll accept. The problem with that is that it'd be extremely obvious that they're refusing to accept small fee transactions and would make for a rather huge PR issue for them.
However, if the biggest miners, want to increase their profits and not get caught doing it, transaction spam would be the way to go.
For example, let's say 66% of the hashing power decided to do this. Each miner would invest an amount proportional to their hashing power for the spam. Effectively, that'd mean they each pay 34% of the apparent fees. This 34% will go to the miners that aren't participating in spamming.
This would make sense to do as long as the increase in average fees was more than the 34% they're investing into the spam.
More so, by using transactions, they'd be able do it in a tit for tat way, thus ensuring that if any party defects, the spam stops and the defecting party won't get any significant benefits by defecting and will actually make less money in the future from the lower fees that result.
Also, doing it this way, they can pretend it's not them and thus avoid the PR problem while getting the increased fees.
@_date: 2016-01-18 21:13:13
So, the worst that can happen is that you never receive money you never considered trustworthy to begin with. 
If you truly don't accept the payment, then you won't accept it at zero confirmations. If it confirms, however, then there's no replacing it with another transaction anymore. At that point it stops mattering if it was RBF or not because then it's as final as any transaction in Bitcoin ever is.
@_date: 2014-01-22 09:33:35
From a conceptual point of view, it's not that difficult. isolate private key storage, signature service and user authentication from the rest of the system. Then build a simple API through which transactions can be signed and sent. Preferably require re-authentication to confirm any sends as the final step.
They're already handling people's money, so the security should be top notch as it is. They do need to keep people's credit card details secure, afterall.
@_date: 2017-02-04 21:14:32
every person on planet doing 1 transaction a day would mean blocks of around 10 Gigabytes each. That'd be 1.44 Terabytes per day.
162Mb blocks would only support around 6 transactions a year per person.
@_date: 2015-05-18 02:18:00
About those design requirements.
1 - is not necessary. Each bank only needs  a perimeter security around the system that they use to sign blocks. Also, from a technical point of view, the data could be entirely public with no problems.
2 - Correct.
3 - Not entirely "trustless", but not entirely "trusted" either. You could probably even have each bank doing their own chain and including hashes of the other banks' blocks in their. More of a blockbraid than a blockchain.
This design would make it very difficult to change anything in the history unless all participating parties cooperate. If it's published publicly, probably impossible. Or more accurately, any changes would leave proof of the change.
4 - signatures with a PKI algorithm (like ECDSA) would signal acknowledgement. 
Anyone with the data (one of the banks, or whoever receives a copy) could then use bitcoin transactions to record progress on this system with the Bitcoin blockchain and make it even more difficult to ever change the history of the system without it being obvious to everyone it's been done.
@_date: 2017-02-02 21:39:00
Just my desperate attempt to explain away the seeming irrationality of BU getting that much support despite being a train wreck in terms of how well engineered the thing is. Don't worry too much about it.
I just hope I'll manage to pick a good moment to exit if that explanation doesn't turn out to be credible and they are actually really supporting BU and the trend continues far enough that they actually attemp a hard fork.
@_date: 2016-03-19 14:11:43
Well, at least this vote is making it clear that Classic doesn't have sufficient backing to successfully pull off a hard fork.
@_date: 2015-05-16 09:18:56
a private bank-only blockchain would likely not use Proof of Work primarily. Banks would want the blockchain to be invite-only.
Thus, all participants are known in advance and they can simply require each block to be signed by most banks to be valid.
This does not mean Proof of Work is not useful for them. Any bank could still timestamp their private chain through Bitcoin and thus obtain hard evidence for when each particular block was released.
@_date: 2016-03-01 10:39:13
I guess you're just going to ignore what I say, so I'll stop here.
@_date: 2017-03-24 12:07:26
RBF is not a change to consensus rules. It's one option for how a miner might choose which transactions to include in the blocks they build. It requires no consensus and as such is not a fork at all.
Any miner can freely choose whether or not to use RBF policies or not. As such, it's impossible to block. It can only be made less reliable.
@_date: 2016-03-05 21:11:24
Yes, what is needed are better tools for letting the market communicate the way forward in a way that leaves no doubt for anyone.
@_date: 2015-05-18 01:54:32
False alarm, everyone. It's just a public key with a typo in it. Read a more complete explanation here.
@_date: 2016-01-05 00:11:27
8 years of head start, perhaps? Bitcoin isn't even that old yet.
There's also the weight of the trust required. For most things, you can use wikipedia even if you don't trust the information 100%. With Bitcoin the bar is much higher.
@_date: 2017-03-20 16:19:20
LN is not the only kind of 2nd layer solution that's possible. For example, bitcoin exchanges could easily make deals between each other to allow off chain transfers of bitcoins between any two customers of the exchanges. 
You won't block second layers by blocking malleability fix, you'll just make it more difficult to implement them in a decentralized manner.
I expect the more centralized second layers will actually make more of a drop to the fees than LN would. There'll be more freedom to avoid on chain transactions that way.
@_date: 2017-03-29 00:19:44
Didn't expect a reply so fast, but looks like the edit I was writing while you were replying pretty much answers it.
@_date: 2017-03-29 00:09:21
Thankfully, with payment channels, that you need for LN anyway, Bitcoin banks will be effectively trustless. In other words, you will be able to decide for how long the bank will be able to freeze your money for in the worst case. Plus the bank will be completely unable to take your money without your permission.
Edit: What this means, in practise, is that you will be able to use several different bitcoin banks, at the same time and actually get a better service level by doing so. Doing so will also allow your node to route payments for other people, so there's even a monetary incentive for that. This effect alone means that the idea of centralized hubs is moot.
@_date: 2017-03-24 16:38:40
Simply because miners will quickly (in a few days) realize they won't be getting paid enough by mining it and then it won't take long until most of them are mining the old chain again.
A hard fork that's supported by only miners has no chance at all to survive.
@_date: 2016-01-13 14:40:57
A channel can be opened in any state. There's no requirement for both parties to put in equal amounts of bitcoins. A channel can be opened with one of the parties owning all of the money in the channel. In this case the channel is effectively one directional until a transfer is made in that one direction.
@_date: 2017-03-30 09:26:44
It's quite simple. With exchanges, I can vote with my feet. With miners ... Well, I don't really have a choice about which miners I support. I either support all of them (by holding or buying bitcoins) or I support none of them (by selling my coins).
An exchange will feel the effects if even a small percentage of their users vote with their feet. Miners can ignore users until people are angry enough to start dumping their coins.
The points you make are valid, but they ignore the fact that exchanges are very limited in how much they can abuse that power before they start to really feel the hurt. Any exchange that misuses their power badly enough will lose that power.
There's no mechanism for removing the power from a miner who misuses it. That alone is enough to make me favor giving the power to exchanges. Even if it's not perfect.
@_date: 2016-01-03 14:45:45
I doubt they would actually do that under this kind of system. They stand to actually make more if transaction pressure stays high and transaction fees stay high as well. If they relax the pressure by increasing block sizes, they reduce the pressure.
Increases would likely still happen, but as a result of actual fee paying transactions rather than fakes.
@_date: 2017-03-29 12:25:58
LN is not the only possible Layer 2. There are also centralized options. Many wallet services already allow payments between their users without any transactions hitting the blockchain. If miners somehow succesfully sabotage LN, those centralized services are going to start making settlement agreements to avoid making tons of unnecessary on-chain transactions between each other.
Miners aren't really blocking Layer 2 at all. They're only blocking the decentralized version of Layer 2.
@_date: 2017-03-29 08:41:48
If a retailer decides to outsource their handling of bitcoins to another company entirely, there's absolutely nothing that can be done about it. That's already possible even with just Bitcoin as it is today and LN wouldn't change Coinbase's abilities in that position significantly.
I expect Coinbase already is in that position for many retailers. That means they can choose who they will allow to pay the retailer through Bitcoin.
I guess the biggest difference LN would make to the current situation is that Coinbase wouldn't be able to base those decisions on the blockchain analytics data due to the better privacy features LN comes with. However, even then Coinbase could require payers to identify themselves before allowing payment.
LN makes no practical change to this problem and there really isn't much that can be done about it. Other than making sure plenty of alternatives exist that companies could make use of. I think the best way to do this would be to make sure there are easy to setup and use open source software for doing these things with good documentation.
@_date: 2017-03-24 10:00:11
Yes, precisely, hence the BU fork will die.
@_date: 2017-03-29 00:43:14
Bitcoin Bank is not the best word choice here. The nature of payment channels makes them rather unlike the banks we have today. There will be practically no vendor lockin with the LN system.
So, I'll just call them LN hubs from now on. Anyone can start one merely by opening 2 or more channels with other nodes and making sure it's reliably connected to the network.
An individual LN hub can only refuse to route your payments. That's the worst that will be possible. Not much of a problem because there's going to be a lot of options to choose from.
The main difference with different hubs is the network topology around them. Payments to other users connected to the same hub will be extremely cheap. Payments to users further apart in the topology (that is, those connected to other hubs) will be more expensive.
However, by simultaneously using multiple hubs, you get the best of both as you'll be able to pay through the one that's cheaper for any given payment. This alone will mean neither hub will know all your transactions. However, if you also route other people's payments, they won't even be able to tell which are actually yours.
@_date: 2017-03-24 16:48:22
Then I suppose BIP66 would no longer be classified as a soft-fork if it was attempted now.
@_date: 2017-03-29 12:20:33
Such a sybil will be quite obvious to anyone who has been recording ip-addresses of online bitcoin nodes for a while. Besides, such nodes aren't going to be identifiable as being economically important, so they don't really even matter.
@_date: 2017-02-11 15:25:54


Even so, sometimes the contention is minor enough that it's more important to have one of the changes rather than noe change.
I supported BIP16 at the time. Today I recognize that BIP17 would've been slightly better, but even if I'd known this back then, I'd still have chosen to support BIP16. Yes, because I preferred to get one of them in than gridlock with neither.
Informal consensus gauging has the problem that it's difficult to express subtle things like this. There would've been no good way to support both while giving slight preference to BIP17.
@_date: 2017-03-24 16:24:15
UASF is an alternative method of activating a soft-fork. The difference is that it doesn't seek miner adoption but rather seeks to get adoption from the economically important nodes (such as exchanges and other services using bitcoins).
It seeks to upgrade everyone else so miners are left with the option of playing along and still getting paid or quitting entirely.
@_date: 2017-03-29 09:11:53
Let's see, what unstated assumptions might you have that lead you to think that... 
You probably think that:
a) Bitcoin network fees will increase so high that little folks won't be able to afford them.
b) You also think LN won't change this.
c) You think blocksize won't be increased significantly.
d) You think Bitcoin's blocksize has to be increased for fees to not increase to mad levels.
e) You think LN will require a lot of money to use.
Well... With the exception of c, those ideas are just plainly mistaken. Stop shouting bullshit and actually read up on what LN is and what it does. You clearly have no idea what it is.
@_date: 2016-01-30 06:01:55
bitcoin network has no facility for communicating transaction rejection. Whatever text that quote is from is written by someone who doesn't know what they're talking about.
@_date: 2017-02-10 11:34:40
100 million is just about at the limit of what can be assumed possible with just Segwit. They've found ways to solve the biggest problems caused by malleability even without Segwit, but that'd not be quite as efficient. The channel opens/closes would take more block space AND blocks would be smaller. So, in that case we'd probably looking at a limit of just 20 million or so.
@_date: 2017-02-03 12:49:25
The most important feature of Segwit is that it fixes transaction malleability, not the block size increase. However, the method of fixing malleability used on Segwit also makes it possible to increase the block size as a side effect, so it'd make no sense to not make use of it. There's practically no added complexity from doing the blocksize increase in addition to the malleability fix.
@_date: 2017-03-24 16:35:22
Urm, in a soft fork orphaning only happens for blocks that include transactions that are invalid according the the new rules. However, soft forks are made so that those transactions are NON STANDARD from the perspective of the old version. Miners don't include non standard transactions into blocks accidentally. Therefore, there will be no orphaning happening, in practise.
@_date: 2017-03-29 10:39:27
Miners are supposed to be like people who pile loads of transparent glass on top of the transactions people make so that it's prohibitively expensive to change them afterwards.
Is it so difficult to get that if they aren't willing to pile glass on top of the transactions that people want to make that people will find others who will?
@_date: 2015-05-20 12:54:19
The expression you used "hash blocks", while strictly speaking correct, is an odd way to put it. It makes sense for Bitcoin where over 99.99% of the process is hashing. In what I proposed, however, the percentage of hashing would be much smaller.
Strictly speaking nothing prevents anyone from putting together a block. Yes, even in Bitcoin, that's the whole point.
The crux is in whether the system as a whole accepts that block as valid. That's what prevents double spends. So, I'm going to answer the questions reformatted as:
"What prevents the network from accepting blocks from someone else?"
"What prevents the network from accepting a double-spend transaction?"
The first question is easy. The network is setup to only accept blocks that have been digitally signed by certain (fe. ECDSA) keys. From now on I'll call the owners of these keys validators.
The second question takes some more explaining. I'll start from the conclusion. You can trust the blockbraid because the structure of it is such that if any validator allows (ie. signs) a double spend, it'll be immediately obvious to the whole network. As such, they won't do that since they want to keep their "job".
Now, the crucial point is that while each validator makes their own chain, they also record the last valid block in every other validator's chain. So, as long as all validators have effectively (the hashchain effect) signed a block, you can accept it even if you don't trust any single validator completely.
This leaves the event when all validators collude to double spend. If this happens, you will have a fork in the braid, with both ends signed by all validators. Well, this is direct evidence that they're all untrustworthy and will most likely lead to pause in economy while people scramble to get a new set of validators going. In any case, they can only do it once and will get caught instantly.
Also, in this model, building blocks is cheap and there's no competition, so block rate can be easily increased to new block every few seconds.
@_date: 2016-01-03 15:14:31
it's possible some miners are doing it to artificially increase transaction pressure without being obvious about it. Making smaller blocks would be too obvious. It'd lead to increased fees and more profit. At least until the block size increases. That'd drop profits a lot. Rather short term strategy I'd say.
Anyway, I thought it'd be good to remind you that miners don't actually stand to gain directly from increasing the block size in any way currently.
@_date: 2017-03-28 23:42:45
My understanding is that it's mostly sipa's work. However, I haven't verified it from the commit logs.
Regardless, the fact that it went in means that none of the other active developers objected to it. They have a policy of not merging controversial things, so that pretty much means they had unanimous agreement about Segwit being ready and acceptable.
@_date: 2016-03-12 15:02:47
Well, luckily with bitcoin, it doesn't have to be stored electronically at all. Next they'll ask for backdoors to our minds.
@_date: 2016-01-05 13:43:00
I think the point is twofold.
First, the choice between FSS-RBF and Full-RBF is an obvious one, considering that FSS-RBF is pretty much useless for anything other than increasing the fee the transaction has.
For example, if you make transactions you know will take a while to confirm, with RBF, you can actually just make one transaction and keep adding outputs to it. FSS-RBF would require adding new inputs every time and prevent removing of change outputs. RBF makes sense because the resulting transaction is actually smaller than the transaction chain there would be without it. FSS-RBF wouldn't really help enough (if at all) to be worth bothering about.
As for who would accept opt-in RBF payments, well, almost any merchant currently taking credit card payments probably wouldn't really care. No-one in their right mind will try to defraud when the risk to get caught is significant.
Two, as the block reward becomes more and more insignificant compared to tx fees, miners will be more and more likely to just go RBF anyway. Without actually telling you about it.
So, we have a choice here to make the system fail reliably and in expected ways with opt-in RBF or we can try to keep the "no rewriting of transactions" model, which will fail unreliably and unexpectedly at some point, no matter what.
activating opt-in RBF now is the path of least disturbance. Eventually the opt-in will be meaningless too, but that will likely last significantly longer than the "no rewriting of transactions" model could ever hope to last.
@_date: 2016-03-01 09:45:28
Except, in this case the argument wasn't about whether something was true. It was about *why* anyone would commit to a hard fork. It's actually a valid argument in this context. Almost no-one would bother trying to hard fork if it was clear only a few or no others agreed with them.
@_date: 2017-03-28 23:52:37
In a way, yes, but I'd much prefer exchanges holding power than miners holding power. The reason is that exchanges are much more directly reliant on users and will feel the effects of angry users much more acutely.
With miners, the only way to really kick them is to sell all your coins and even then it only works if you do it at the same time as many others and it fails entirely if enough others see it as an opportunity to buy.
With exchanges ... well, if you don't like how one exchange is using their power? Well, find one that uses their power the way you prefer and move your business there. The market will immediately punish them for stupidity. With miners, you can't really punish a single miner, you either punish all of them or none of them so stupidity has to spread quite wide before it makes sense to kick them.
@_date: 2016-01-03 15:17:49
The only thing that's really necessary to verify profit shares is that the coinbase transaction in the share pays an address that the pool specified. It doesn't even have to pay all of it because the value of the share can simply be scaled down if it's less than the full block reward.
@_date: 2017-02-07 10:42:58
Oh this analysis is a perfect example of hard fork vs soft fork. The developers had the opportunity to choose whether the situation will resolve in a hard fork manner (by encouraging 0.8 rules) or soft-fork manner (by encouraging 0.7 rules).
Granted it was an accidental hard fork, but many problematic aspects of hard forks will remain even in a planned hard fork for people who remain unaware of the fork for whatever reason.
@_date: 2017-03-28 21:32:50
so, there were 7 blocks less than average during that window of time.  The average block contains around 2000 transactions and at most 3000.  Thus missing 7 blocks would mean mempool going up by 21000 transactions at most. That leaves 24000 transactions that are unexplained by this 90 minute window.
@_date: 2014-12-20 01:53:48
Bitcoin is an open source project. Open source is very difficult to control because anyone can make their own version and publish it. Thus, the more independent developers there are, the more difficult it is for any subgroup to push for their specialized agenda.
Of course, in Bitcoin's case it's very disruptive if things progress to an open conflict where users need to excercize their power to choose which software controls the network. This tends to encourage developers to work things out without escalating them to the userbase as often happens in open source projects.
@_date: 2017-03-29 16:20:42
merge mining alone won't cut it, but once they're all merge mining it, the 2 way peg can be enforced at the consensus level.
@_date: 2016-01-30 18:27:50
There's no "weapon" to take all the coins without the permission of the other party. There's merely the unpublished transaction that always contains the latest agreement on which participant owns how much of the funds in the channel.
In the event of a disagreement, either party may close the channel by broadcasting the transaction, which will distribute the coins to the participants according to their last mutual agreement about who owns what.
@_date: 2017-03-16 14:25:15
However, creating a version of LN that works without Segwit will require reworking the exact scripts that the system works with. That's going to take a while to prepare because you don't want to rush things like that.
@_date: 2019-03-13 22:45:17
This is dishonest person's logic.
While, strictly speaking, it's not lying to say something that you know many people will interpret as promising something, even though it doesn't, literally, do so, it's nevertheless dishonest.
They key here is intention. When you knowingly say something that you \*KNOW\* will mislead them to believe falsely and then abuse that false belief for your own profit, that's no less unethical than if you had directly lied to them.
@_date: 2017-03-29 00:04:32
SPV level security is perfectly good enough to run a routing LN node. So, the storage space for the base chains won't be an issue.
@_date: 2016-01-12 13:32:35
This sort of thing doesn't stay unknown. It's certainly not good for Coinbase if the information spreads faster, but it'll prevent others from making the same mistake and will motivate people to channel more effort into the effort that ACTUALLY FIXES the issue. Yes, that is LN.
There's no way to make 0-conf significantly more trustworthy in regular Bitcoin transactions. Aside from a complex hard fork, that is and I'm quite sure you can predict how much support that will get considering the controversy in just increasing the maximum blocksize. The only reason it will eventually happen is that it's most likely a necessity. However, Bitcoin can thrive without transactions that confirm instantly, so a hard fork for that is likely completely out of the question.
The analogy of comparing LN to charging protection money is flawed. LN is much closer in comparison to a bulletproof window than paying for protection. Also, whatever transaction fees you'll pay when using LN will be _cheaper_ than what you'd need to pay in a normal Bitcoin transaction, otherwise it'll see little use. That makes comparing it to charging for protection even more absurd.
Moreover, LN development is going slowly because _it isn't a promising cash cow for whoever develops it_. If it was, I suspect we'd already be using it. There's money to be made by running LN nodes, yes. However, those who develop LN are unlikely to ever get their fair share of it.
Are you sure you want to keep badmouthing LN?
@_date: 2015-05-22 19:03:22
This is not direct voting on transactions. The point is to form a data structure that makes it possible to reliably verify which transaction came first.
Let's try a visualization. Imagine a ring of blocks in space. Every few seconds, each one of these blocks gets an extension block that's linked to the previous one with an arrow. together they look like a tube that grows longer every few seconds.
This is what it would look like if the banks all just created their own blockchain and they weren't linked in any way. However, in what I'm proposing, each time a bank makes a new block, that block doesn't merely link to their own last block, it links to last blocks from all of the banks. So, to visualize, imagine an arrow from each new block in the ring to every previous block in the ring. Quite a mess of arrows, right? :)
This forms a set of interlocking chains, which I call a braid. So, in effect, the newest block from any bank is a tip of the chain. The banks only sign their own tips. However, as a side effect, they also effectively sign the previous blocks of all other banks too.
So, how does this confirm transactions? When you submit a transaction to a bank and it gets included in their next block. This is verification from only one bank. However by the next block it'll end up having signatures from all of the banks due to the hashchain effect.
By this point, there exists a hashchain from each bank's new block to the transaction. All of these blocks are broadcast publicly as they're made.
The only way to erase the transaction from history would be to somehow erase all copies of those blocks. The banks could all collude and make a replacement braid without a particular transaction but since they have no way of erasing all copies of the previous fork, it'd be detected and trading activity most likely completely halted.
If a single bank does something similar, it'll also be detected. However, if all banks don't collude, it's possible to determine which banks and blocks to ignore.
The key here is that the banks cross link their chains. When you have two cross linked chains, you can automatically recover from just one of them trying to stage a doublespend. If both collude, you can at least detect it in real time. At least, as long as you can make sure you're not being sybil attacked by the banks (in short, being fed different data from what the rest of the world sees).
@_date: 2017-03-29 00:24:06
I forgot to mention it in the above comment, but using multiple banks the way I mentioned also improves your privacy. The onion routing built into the current LN spec means that the others you're connected with can't tell if it's your own transfer you're making or a one you're just routing.
@_date: 2016-01-01 21:00:39
I didn't say the security was any better than 0-conf transaction. I was saying there are incentives present for channels that are not there for 0-conf normal transactions. 
When you can reasonably trust you're not dealing with a fraudster, which is most of the time, the risk is low enough that accepting 0-conf transactions is commonplace. Of course, exceptions exist. Most notably currency exchange services, which will get ripped off if they take 0-conf.
@_date: 2019-03-13 22:36:27
\&gt; It's important that these people lose their money and stop doing that.
An ideal world would teach these people the lesson required and limit the loss to the minimum amount that's enough to teach the lesson. Also, the profits from that should not go to any individual or for profit entity. That creates perverse incentives to promote the kind of thinking that these people are engaging in.
While I agree that teaching people this lesson is valuable, the way you described is a deeply unethical way to go about it. It has absolutely nothing in it to make sure that the losses are limited and keeping the profits would also be highly unethical. The vast majority of them should be donated to charity. The most that I would consider to be ethical to keep would be expenses plus a fair hourly salary that someone with your skills could reasonably expect to get. Preferably not even that.
@_date: 2017-03-24 16:55:55


That only holds if there are people who would be willing to pay for coins in that hard fork. Otherwise it's of very little interest to miners as they can't make profit mining it. Huge piles of coins with no value don't count as a bounty.
@_date: 2016-01-01 22:05:12
As for what you're missing, my guess is that you're missing the basic understanding of how LN is planned to work. But let's start with your example.
If bitcoin transaction cost was around $20 per transaction, that'd mean that no-one would open a channel with less than $20 of total value in it because there'd be no point. I suspect it'd be quite rare to see channels without at least $200 of value in them.
However, this doesn't mean you can't make transfers of less than $20 through LN. For isolated channels, that would be the case unless you expected to be making loads of transfers through the channel in both directions. LN changes this equation by making every channel such that you can expect loads of transfers in both directions through the channel.
The answer is in the payment routing. You don't make a new channel to everyone you want to pay. Most of the time you just pay through the channels you already have. Same for receiving payments.
Suppose you want to pay your friend, let's call him Bob. Bob has a payment channel with the grocery store he frequently shops at. You have a channel with your own grocery store. Neither of you has any other channels.
So, how does LN help here? The grocery stores might have a channel between themselves. Or perhaps they both have channels with the same supplier. Or perhaps there's just another customer with channels to both stores.
In any case, it's highly likely there exists a route of channels from you to Bob. So, when you decide to send Bob $10, your wallet will search for usable routes, pick the cheapest one and execute the transfer. All without anything at all being recorded on the Bitcoin blockchain.
So basically, Bob will actually receive $10 through his grocery store channel. Bob's grocery store in turn will receive $10 from your grocery store (if they have a direct channel) and you will send $10 to your grocery store.
Of course, some fees will most likely be involved but probably not very big ones. Internal LN competition will ensure they get low enough to be only barely worth charging.
In case Bob wants to pay you, the same just happens in reverse.
@_date: 2017-03-16 14:32:34
If we don't get a malleability fix (ie, Segwit), those proxy services will be needed because malleability will make it impossible to securely do a channel close immediately followed by channel open.
Many things in the current LN design rely on the transaction chain being unbreakable. However, malleability breaks it and thus breaks this too.
@_date: 2017-03-20 16:27:29
The fact that he actually came out and said it means that he's starting to see that he can't actually block it from happening for much longer. It'd make no sense to show his hand otherwise.
With this, I'm quite sure UASF is the way to go. Miners can't really try block it without going bankrupt in the process. Even if they try, other miners will replace them.
@_date: 2017-08-24 18:27:02
There's no effect on the total coins to be released. Just a guaranteed superfast inflation, that won't significantly slow down even with the halving being reached (it'll just double the number of blocks produced per minute in the mania phases).
Oh and of course, alternating periods of no blocks at all and mad floods of blocks will make bcash much less usable for transacting than Bitcoin. 
So, there'll be a long downtrend, after which the security of the system is basically decimated.
@_date: 2016-06-17 09:15:35
There's not much sense in having multiple separate PoW chains because every chain could make use of Bitcoin's mining to secure itself. Also, there's not much sense in every single chain having it's own currency unit.
However, there is sense in having multiple chains to contain separate transaction histories for different parts of the economy. Every Bitcoin transaction could be a block for another chain.
Lightning Network, for example, could be viewed as a network of cooperating separate non-public chains in itself. Each payment channel is a chain of transactions between the participants of the channel.
There's no sensible reason to weaken the things that make Bitcoin special just to get more direct users for the Bitcoin chain. I wouldn't be surprised to see all scaling problems solved eventually without ever completely getting rid of the 1MB limit. This is because, technically speaking, *the system as a whole can be scaled enough without doing that.* You just need to extend the system by adding parts that make efficient use of the core system with the 1MB limit.
@_date: 2017-01-28 16:39:47
Yes, that's the whole point and the message of that phrase. To deny that something is a fact.
@_date: 2017-01-31 02:25:41
The maximum amount is dependent on the channels available to route your payment through. So, it depends on the recipient as well as the route. There's no clear upper limit, though, except the number of bitcoins in existence. However, the first versions of LN will come with a limit in the code for how big transfers it'll make to limit the financial impact in case there are bugs in the code. So, initially, you can only expect to pay for small things through it.
As for fee structure, every node sets their fee as they wish and paying nodes choose between the routes that are on offer. If you set the fee too high, you won't get many routing requests. I expect it'll mostly be a very small percentage of the paid amount. perhaps something like 0.1% or even less.
Lightning can move funds without a need to actually get a transaction confirmed on the bitcoin blockchain. You need to make one on-chain transaction to open a channel and another to close it, but there is no upper limit to the number of individual off-chain transactions through the channel while it's open.
@_date: 2017-08-23 15:39:22
Yep, creating an additional standard for the purpose of unifying standards only makes sense if there's a pre-established consensus from most users of those standards to migrate to the new standard.
@_date: 2017-01-31 10:12:30
all funds in lightning are there as a part of a payment channel. A payment channel is similar to a shared bitcoin wallet but with the difference that there always exists an agreement about how many of the coins belong to each owner. That agreement takes the form of a transaction that, if broadcast, will move the coins to their individual addresses.
Moving coins in the channel means redoing the agreement about how many coins each owner of the channel owns. Naturally, that means one channel can't move more coins at once than exist in the channel.
When you receive coins through lightning, you receive them through a channel. If you have no channel, someone will open one with the coins for you.
Strictly speaking, the ownership of the coins you receive through lightning is already recorded in the blockchain as coins co-owned by you and the other party in the channel. When the channel is closed, the coins get moved to be owned by each of you individually (or possibly straight to another new channel).
@_date: 2017-01-28 16:50:41
I see, improvements that make sense should be tossed because you don't like the people who made them. Well, good luck in life with that attitude. Many reasonable people don't like the taste of the conspiracy nut.
Edit: For what it's worth, the idea that the core developers are the cause of the congested network and rocketing fees is beyond ridiculous. It's the worst example of misplaced blame I've seen in ages. This is not caused by the core developers. It's caused by a much much wider group of people, including you.
@_date: 2017-01-28 18:39:46
the "dao hardfork disaster" proves the point that the developers don't have much power. If they could be considered to be in charge, there'd still only be one Ethereum network.
The problem is that with a hard fork, the majority is nowhere near enough to do it cleanly and with no disasters. They're afraid that if they do release a hard fork implementation and it fails to reach the safe quorum levels, the majority of miners might decide to push forward anyway.
It would be almost as irresponsible as handing a loaded gun to a person who has never seen a gun before.
@_date: 2017-01-23 13:04:07
I certainly could've titled this as "The unexpected quorum mechanics of blockchain forks or how you might be enforcing no fork without realizing it". However, the fancy words in the title would've scared people away then.
@_date: 2017-01-28 13:32:58
Yes, and that phrase refers to things that are presented as facts but aren't. Perfectly logical use of the descriptor false.
@_date: 2017-01-28 19:04:19
You're making the mistaken assumption that every utxo is moved equally often. That's not true. the majority of transactions every day are moving the same coins over and over again. Here, have some data about this: 
Also, the realistic increase was about 70% when it was first calculated according to the past mix of transaction sizes and types. The same calculation done today gives a result of around 110% because the use of multisig P2SH has increased since then. That number is going to keep going up as multisig use increases.
@_date: 2017-08-01 18:38:51
No it isn't. BIP91 existed well before the NYA agreement. It's a method for activating Segwit (BIP141) with lower signaling threshold than was specified in BIP141.
@_date: 2017-01-25 09:48:40
When we get the malleability fix in (for example Segwit), then Lightning Network will become usable in a short order. It'll be limited to small transactions at first, but even so that's like 90% of the actual transaction volume.
That's the real scalability upgrade. Not the 2MB. The 2MB will only give us another year at most. LN can give us at least several years.
Also, you don't have to use LN yourself to benefit. The number of onchain transactions will drop as soon as it gets any meaningful traction.
@_date: 2017-01-28 13:56:08
Wait wait wait... are you saying that Segwit is being viewed as *imposing* another slightly bigger new limit and that therefore it's unacceptable because you want the *imposing* to stop?
... what a strange way of thinking. The core developers don't have the power to impose things like that. If they did, there'd be absolutely no point in pushing for something like BU because it just wouldn't work.
@_date: 2017-01-29 10:18:44
The danger is that there's a group of people who adamantly refuse to do that. The smaller the group is, the less it matters, but it's difficult to quantify how big the risk is, currently, without actually forking.
@_date: 2017-01-31 15:04:28
Technically speaking, such a channel is possible in principle and yes, that'd be the case when it closed. However, channels have the limitation that all participants have to be online for transfers within the channel to be possible.
So, the more participants, the less reliable the channel tends to become as any one participant dropping will disable the channel until connectivity is restored. Closing the channel is always possible, though.
However, bigger channels are likely to have more longevity before they need to be closed as it's less likely that all participants want to move their coins out of the channel at the same time. They're also more flexible because the coins can move between any two participants within the channel.
@_date: 2017-08-24 18:57:01
between your steps 4. and 5. miners will receive lots of BCH that they will want to sell. I expect most of that will be sold ASAP. Each time that happens:
1) BCH exchange rate drops.
2) BCH difficulty will drop lower the next time before it becomes more profitable
3) In the next mania phase blocks will be mined even faster and thus inflation will speed up.
4) Go back to step 1
The number of buyers will drop simply due to the downtrend, which is pretty much guaranteed from the influx of coins to the market.
@_date: 2017-01-26 09:06:57
Sure, degraded version could be created that works even without segwit. It, however, comes with enough warts that it'd be difficult to convince people to use. Besides which, as far as I know, there's not even an alpha release of such a version of LN out there.
@_date: 2017-01-28 18:13:35
Users do need upgraded wallets, yes, but I fail to understand why you're underlining the "move their funds" part. Why is it important that they have to make one last transaction before they're fully segwit? It's a piece of information that makes nearly no difference as far as the blocksize is concerned.
@_date: 2017-01-28 12:11:05
While there is some definitive elegance in this proposal, I don't see it happening much in practice. The network effect makes the new system useless for a long time, which slows user migration greatly. Then again, it's pretty much the same reason hard forks are difficult. It's exceedingly difficulty to get everyone to switch systems. Especially people who won't see any immediate benefits from the upgrade which, for most upgrades, tends to be the majority.
However, there's no real need for doing things the way you propose because soft-forks will get the job done. They make it possible to simultaneously have both the new and the old. Unlike hard forks, no-one gets kicked off to what will then feel like an altcoin (or broken coin in case miners completely abandon the old one). Just for failing to upgrade.
I think soft-forks are the way to go. With the right framework, they can be used to allow the market to decide whether something is worth doing or not. I mean, that's the case even with Segwit. First there's the part where miners agree to enforce the new rules if someone uses them. That in itself means very little, though, because the market might choose not to use it, making them unnecessary. That's the beauty of a soft-fork.
You could even implement a soft fork such that it will activate, then be active for a period of time, after which it's evaluated whether it got enough use or not and might deactivate if it wasn't used enough. This works, as long as miners do this in lockstep and wallet software is built to be able to tell when a feature is no longer safe to use. This could be a useful method of making sure we don't get saddled with technical baggage that's no longer useful.
@_date: 2017-08-11 02:50:35
It'll take some time for the majority of users to adopt it, yes. But so what? We won't suddenly have double the number of transactions trying to go through just because Segwit activated. Growth happens slowly, so it's perfectly fine for capacity increase to happen slowly too.
@_date: 2017-01-25 23:20:30
Coinbase comes with the same shackles as credit card payment processors. They're both creatures of the same system.
Bitcoin accepted directly is the only way to really go around the old system. So if the old system is pounding your behind, that's the only option.
@_date: 2017-08-29 14:03:51
It's live! 
@_date: 2016-06-17 08:50:45
There are certain aspects of the current Bitcoin protocol that are fragile rather than anti-fragile. Scaling is one of them.
I don't think Bitcoin Core team actually even wants to decide on the scaling limits themselves. However, they will because currently, there's no way to decentralize this decision that can be relied on to work.
Also, the argument is not really about whether the limits should be increased or not. It's about what risks make sense to take to increase the limit. SegWit pretty much underlines this since it'll effectively double the raw capacity. They're not against increasing capacity. The only difference in opinion is about how important and especially *how urgent* scaling the capacity is at this point.
As it is, we haven't really hit the limit yet. What this means, in practise, is that the way we use transactions today is still rather inefficient. If we just keep increasing the limit before it's hit, each time, these inefficiencies won't be fixed because there's no incentive.
What this means is that the current level of usage would be possible with a much smaller number bytes being spent. We aren't really arguing about whether we should scale or not. We're only arguing about how we should do it.
This position is a perfectly sensible one. Fix the inefficiencies first. a hard fork shouldn't be used yet since we still have other avenues for scaling left that we can make use of. 
@_date: 2017-01-26 10:10:30
You wouldn't happen to have something other than hand waving to demonstrate the "one central hub" thing? My own mental simulation doesn't lead to a result that could be characterized as "one central hub".
@_date: 2017-01-31 10:15:09
The mechanism for maximum amount is a simple check in the code. If amount &gt; X, don't send, don't route. Very easy to remove for anyone who wants to at any point. However, unless the whole route has removed it, it'll prevent the transfer for amounts bigger than X.
Routes are automatically found.
The point of lightning is to route coins through already open channels whenever possible. So, if there's a route from your channels to the cafe, that will be used and no on-chain transaction is required.
@_date: 2017-08-24 18:47:52
That depends on the size of the miner in question. I suspect there are large miners who could protect their overall investment in hardware by stabilizing bcash by allocating just a few percent of their hashrate to prevent the EDA algorithm from dropping bcash difficulty too much.
However, it's not happening yet because they want to see if it's actually even necessary.
@_date: 2017-08-11 00:45:51
Miners follow the money. If there are enough buyers to gobble up the coins miners are mining at sufficient prices, you'll get the miners. If not, you won't. Not a very difficult equation.
@_date: 2017-01-28 13:31:27


This is incorrect. you only need to upgrade your wallet software or import your old keys to a new wallet if there's no upgrade available to the old wallet software.
Although, if you're talking about transaction fees, then yes, any coins received at a non-segwit address will still cost the old fees to spend. However, there's no need to explicitly do anything, the wallet will handle that transparently. Whenever you send coins, the change address will then be segwit-compatible and cheaper to respend from.
In other words, if you upgrade your wallet, you won't see lower fee the first transaction you make, but there's no need to pay the old transaction fee just to activate segwit in your wallet. You can just continue using as normal and the fees will drop. Most people will start seeing the lower fees starting from the second transaction after upgrade.
(The exception is people who received the bitcoins in their wallet in many small transactions. For these people it could take a while.)
@_date: 2017-01-26 10:19:29
I must have missed the news on an altcoin that's actually being used as payment method widely. With the exception of Ethereum and we all know how brilliantly it's hard fork went.
Yes, it's still alive ... if you can decide which of them you care about.
@_date: 2017-01-21 01:07:10
Miners aren't the customers really, they're the only thing Bitcoin has that resembles paid employees and the value of their paycheck depends on how well Bitcoin does on the markets. The real customer is everyone who makes a difference for the market value of Bitcoin.
The only reason they're not adopting Segwit at a fast pace, is that they're uncertain if that's what the market actually wants. This is most likely due to the huge amount of controversy around  the update. There's a rather loud minority making noises about Segwit being a bad idea.
Even the market is probably confused about it. The amount of misinformation out there is staggering. Most probably have no idea what to think since they lack the technical, economical and political understanding to evaluate the situation themselves in a meaningful way.
This will resolve eventually, one way or another. 
@_date: 2017-08-27 09:22:30
I expect the next version of Bitcoin Core to just start giving segwit addresses instead of legacy addresses by default (possibly with a command line option to stay on legacy addresses, if someone needs that for backwards compatibility).
@_date: 2017-08-25 15:08:28
You'll get an instant 30-50% discount on your transaction fees if you switch to using Segwit addresses for your receiving and change addresses. With the current fee levels, it won't take long at all.
@_date: 2017-01-26 11:24:37
It's important to remember though, that such an attack would be rather expensive if the majority of miners are enforcing SegWit. It's essentially the same as trying to orphan the majority chain with minority hashpower. Basically, you just end up wasting electricity.
@_date: 2017-01-16 09:41:39
If the key is created properly, then it's so extremely unlikely that you can consider it impossible in practise. If the key is chosen in a way that helps with guessing it, though, then it's more of a wonder if no-one guesses it.
The only way to be sure that the key is secure is to have it be properly randomized. Some people take this to the extreme of creating their keys by manually throwing a dice hundreds of times. Theoretically 100 throws is enough for a "perfect" random for a 256bit bitcoin private key, but that's only if the dice is perfectly balanced. (a regular 6-sided dice throw theoretically has ~2.585 bits of entropy if the dice is perfectly balanced.)
Others have spent hours shuffling a deck of cards and then eventually used the order of the cards for the key. (In this case the deck can function as a backup, if you somehow ensure the order of the cards will not be touched.)
The TL;DR is basically that any parts of the key that you choose with the aim to help you remember it will compromise the security of the key much much more than it'll help you in remembering it.
@_date: 2017-01-21 01:25:20
Probably also worth mentioning that core developers are in a similar position when compared to miners. They don't receive a direct influence from the market but an indirect one in that their work is useless unless the market adopts it
It's a rare person who likes to see their work abandoned, especially engineers and programmers. So, they've got a huge incentive to only work on things that they believe are likely to be eventually selected by the market. Also, for the same reason, they've got a huge incentive to avoid making an update they believe will be harmful if adopted, because that will also lead to their work being abandoned.
It's also worth noting that many of the core dev team are long time open source programmers. Which basically means that they care more about building useful programs than money. I don't think it's a stretch to say that they've got a much more personal investment in the success of Bitcoin than miners.
@_date: 2017-01-29 00:18:18


It's also the only other cryptocurrency that even comes close to Bitcoin in community size or value. The likelyhood of a chain split on a hard fork with any controversy increases with size of the community.


The difference is that the King of England had measures in place *that were there to keep him in power*. Cryptocurrencies don't have such measures. That's the crucial difference. The only reason they seem to have power is that people trust them to choose things for them. It might look like power, but it's merely an illusion, because it can be lost so easily and abruptly.
The people who started the USA had to fight and make sacrifices to succeed at it. The people who decided to reject Ethereum's hard fork pretty much just had to ... well, sit on their arses and not upgrade.
@_date: 2017-01-28 20:42:32
I think the simple answer needs some supporting explanation.
For a soft fork, requiring 95% of miners is being extremely conservative. Soft forks are reasonably safe even at lower support levels because no matter how the users choose, permanent chain splits just won't happen. 
However, for a hard fork... well, I'm not sure if 95% is enough, to be honest. Especially since **for a hard fork, it's not just the miner support that counts**. For a hard fork, user support is just as, if not more, critical and we lack a way to measure it with any accuracy.
5% of Bitcoin is bigger than ... well, any altcoin except Ethereum. Big enough that it still leaves a credible risk of a chain split. And to top it off, there's no way to measure what the real percentages are.
TL;DR For a soft fork to be safe, miner support is enough. For a hard fork, user support is just as, if not more, critical.
@_date: 2017-01-28 13:42:11
You know, if I was writing filters for myself with the goal of weeding out off topic and otherwise useless writings, I just might choose to drop every post with that word too. A comment containing that word is almost guaranteed to be either off topic or complete waste of time to read. This is one of the rare posts where there might be on-topic comments that contain it.
@_date: 2017-08-11 01:40:10
The mistake you're making is that you believe the Core team to have the influence to convince the small blocks people into supporting a block size hard fork.
They might have enough influence to convince half of them, but that still means a split if they try to go through with it.
@_date: 2017-01-26 08:56:11
I can't talk for everyone, but using alpha software and risking a small amount of money sure beats the logistical nightmare that is called bitcoin hard fork, which would risk much much more than that.
@_date: 2017-08-11 01:02:31
Mining pools don't actually have to be centralized. It was just easier to implement them as such. So, the centralized pools were the first to market and are still the dominant player. Network effects make it rather difficult for a decentralized pool replacement to gain critical mass and keep the paid development resources focused on centralized pooling.
@_date: 2017-08-24 14:41:45
It's not as simple as that. You're making your analysis by trying to maximize profits on the short term. Miners are in it for the long haul. Long term analysis would have to try to account for exchange rate fluctuations caused by this situation and that has the potential to actually cause more long term losses than any profits from mining BCH can.
@_date: 2017-01-29 10:46:10
Why would they? That'd gain them nothing and cost them a lot. The beauty of a soft-fork is that it won't change a thing for anyone who doesn't opt-in. That's why it's called soft.
Well, strictly speaking, in the case of segwit they'd benefit a little in lower fees since blocks would become less full due to segwit. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 20:48:33
In other words, pure PoS doesn't actually solve the byzantine generals problem for anyone who wasn't present when the system got started. Instead it requires a trusted source for the initial blockchain data. It requires users to solve the trust problem some other way to be able to bootstrap a node.
Hence, it doesn't qualify as being trustless.
@_date: 2017-08-21 08:55:22
Any PoS mechanism essentially degrades into PoW given enough time. Initially the work is analyzing the PoS scheme to figure out what is needed subvert it.
As the analysis proceeds, the analyzer starts to understand how to gain influence more effectively than others and will find other kinds of work that will help subvert the system.
The worst case is that the analyzer finds a way to completely subvert and/or disable/destroy the system. The harder the PoS system is to analyze (as in, understand how to effectively transform it into a PoW system), the bigger risk the risk.
@_date: 2017-01-16 20:30:39
If someone had a way to go straight from public key to private key, it'd be front page news on every news outlet everywhere. That's how big it'd be. Bitcoin would be devastated, but the damage would be felt much wider than that.
The only viable attack in this space is to generate every weak private key you can think of and then watch their bitcoin-addresses for coins. So basically, if your private key is something someone else might come up with using the same logic, it's weak, don't use it.
Just keep in mind that the danger is not from random someones just happening to pick the same private key. There are people out there who're working full time figuring out every possible way to come up with a weak private key and automating their generation and then grabbing any coins they find. They're probably watching billions of weak addresses all the time. Although, that's probably the upper limit of what makes sense to keep watch on. It gets pretty expensive in terms of hardware to expand from there.
(just to convey the sense of scale here. The number of bitcoin private keys possible is a number with 78 digits. Billion is a number with 10 digits. )
@_date: 2017-08-21 14:15:58
Yes it does. It follows a simple set of rules:
a) If you can earn Y units of money by doing work worth X units of money and X&lt;=Y, it'll be worth doing the work and thus someone will do it.
b) Competition will push Y towards X, hence over the long term they will be roughly equal.
The work/resource we're talking about here isn't burning electricity.  It's something else. Exactly what it is will depend on the system, but I suspect the majority of the work spent will be mental labor.
So, instead of computers burning themselves up to secure the system, we will have humans burning themselves up to secure the system.
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:58:32
You've completely misunderstood the point of the OPs post. It's not really to compare bitcoin to credit cards. The point is to laugh at the people making noises about the fee levels supposedly killing Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-01-21 15:13:10
Don't ask me, I don't use it.
@_date: 2017-01-28 12:40:31
I suppose you didn't know that this particular cryptographic cool stuff will help with the congestion and the rocketing fees?
@_date: 2017-01-26 11:44:06
The only practical reasons to close a channel are when
1. You need to open a channel with someone else and only have bitcoins in open channels. You might want to do this to improve your privacy and/or to reduce the fees you pay by optimizing the routes you have available.
2. You need to pay someone Bitcoins and sending them through the channels isn't an option. In theory, you could do this by merely reducing the channel size, but the current LN specifications don't include support for negotiating such a transaction yet.
Other people have listed the other party trying to cheat as the reason to close. Well, that's correct, but it's also so magnificently dumb thing to even try that in practice you just won't see it happen unless there are major bugs in some LN implementations.
@_date: 2017-01-30 19:02:41
An event like this is very worrying for SPV users because during an accidental fork that lasts more than 1 block, they might see a (from their point of view) confirmed transaction get reversed and double spent by the real fork.
It's not much of a problem if these events are sufficiently rare, but the more common they are, the more people will be on the lookout, waiting for the chance to try it.
@_date: 2017-01-25 22:58:21
What decade are you living in? 
TL;DR; That's a fully functional version of LN. Usable on the Bitcoin testnet. The only thing preventing it from working on mainnet is that Segwit hasn't activated yet. Here's the developer's article about it 
@_date: 2017-08-25 09:02:51


The main problem with testnet for testing Lightning Network is that there's no real value moving in there. So, you can only test the technical aspects, not the social aspects.
Bitcoin and Lightning are both highly social technologies where the social aspects have a crucial role in the functioning of the system. You can't say you've sufficiently tested the system without testing it in actual use.
@_date: 2017-01-21 13:28:02
The main benefit of SegWit is not the block size increase. The main benefits are that it fixes malleability and builds a scaffolding that makes it super simple to make upgrades to the scripting system in the future. The block size increase is just a side benefit, tacked on to the side since there's demand for increased block size and it was no extra complexity to add.
Frankly, I'm puzzled that it became the main thing people know about segwit.
@_date: 2017-08-25 14:10:08
What u/cfvx/ explained was how a single unidirectional payment channel works. The channels used by LN are bidirectional and the system is based on a network of these channels which is what makes it possible to have just one channel and use that to pay whoever you want.
Here's a short video introducing LN in easy terms. 
@_date: 2017-08-24 09:01:36
I'm not sure if this need any comments. Perfectly reasonable misgivings about a company that acts like Bitmain does.
@_date: 2017-08-25 08:58:37
xthin blocks help remove inefficiencies in block and transaction propagation but it's not a solution. It just approximately halves the bandwidth required, which will be fast consumed by the user base doubling. Besides, which, it's slightly inferior to compact blocks proposal which was adopted by Bitcoin Core.
However, neither of those are complete solutions to the bandwidth usage problem. All transactions still have to be broadcast.  All they do is they dramatically reduce the amount of data that needs to be transferred on the moment of block discovery. All data in the blocks still has to be transferred. However, with xthin and compact blocks, most of it happens before the block is found.
@_date: 2017-08-24 14:19:37
We could have lightning even without Segwit, but opening payment channels would be either extremely clumsy and/or require trust (or binding legal agreements) between the participants to be practical.
So, yes, we can have LN without Segwit. However, the disadvantages from not having Segwit would have an extremely centralizing effect on the system.
So, basically, a decentralized LN requires Segwit while a practically centralized LN can make do without Segwit. This is the very thing that has always amused me about people who resist Segwit because they think LN will be centralized.
@_date: 2017-08-12 23:33:39
This means that there's a standard protocol that different LN implementations can use to interoperate.
It's likely that we'll have experimental wallets that support LN with real bitcoins from Segwit activation day.
As for routing, well, it was never a problem for small networks in the first place. The main open question is how large of a network the currently suggested algorithms can support in practice. It's a question that's very difficult to answer with much certainty before we have an actual network up and running.
@_date: 2017-08-24 10:18:44
You're ignoring the economics here. Due to this very effect, it's now very unwise to hold BCH at all. We're at the beginning of BCH hyperinflation death spiral.
It won't take long until there aren't enough buyers left for it to make any sense to mine BCH.
Edit: In other words, due to this effect, buying BCH is now roughly the same as just donating your money to miners.
@_date: 2017-01-28 20:24:09
right... you're not allowed to talk about it. Why is it then that I see talk about it in the comments for almost every post I look at?
@_date: 2017-08-01 18:35:12
The bar for effectively preventing the 2x HF is actually much lower than it was for pushing BIP148 through. Why? Simply because you only need to convince everyone to keep running what they're running right now.
Well, technically speaking, if someone wants to fork, no-one can prevent it. However, a fork without many users is meaningless, so there's no need to prevent it, really. Just make sure as few people as possible are fooled into buying into it and it won't have many users.
@_date: 2017-08-25 08:46:00
How is Segwit destroying your idea of a full distributed ledger? Are you referring to second layers hiding the "actual" state of the ledger and that it would therefore no longer be full?
But yes, SW won't make it any easier to run a node. It'll instead slowly become more difficulty as resource requirements increase.
@_date: 2017-08-25 15:06:28
And the beauty of it is that this business doesn't need to even know that customers are actually paying LTC. That's something that will be handled transparently by the LN protocol and the decentraolized exchange system.
However, I'm not sure if any of the implementations support something like this yet. It's technically possible and not really much more complex than normal LN routing.
@_date: 2017-08-11 01:31:31
While they call it an agreement, it's effectively just a proposal seeking to get the community to compromise rather than split. However, this makes it a rather different beast than an actual agreement would be.
Because it's a proposal, it has no binding power. Thus, the only thing that could have held it together is if adopting it would be better in someway than abandoning it. The BCH fork and the support from the big blocks crowd it gained has decimated all reason to support the proposal anymore.


Segwit will bring, at the very least, a capacity increase of 2x. It'll also make multi-step smart contracts possible to create such that no coins move until the whole contract is signed and atomic (due to the malleability fix).
Segwit activation will also mean that development to get schnorr signature soft fork underway will begin. That will, once activated increase the effective maximum transaction rate to 3x compared to pre-segwit activation. This is due to the possibility to aggregate schnorr signatures, so less blockspace is needed for them.
Also, while you might be correct that user adoption is in reverse, the users that are leaving are those whose effect on the exchange rate and economic impact is the smallest. They're being replaced by users with much more significant economic impact and therefore more effect on the exchange rate.


You know, people might take you more seriously if you weren't spouting obvious bullshit. It won't take long after Segwit activation to see that this particular claim is total and utter bullshit.
@_date: 2017-08-24 21:14:53
I'm not sure why you would characterize it as kafkaesque. 
There may be 460 contributors listed on Github, but that doesn't mean all or even most of them are actively contributing code. The way open source projects work is that each volunteer works on whatever he/she feels like working on.
They might have some discussions about priorities, but there's no taskmaster. Each coder chooses something to work on that they individually want to work on, for whatever personal reasons they might have.
The uncertainty over whether segwit would activate at all also likely discouraged segwit related development work.  Developer enthusiasm also doesn't recover easily after a setback like the political schism like we've had over Segwit. I suspect it'll now slowly recover now that we have Segwit activated for real.
@_date: 2017-01-30 13:51:12
That's pretty likely. It'd take a concerted and active effort to keep an unexpected fork like that alive in an economical sense. At the very least it'd require a group of people who actually want to create a splitting fork, in which case, it's bound to happen anyway.
However, the problem with longer accidental forks is that they can potentially allow opportunists to make successful double spend attacks. Which makes accepting Bitcoin payments more risky than it'd be, otherwise.
I'm starting to think there's a serious need for some modification to the mining system to make SPV mining too unreliable to be profitable. It should be no a brainer for wannabe SPV miners to mine at a pool that actually does it's job rather than try fake it themselves. The systems needs to be retooled such that there's a profitable attack that can easily be performed against SPV miners but that fully validating miners will have no problem with.
@_date: 2017-01-29 12:21:22


The main problem with this model is that it guarantees that there will be losers while there's no real need for those.


I don't think this controversy will last for long enough to block Segwit from activating. Mainly because all the resistance I've seen so far is based on misconceptions and/or misunderstandings. Anyone who actually thinks for themselves will figure it out with an afternoon of research.
Then again, for this very reason it's absolutely mind boggling to see people resisting it.


Every cryptocurrency has to start more or less centralized and then slowly migrate away from that as the community grows. That policy will give the devs a little more time to get things in order before political strife around the system eventually makes it very difficult. Although, it comes with the danger that they might realize too late when it's no longer possible to hard fork safely.
@_date: 2017-08-24 19:19:15
It's not a company, it's an open source project. Development happens on a volunteer basis. In addition, they know that Bitcoin Core isn't that widely used as an UI wallet, so they don't assign much importance to the graphical user interface. The RPC interface is the main interface Bitcoin Core is used with and that supports Segwit transactions sufficiently well.
In other words, if you want Bitcoin Core GUI to support segwit, do it yourself or pay someone to implement it.
@_date: 2017-01-28 22:45:23
This analysis assumes hashrate will always keep increasing at the same exponential speed that it does today. I don't think that's a an assumption you can make. The exponential increase of market price can't continue forever and once that stops, hashrate will also stabilize.
I doubt we'll see more than 10 years of 9.4 minute blocktime. 
@_date: 2017-08-21 10:10:39
The positives of BCH alone make no sense when there's nothing to compare to. So, if you don't specify what you're comparing it to, people will likely assume you're comparing it to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-11-14 17:07:23
As far as I'm aware, it's a community project without a clear owner.
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:55:17
Nothing stops merchants from "paying" the fee for the customer with BTC as well. They just need to slightly modify their EUR -&gt; BTC converter calculations.
Of course, other than for psychological effect, there's little point to doing so because any merchant doing that will have higher prices, so the end result for the customer will be ~same or worse.
@_date: 2017-01-26 09:03:40
I think you badly underestimate the pioneer spirit present in the community. Also note that, Bitcoin Core itself is still versioned at below 1.0, which means the developers don't think it's quite ready for production yet.
In any case, I'd be perfectly happy to risk something like 20mbtc to keep in a lightning wallet. Besides, the instant confirmation feature is going to be very enticing for many use cases of micropayments. We won't have a shortage of people rushing to use the alpha. Incidentally, that also means that it'll get out of alpha quite fast due to the amount of testing it'll receive.
Besides, Even if the whole network suddenly supported SegWit today, we'd still be at least a month from the activation date. Plenty of time to test the alpha before production.
@_date: 2017-01-22 11:12:17
You can never succeed in a fork by approaching it like a war. That approach creates enemies, which destroys all possibility of successful fork.
In an attempt to fork, the only way to success is by persuasion, not force. Successful persuasion requires understanding the opponent and their reasons for resistance. Only then can you set to work removing the reasons to resist.
As far as I can tell, Segwit has already removed all the actual reasons to resist. From my point of view, it looks like what's left is just a few still trying to clutch at the straws (or imaginary reasons to resist).
If there still are actual rational reasons to resist Segwit left, I'd be very curious to hear of them. The arguments about technical debt aren't entirely wrong, but there's no real hurry to remove that particular technical debt, as it's a problem that really won't manifest until decades later.  There's no problem organizing a proper 3+ year hard fork to deal with it.
@_date: 2017-08-11 00:52:56
Core team will not release a version of Bitcoin Core that they know *will split the network*. That's the reason there's no blocksize hard fork from the Core team.
If there was a hard fork proposal that you could realistically expect to get support from the whole community, they'd do it. But that's a pipe dream for the moment.
@_date: 2016-06-17 08:58:15
The Hong Kong agreement was with a few core developers, not all of them. It's misleading at best to say Core made the commitment.
@_date: 2016-11-07 14:50:34
You sound like a person who does not appreciate the insane mess that would ensue if there was a serious bug in a soft-fork. I prefer it's done properly over it being done by some strict schedule set by ... whoever.
@_date: 2016-12-04 19:04:23
I expect Segwit will be attempted without the blocksize increase feature if it fails to pass with it. The blocksize increase is the least important part of segwit, afterall.
@_date: 2017-08-24 14:37:17
Bitcoin will adjust to it's previous capacity in 3-4 weeks. The block rate will continue to fluctuate but the average will return to 6 blocks an hour.
bcash will continue hyperinflating to death unless they hard fork to a more sensible difficulty algorithm.
@_date: 2017-01-26 11:14:26
... we really need a good, short and easily understandable explanation for how just twiddling with the blocksize limit is not a scaling solution. Even more importantly, we need to get people to stop ignoring the fact that SegWit isn't merely a blocksize increase but more importantly is an extremely important bugfix at the same time. It fixes the issue called malleability that seriously complicates the usability of smart contracts.
The blocksize increase it comes with is just something that was slapped on to the side, since it only minimally increased the total complexity of the change.
@_date: 2016-12-02 22:28:17


You're certainly welcome to have an opinion on the matter. Just be aware that many disagree with you and that's the reason the word "market cap" will continue to be used in the context of Bitcoin. 


Really? I suspect well over 90% of people have no idea what it means. Besides, the whole inapplicability hinges on the definition of what is a company and what is not. That is, it hinges on a rather arbitrary definition. A definition that can and will be changed where it makes sense to do so.
I and many others think it does make sense to consider the Bitcoin system and the surrounding economy as analogous to a company. The emerging politics over the system's governance definitely point that way. If it was merely a commodity, there'd be no politics to speak of.
@_date: 2017-08-31 20:46:01
Lightning network will extend Bitcoin's reach to extremely cheap micropayments. Improved confirmation speeds with LN will also practically eliminate the biggest problems with paying at Brick &amp; Mortar stores too. With LN, you will never be guessing if a payment will go through or not. It either goes or doesn't, there's no maybe.
@_date: 2016-12-02 17:20:29
You're welcome to suggest a better word for this purpose, if it exists. If it doesn't then either create it or stop complaining that market cap means something slightly different. Then again, you might already be too late with the alternative, the meaning of market cap might have irreversibly changed already.
@_date: 2017-01-21 13:43:40
if you want Bitcoin to be able to compete with Ethereum or other more smart contract focused altcoins, then yes, malleability fix is urgently needed. The same holds for Litecoin. Malleability is holding the scripting system back. The ability to do simple upgrades to the scripting system is similar. There are already many upgrades planned for after segwit, some of them will further improve scaling by making transactions smaller and others will add features that help with smart contracts.
@_date: 2017-08-01 10:40:33
If I interpret what you're saying on a technical level, what you're saying is pretty much spot on. However, nodes don't run on the  tehnical implementation only. There's a human (or a group of humans) calling the shots behind each and every node.
Many people use the term 'node' to refer to an unit comprised of both the technical node as well as it's operator(s). If you insist on interpreting 'node' to only refer to a technical node in isolation, the claims are going to sound outlandish.
You're correct, though, that measuring support from (random) nodes makes no sense. However, it's somewhat ambiguous whether or not actually needed to be told that.
(Do note, though that while measuring support from random nodes is meaningless, Support from well known nodes with high importance would be very meaningful)
@_date: 2016-12-02 20:27:21


Yes I do. You have it backwards. Definitions don't create meaning. Meanings create definitions and when meanings change, definitions get updated.
In this case, there already are people that consider Bitcoin as a first example of a new type of company and if you agree with that, there's no problem using the term market cap here.


I think I might have seen some people using these terms when talkign about bitcoin. However, when I was asking you for alternatives, those didn't even pop up as candidates. They don't feel like they say're saying the same thing.
@_date: 2016-11-08 19:40:22
Are you sure you aren't reading that wrong? These are all services where you pay for something in bitcoins, so the higher the rate, the better for you?
@_date: 2016-11-18 10:02:55
No, it'd just basically be miners deciding to reduce the activation percentage. No other significant difference.
It shouldn't be done without at least 70% of the hashrate enforcing segwit though. The potential for disrupting the normal operation in Bitcoin is too big otherwise.
Still, it'll probably not be necessary. Just talking about will likely pull the laggards in given that there's enough hashrate willing to enforce segwit.
@_date: 2018-06-12 16:48:32
To me that sounds like exactly the scenario I described playing out as it usually does. With the added spice of the exchange operators being overconfident about their ability to sidestep the legal liabilities. After they found out in how deep of a shit they are, they quietly folded to cover their asses.
@_date: 2017-01-21 22:40:39
I wasn't hoping to convince them of that. I was hoping to convince them that it's futile to try to convince enough of the community to hard fork. That are too many people who actually prefer no fork to a hard fork.
I doubt the people currently expressing Anti-Segwit agenda actually prefer no fork to Segwit though, so I wrote this hoping to accelerate that realization a little. It's a shame so few people are reading this though.
@_date: 2016-12-04 12:31:46
That CPU speed statistic you just calculated proves his point. 25% a year is rather damn close  to the proposed 17% increase per year. But we also need to account for storage device access speeds and network speeds. 17% is likely pretty close to the increase we can expect yearly.
@_date: 2017-01-30 14:26:03
The network got lucky. It could've been much worse due to so many miners SPV mining.
@_date: 2018-06-12 13:15:17
What you call "KYC scam" is basically what the following process looks like from a customer's viewpoint:
1. an Exchange opens without KYC requirements. No laws require them to do so, so they decide to not require KYC. It's a pretty expensive process to do and they'll even lose customers by doing so.
2. For a while it works out well. Then the exchange starts seeing more and more cases of fraud and pressure from either the banking industry, law enforcement or regulators or all of them to make it stop.
3. The Exchange might try for a while to curb the fraud cases without implementing a full blown KYC. Perhaps even with some success.
4. But, eventually it's just not enough. They're no longer just risking their business by not requiring KYC. They're risking *personal criminal liability* for operating the service as well. Thus, when KYC is implemented, they also refuse withdrawals to those who haven't identified themselves acceptably. This is because, if they didn't, all the funds that are most risky from personal liability standpoint would flood out of the exchange right there and then and then they'd be royally screwed.
The takeaway? Pretty simple. An exchange service without KYC is a pipe dream. Decentralized exchanges have the same issues, technically speaking, but the risks are externalized on their customers instead.
@_date: 2017-08-01 18:16:30
It's just another way to launch an altcoin. The only difference to an altcoin is that the software was compatible with bitcoin for a while and did it's initial coin distribution based on Bitcoin ledger at block X.
People will wise up pretty fast when they see this sort of coins launch and wither. That'll be the end of it.
@_date: 2016-12-19 23:24:10
Well, it's usually just a matter of time until someone solves the issue, one way or the other. People don't like waiting, so someone will eventually put in the work or enough money to get someone else to do it.
@_date: 2018-06-12 09:21:45
a Payment Channel is basically a clever trick to that allows using 0\-conf transactions securely in a limited context. LN is a collection of protocols for using these 0\-conf transactions to move money despite their restrictions.
Also, while there's no overall ledger in LN, it's possible to consider each 0\-conf transaction (payment channel) as a ledger in itself.  However, it's also simultaneously a Bitcoin transaction and **can be used to make regular Bitcoin transactions at will**. Technically speaking, this involves closing and re\-opening the payment channel, but for all practical purposes, the channel doesn't really close since the open and close are simultaneous.
While I'm not aware of a lightning wallet that has implemented this yet, the fact that it's possible is what decimates all arguments based on something called an "LN Coin". Once Lightning Wallets are out of Beta, there'll be nearly no reason to keep any hot wallet balance outside of payment channels.
@_date: 2018-06-12 14:33:26
Yes, they're transactions that haven't been confirmed, but are valid and will get confirmed should they be broadcast. They're the backup plan to be used to close the channel in the event that the channel's counterparty becomes unresponsive or refuses to cooperate.
@_date: 2017-08-11 00:57:35
Yes, that's the thing that's not said often enough. **segwit is the compromise**.
@_date: 2016-12-03 03:01:52
As I said, definitions can be changed and that's the point of choosing to use the term 'market cap' with bitcoin.
By the way, I note that you're completely ignoring any attempt to discuss whether or not Bitcoin could be considered a company and are merely insisting that it's obviously not while providing no basis for it whatsoever.
Bitcoin doesn't fit the current official definition of a company, that I won't argue with. But I think it will, in the future.
@_date: 2018-06-12 09:35:18
Strictly speaking, to use LN, there'll always be need to commit an amount of BTC into a channel. However, that shouldn't, generally speaking, mean losing the ability to use it otherwise. The only exception to this is if the channel partner refuses or is unable to cooperate with you.
I'd expect, though, that for the most part there won't be any real reason to keep any hot wallet balance outside of payment channels once LN is out of beta.
@_date: 2016-12-19 16:28:26
I find it quite funny that if Segwit had left the blocksize alone, no-one would bother talking bullshit about it. It'd just be a no-brainer bugfix upgrade like the other past soft-forks were.
It's like the "large block crowd" is jealous that their proposal for capacity increase hasn't gotten support and are now throwing a tantrum in an attempt to block a proposal from the core developers that includes a capacity increase.
@_date: 2016-12-19 16:22:22
That's the drawback of having a heterogeneous mining software ecosystem.
It's not necessarily updating bitcoind, that's the issue, but rather updating all the other code that the pool system has that needs to understand the block data format.
Although, some pools might also be using their own set of patches to bitcoind and as such are still stuck with 0.12 series as not all of the patches are compatible with 0.13 yet. There could be important patches that the pool is relying on that are blocking the upgrade. Since there are a lot of changes between 0.12 and 0.13 codebases, porting the patches might not be a simple matter for someone without considerable expertise about how Bitcoin Core works. It's not just the Segwit code that's potentially blocking upgrades.
@_date: 2016-12-03 13:20:54
Unless you bought from a reseller or ordered to an address that won't help find you.
@_date: 2018-06-12 09:49:23
It probably just means that your wallet couldn't find a route to send that 9 sat while paying less than 1 sat (11&amp; in fees. 
@_date: 2016-12-08 23:08:26
The part that really blew my mind is that he's presenting segwit as an update to increase fees... I mean wtf is he thinking? How can something that increases *the block size* increase fees? Boggles my mind.
Either I was wrong to think of him as an intelligent person or he's lying through his teeth. Well, either case, I doubt I'll ever take what he says seriously again.
@_date: 2017-08-24 15:54:45


Let's hope so. Currently bcash appears have begun an inflationary death spiral that's not fixable without a hard fork (or a sufficient amount of altruistic miners who're willing take some personal loss for the public good)
@_date: 2016-12-24 10:30:45
If you're calling this euphoric bubble mentality, you ain't seen nothing yet. I've seen this and worse thrice already during the earlier massive rallies.
This still feels extremely subdued compared to the past rallies. Although, it does feel very similar to how they began.
@_date: 2016-11-06 13:07:52
I can see what you're doing there. You're attempting to conflate being a Blockstream fan with dissing Here's a newsflash for you. You don't have to be a Blockstream fanboy to vehemently dislike With Blockstream, I'm taking a cautious attitude, as makes sense given that it's a for profit corporation. I'll seek input from unrelated parties when I evaluate what they're bringing to the table.
With ... well, I have yet to see anything valuable being brought to table that wasn't available from elsewhere. The signal to noise ratio is overwhelmingly biased towards noise. It's a cesspool of hate, ignorance, anger, entitlement and other useless crap. If there are still any people in there attempting to be constructive, I'm very surprised.
@_date: 2016-12-11 19:41:37
There certainly is software that can be called Bitcoin. But that's not the only thing. The network of computers running that software is called The Bitcoin Network and the tokens transferred in that network are called bitcoins. There's also a network of people who use Bitcoin that tends to be called The Bitcoin Community. This community is certainly using the tokens, called bitcoin, as money and/or commodity.
Things are not quite as clear cut as the meaning of Bitcoin being just software.
@_date: 2016-12-19 18:47:51
If the patch author actually works for the pool, then that usually doesn't pose a problem. The problem is the patches that someone else made that the pool is just using. They either need to wait until the original author feels like making a version for 0.13 or paying someone to do it (not cheap).
@_date: 2016-11-18 09:49:08
It's packet loss that limits the bandwidth. TCP protocol has been designed for links that are extremely reliable so it interprets packet loss as routers upstream being congested and reduces the bandwidth it's trying to push out.
@_date: 2015-08-16 20:04:41
Actually, you could also take Bitcoin Core, apply just the block size patch and compile your own.
That being said, Bitcoin XT is not that much different from what I just described. It's a very minimal set of changes on top of Bitcoin Core. I don't think it matters who the maintainer is. If he stops being reasonable, someone else will step in with a version that's more reasonable.
Really, Bitcoin Core isn't going to just wither and die if XT's block size increase ends up actually happening with majority support. They'll release a version that supports that.
@_date: 2017-11-01 07:38:03
The excitement is dependent on the total amount of savings you have. The less you have, the more excited you will be to see them go up.
Why? Because the more you have, the less immediate of an impact it'll have on your life. For example, if you only have like $1000, that could easily vaporize from an unexpected need to pay for something critical. At something like $10k... Well, sure it's plausible you might still have to spend it all, but it's much less likely.
Also, your mindset about the money also plays a role. If you're busy planning for ways to immediately use the gains you just got, you'll be more excited than if you were just intending to save the money long term.
@_date: 2015-08-17 12:25:22
I think that if Gavin hadn't gone and created a ticking clock, we'd have zero proposals by now.
Although, I must say that I'm slightly disappointed that all proposals are just tweaking maximum blocksize. It's not the size of a single block that should matter so much but the total size of blocks over a longer timespan. Granted, maximum block size does set an effective cap on the daily maximum but handles large bursts of transactions badly.
@_date: 2015-08-28 12:59:16
well, you could always add the limit but also make the software visibly show it's running in a SELFISH MODE or something like that if the limits are set low enough for the node to be of no help to the network.
@_date: 2015-08-28 12:03:47
I suspect it has to be median here. Mean would be easier to manipulate, despite dropping the top and bottom 20%.
@_date: 2017-11-16 14:51:52
Just keep in mind that the lower the fee, the bigger the risk of a longer delay.
There's usually a limit, under which it's impossible to accurately predict how long your transaction will take to confirm. When the fee is above that, your transaction will confirm fast. However, the uncertainty comes from the difficulty in accurately estimating where that limit is at any given moment. You can only determine that limit accurately for the past and the limit sometimes moves very fast.
@_date: 2017-11-09 10:32:08


Haha, no, the broader market saw "Free new tokens for owning Bitcoins canceled", so they're now returning back to whatever other altcoins also rock their boats. The movement that was bound to happen after the fork is now happening because  the fork was canceled.
(although, I must say I find it amusing that you post a picture that supposedly shows how the market agrees with you when the picture, on it's face, shows the opposite of that by showing Bitcoin as number one by a large margin)


I've no idea which past message of mine you've misinterpreted as saying that. I'm quite certain I've never stated anything to that effect.
I should probably finally finish and publish the article that resulted from writing a reply to you the last time. The reply I shelved because it was too incomplete without the article. It's probably still worthwhile to do, despite 2x being canceled now.
@_date: 2017-11-09 18:44:02
Actually, in practise it's more like one bitcoin, one vote. However, not directly through voting but rather through the market actions of those who vote with their feet by either buying bitcoins or selling them.
@_date: 2015-08-18 21:47:00
* It's much easier to impose stricter limits on the block size in the future than it's to further increase the limits. It's a soft-fork rather than hard-fork. Also, 8MB is not quite enough yet to make a significant difference to centralization.
* 1MB is not enough for even lightning in the long run, so an increased block size is still necessary. In fact, even 8MB might be too little in the long run.
* It is not urgent to increase the block size limit yet. However, it _is_ urgent to prepare so we can increase the limits on short notice when it does become urgent. Having an implementation that's ready for the increase is therefore a crucial thing to exist.
* I'm not sure if this is necessary or even meaningful to point out, but I don't support XT (although, I can't say I'm against it either). I support increasing the block size limit.
* I don't believe the stress tests really simulated the effects of hitting the block size limit properly. Although, since wallets are improving their support for fees, it certainly reduced the impact somewhat.
@_date: 2015-08-23 16:13:28
I did that shortly after casascius coins first came out. I ordered 20 for the purpose of giving them out to family &amp; friends (and gave a couple to people I didn't even know).
@_date: 2017-11-14 11:40:04
Unfortunately, ledger can't read your mind to know how important fast confirmation is for the transaction you're making. Sometimes it can save a lot to be able to take a small risk that it won't confirm fast. So, the wallet does need user input to do this reliably and cheaply. Of course, people who don't want to learn can always opt to just pay the high fees and go about their life.
@_date: 2015-08-23 06:48:29
Yes, strictly speaking it doesn't solve the problem of how to scale. It just makes it possible at all by moving the current hard limit.
@_date: 2017-11-09 10:55:15


Scaling plans and roadmaps aren't things that change the definition of what Bitcoin is. They're suggestions and proposals on how to change it. What would actually amount to trying to change the definition of Bitcoin would be to release software that implements the changes. It's this software release process by which the Bitcoin Core dev team presents their view of what the current consensus is.
Everything else, is suggestions and proposals and doesn't really matter in the context of defining what Bitcoin is. Only released software matters. Everything else is just talk without much meaning.
@_date: 2017-11-09 16:49:48
I think the main problem is the lack of a hub that doesn't so much aim to let people discuss but rather seeks to map the discourse around a topic. A platform with the purpose of collecting a coherent list of arguments for and against as well as similar lists for each individual argument.
That'd result in a mind map type of structure that anyone could easily use to explore the results of a reasoned discussion.
However, it's probably not an easy thing to build, we'd probably already have seen such a hub otherwise.
@_date: 2017-11-09 12:09:07
Sure, feel free to pursue the original dead-end architecture on the altcoin of your choice. If it grows big enough, you'll see the naturally occurring incentivization mechanisms for running full nodes eventually centralize the system. If the throughput never goes above a few fax machines, it will likely stay decentralized, though.
@_date: 2015-08-21 19:01:55
I doubt Bitcoin XT will ever get near 75%. Mostly because it's already served it's purpose. We'll be seeing Bitcoin Core come out with a well thought out alternative that'll be clearly superior and that's that.
@_date: 2015-07-24 12:49:51
This is not a purely economic issue either. There is a need for a system engineer perspective as well. A sosiologist would be important too.
There are very good reasons from the system engineer perspective to be very careful about changing the blocksize. A mistake in the process could be quite a disaster. Also, blocksize increase is not the only way to increase scalability. There are alternatives with much less risky failure modes, like the Lightning Network.
The economic perspective you bring up is not wrong. But there are real risks involved with significant repercussions if something goes wrong and Lightning Network actually has the properties you are calling for.
That being said, there are also risks involved with not increasing the blocksize. While these risks are more likely to actualize, their repercussions are much lighter and will at worst only delay the growth of Bitcoin usage.
For these reasons, my own position would be that we should prepare for the eventuality that the blocksize needs increasing so that we can do it on a short notice when it's necessary. Almost everyone agrees that it needs doing at some point. However, we're far from wide agreement on exactly how it should be done.
Some people want a simple one time increase to minimize the short term risk involved. Others reject this idea as "just kicking the can down the road". They want a system that can handle all the future size increases. However, most of them don't trust miners with this choice. They're afraid the bigger miners will increase the bar for participation in mining so high that only very wealthy can do it and that will eventually lead to Bitcoin becoming centrally controlled.
@_date: 2015-08-19 19:01:42
I don't think it makes any sense to assume both fork ends will be alive for long.
@_date: 2015-08-16 22:48:35
You're mistaken. Gavin is not stuck on a particular proposal, but he wants something to happen. Backing his proposal with an actual implementation is a way to get discussion going and progress happening for a consensus. It'll also lead to a lot more people really learning how and why bitcoin works. All necessary for a consensus to form at all.
If he (or someone else) wasn't doing this, the issue would not start getting the attention it needs until we start seeing problems from transactions never getting confirmed. By that time, it'd be way too pressing issue for anything resembling informed consensus.
I much prefer having this discussion today to not having the time to ever have it.
@_date: 2017-11-09 13:31:21
Thank you. I feel the same about you.
@_date: 2017-11-09 10:13:06
I'm in awe with the level of subtle contempt this comment just leveled on the whole Bitcoin community.
At the same time, it's also amusingly correct. However, not because the core dev team has any power to dictate what Bitcoin is but because the core dev team is exceedingly unlikely to contradict the pre-existing community consensus about what Bitcoin is.
You rhetoric appears to be implying the core dev team can arbitrarily dictate what Bitcoin is. The truth is, though, that it's the community consensus that dictates what the bitcoin core dev team says Bitcoin is.
@_date: 2015-07-24 12:55:28
While I agree that the percentage is very likely quite inaccurate, it's also equally dishonest to pretend this fact refutes the whole statement.
It probably would be accurate to say that there were many more economists who decided to make a public statement rejecting bitcoin than economists who decided to make a public statement backing bitcoin. The situation seems to be slowly reversing though.
@_date: 2015-08-22 16:33:17
If Core fails to bring some kind of a solution to scaling the block size, then XT (or some other fork) will continue to gain popularity because there are many people who want to see a solution. (yes, me included)
@_date: 2015-07-24 13:02:39
I've got a feeling it'll end up scaling much better than we expect ;)
@_date: 2015-08-18 18:53:45
I don't buy that better solutions require smaller blocks. However, if one of the vaporware solutions actually materializes before increasing block size is pressingly urgent, I'm willing to withdraw my own support for increasing the block size.
However, until we have a non vaporware solution, I'll continue to support increasing the blocksize.
@_date: 2015-07-24 13:21:49
Even if you could convince everyone to increase the cap, you'd have trouble convincing everyone who should receive the new created coins. It's basically only possible if the coins would go towards a cause that is in every users' interests.
@_date: 2015-08-16 22:51:32
... months worth of of public arguments about how to do the adjustment equals "bad code adjustments could be done just like that"? Seriously.
@_date: 2015-07-24 13:28:42
I never said the best programmers have looked at the code.
As a matter of fact, I don't think there's any single programmer in the world who could find bugs more effectively than a large group of above average programmers. Every person has their blind spots.
@_date: 2015-07-17 12:12:04
Attacking Bitcoin with transaction spam is only going to make it stronger. There are all kinds of things that could be done to make the software able to handle such an attack much more gracefully. The only thing it'd do is increase the fee people would have to use to get their transactions through.
But $2,000,000 is not enough to increase the fee to a level that would be a serious problem. If you wanted to increase the fee to $1 , you could do it for 3-4 days at most. $0.50 you could perhaps do for a week. Anything lower is not really worth considering anymore.
@_date: 2015-07-07 13:11:59
Because the spam has higher fees. I think I saw somewhere that the spam is being created with 0.0002 BTC/kb fees. Your 0.000019 is much lower than that.
(Yes, this means someone is paying a lot to spam the network)
@_date: 2015-08-18 16:39:06
The stress tests we had do not quite match the situation we'll have when demand really outstrips the capacity. The stress tests just simply flooded transactions with a certain amount of fee. Anyone could easily compensate by increasing their own fee and their transactions would go through.
Now, consider the situation where transactions are actually originating from actors who want them to go through and there's not enough capacity. Fees will go through the roof as everyone is trying outbid the others. The stress tests were mild compared to this.
@_date: 2015-08-18 15:41:47
The purpose when it was added was to prevent a potential attacker from bloating the blockchain too fast.
@_date: 2015-07-08 17:59:15
The tools for handling this sort of cases are unfortunately rather lacking. It'll most likely take a little while for better support for fees to trickle to the users at large.
Even services might have some trouble retooling their systems to actually do something other than using static fees. It depends on the quality of the code they're using and whether or not they have anyone who is able to do anything about it.
@_date: 2015-07-14 14:13:06
We had a lot of spam, yes. Yet, anyone who had a wallet with proper support for fees could still make transactions that went through reasonably fast.  The limit does mean that the blockchain won't explode in size faster than 6MB/hour, which I believe was the point. The fee system will handle the transaction prioritization.
@_date: 2015-08-18 16:32:02
Actually, supporting 8MB sort of supports 4MB in the sense that any blockchain accepted by the 4MB version would be accepted by the 8MB version too.
@_date: 2015-07-08 00:01:01
Mining is a very random process. Often you get blocks quite rapidly in progression but then you also sometimes get these very long stretches with no blocks found at all.
If you saw them doing that consistently for a couple of weeks, then you might have a point.
@_date: 2016-02-25 10:45:16
It's not entirely clear if enough of the network has upgraded yet that these actually propagate. Although, the proportion of miners who're running with these updates is probably more important.
@_date: 2017-04-19 09:17:06
Nodes merely running the UASF code aren't very significant. The only nodes that really matter in this context are nodes that are used to actually send or receive bitcoins. (For light wallets sending or receiving bitcoins, the node that matters is the node the light wallet gets it's transaction data from)
@_date: 2017-04-12 13:57:07
Power is the wrong word. The word you're looking for is trust.
@_date: 2017-04-25 13:05:48
This would be pretty simple to do. Just add a commitment to coinbase TX that can be calculated from the txids of the transactions (other than the coinbase) included in that block. 
basically, you could reuse the bitcoin merkle root calculation algorithm but use a hash of zeroes for the coinbase transaction. Anyone would then be able to verify if the coinbase's merkle root matches with the actual transactions.
Edit: Actually, you could do that by producing blocks as defined in the BIP draft you linked to. The only real difference would be that your node wouldn't reject blocks that don't do so.
@_date: 2017-04-06 13:40:51
If all miners were using asicboost, there'd be no incentive to block segwit because the relative hashpower ratios would remain the same.
Only a situation where most miners aren't using asicboost gives asicboost using miners an incentive to block segwit because they'd lose their edge over the competition when segwit activates and would as a result get a smaller piece of the whole pie.
If everyone were using asicboost, it wouldn't matter much because everyone would lose an equal proportion of their hashpower. In this case everyone would still make the same amount of money.
@_date: 2016-02-24 16:08:44
RBF invalidates the previous version of the transaction and that, by extension, also invalidates all transactions that depend on the invalidated transaction, which is what a CPFP is, it's a continuation transaction for the 0-conf transaction.
They're mutually exclusive. A miner has to choose either the new replacement transaction from RBF or the original plus the CPFP transaction added after it.
Needless to say, it's cheaper to use RBF. It takes up less space in the block.
@_date: 2016-02-07 00:10:51
You know, I'm not presenting a solution here. Merely an argument that the sky won't fall if the limits get saturated. Which it seems you actually understand, you just label that as "failure".
To me that's a working system. Not perfect, but something that works and can be further improved in time. Far from useless.
That being said, this somehow seems to be morphing into a discussion about the block size limit. I probably should state what I think about that situation.
1. We need to increase the limit eventually.
2. We need to test the process of hard fork.
3. We also need information about the market reaction to the block size limit saturating. Guesses can't be perfect, we should let it happen for a while so we know.
4. To gain the information in 3, we need to wait with hard fork until it's clear we're at the limit.
5. Then we should proceed with the hard fork.
6. If we hard fork right now, we'll not gain the information from point 3. and will likely not be able to avoid some issues that we could've avoided, provided we knew the information gained from 3.
@_date: 2016-02-06 02:00:09
It's estimated with 2MB blocksize, not 1MB. Also one transaction can close and open a new channel at the same time. 
@_date: 2017-04-29 12:21:42
I think a much better approach to these conspiracy theorists would be to not focus on the conspiracy but rather state the implicit and arrogant assumption behind that theory.
Oh, the assumption? Well, they're implicitly assuming that the economic majority, are so stupid that they'd run anything that Bitcoin Core publishes, no matter what it was. This is basically the argument behind trying to discredit Core.
If this implicit assumption was brought to light every time  they open their mouth, this particular garbage would vanish pretty fast. 
@_date: 2017-04-19 14:19:39
There are plenty of legal things to spend one's bitcoins on. For instance, through purse.io you can get noticeable discounts off of Amazon's products. Many *legal drug stores* offer up to 25% discount when paying with bitcoin. (Yes, they've got big enough problems with chargebacks that it makes sense to offer that much discount)
Those are significant enough savings that even taking into account the exchange fees, you'd still be left with considerable discount and thus there's reason to think many people actually make use of Bitcoin for those purposes.
Also, that's only the tip of the iceberg. if you go looking, you'll find many legal stores where using Bitcoin will give you the best deal.
@_date: 2016-02-13 14:05:36
It's a "ghetto" version of a payment channel. The real thing is more flexible and more complex and doesn't require an on-chain transaction every time coins are moved.
@_date: 2017-04-29 18:52:45


Are you doing this purposefully, or are you really this thick? You've never heard of automation and protocols? This sort of common operations will be automated. (sorry, but I can only tolerate thickheadedness to a degree, especially when talking to someone who presents himself like he knows what he's talking about)


The company I work for makes hundreds of bitcoin transactions per day. It's been months since I had to troubleshoot a non-confirming transaction. I made a CPFP transaction and it was confirmed the next block after that.
I hope you're not still being thickheaded about that months old transaction thing. No sensible wallet will keep a transaction for months without comparing it's fees to the current network fee level and reacting appropriately.
In any case, you're welcome to continue blowing the risks out of all proportion. I doubt it makes sense for me to continue to argue about it any longer.
@_date: 2017-04-18 09:46:32
I have yet to see a technical argument for opposing SegWit that doesn't fall apart with a little in depth understanding of how the system works. Sure, there are some minor nitpicks but nothing worth rejecting the proposal over.
This is not because I haven't looked. I've proactively looked for them many times when I've been trying to figure out just why there is this resistance to segwit. I found nothing worthy of mention.
@_date: 2017-04-28 11:09:25
Miner centralization is a risk, yes, but unlike you think, they can't veto whatever they please. They have a practical veto, as long as the rest of the community is sufficiently divided about an upgrade, but can be replaced if the rest of the community is sufficiently united in the decision.
Most of the things causing mining centralization aren't so much in the core consensus protocol but rather in the non-consensus layer and many of them have been fixed as time passes.


What fucking goodwill? They have an _economic incentive_ to make sure things work. That's been a design feature of the system from the very start. Please stop spouting nonsense.


I can see how the BU developers never had any inkling of that to begin with, but many Core developers are quite aware. They're just picking the only known route that has any potential of keeping Bitcoin's desirable parameters intact. That's risky, yes, but preferable to the alternatives.


I don't suppose you would happen to have an example of what your so called "real" solution would look like?
Both things I listed are relying on the same thing Bitcoin more generally relies on, which is that miners want to money. 


The jury is still out there on whether mining is bound to become too centralized. Precisely because it's so difficult to predict how the economy will react to it. That's also why it doesn't make sense to try to conclusively prove whether the current solutions work or not. Due to the economical factors, the only practical way of finding out is to try them out in practice.
For instance, the relay problem you're so fond of, might turn out to not be a problem at all due to the _economic incentives_ anyone owning bitcoins have to keep the system working. Especially miners have a strong incentive to make sure relays work since, if the ship sinks, they'll be the ones with an especially limited access to life boats.


I didn't realize you were this unfamiliar with the tech... From the perspective of a third party, a channel open transaction looks exactly like a regular transaction with a multisig output. Mostly because that's precisely what it is. The special stuff you were speaking of happens between the parties forming the channel. The base, however, is a regular multisig output. There's no technical reason to require the sender to be part of the channel. 
Although, in the case I was envisioning, the company paying the paycheck would also function as an LN payment hub for their employees for routing their LN payments. So, in that case the sender would actually be part of the channel.


Payment Channel opening transaction is not an LN payment. It's a bitcoin on-chain transaction.
But yes, LN is, _generally speaking_, not intended for high value payments. It doesn't mean it can't do it. When there's a contractual trust relationship plus a direct channel between parties, the risk factors are significantly reduced and thus larger transactions will make sense.
Of course, before the system sees actual production use, it's not possible to tell exactly what the risk factors actually are, since that's a mixed economic and social prediction. It's entirely possible that, with production use, we'll find that even a paycheck is sufficiently small to be sent through even LN routing.


If you use Bitcoin directly, those risks are completely dependent on your own security measures. It's not especially difficult to match the level of security you get with your bank. Because the comparison won't be against bank's internal security but rather against the security level of your bank access credentials.
That being said, if you don't care about the security, the security level won't match using a bank. However, if you do care, you can even significantly exceed it.


Mt.Gox was basically a bitcoin *bank* and a rather sloppily run one at that. I don't see how it's relevant to the discussion. We're comparing Bitcoin's security to regulated banks, not to the security of an unregulated corporation that pretended to be trustworthy. 
@_date: 2016-02-18 15:25:13
Money without government isn't entirely correct. However, the structure is different and the government is only just being created.
The main difference to legacy systems is that this new government can't unilaterally make fundamental changes. Any change needs approval from a large economic majority of users. So, the government has much less power.
@_date: 2017-04-21 16:32:50
That research has been happening on the background for quite a few years already. It does seem to have picked up more steam in the last year or two though.
Core's scaling roadmap is built on the results of that research.
@_date: 2017-04-17 18:09:19
To review, you must read, but merely reading it doesn't count as reviewing it. To say that you reviewed it, you must consider how the code acts with different inputs and try to find ways to make it trip.
To do this you need to create a robust mental model of the code as well as the data it uses. Merely reading the code cannot be called reviewing it unless the code is extremely simple and straightforward.
@_date: 2017-04-29 19:23:23


Because, I don't agree that a minority can change the rules like that. Even if they have the mining power.


The name is ultimately meaningless. What matters is which chain most people are going to trust their money with.


At that point, it no longer matters how much hashpower they have. The crucial thing, however, isn't the technical chain split but the economical chain split. As in, who is willing to trust which chain with how much money.


Sure, that's the minimum requirement for the miners to have any chance at all. That is for some exchange to agree to list their altcoin. Whether it'll be called Bitcoin or something else, though, will end up being decided by the market. As will the value. If they have the support from a big enough portion of the market, they might end up with a viable altcoin.




Blockstream clearly has influence in the development, but that's not the same thing as control. Moreover, even if they controlled the Core implementation, it still wouldn't be the same thing as controlling the protocol upgrades. They'd still have no way to force the network to adopt their changes.
I don't think you quite appreciate how difficult it is to control an open source project.
@_date: 2016-02-03 18:31:57
That's pretty much the point. That's the very difference between soft and hard fork.
Soft fork --&gt; upgrade if you want the improvements.
Hard Fork -&gt; Upgrade or stop using.
The only way to get all the scaling benefits immediately is for nearly everyone to upgrade at the same time. This is the requirement for a successful hard fork.
However, your criticism of SW as a capacity upgrade is based on assuming it's not possible to get everyone to upgrade fast enough for the upgrade to materialize in time.
In other words, it looks to me like you're saying we need to hard fork because we can't persuade people to upgrade fast enough. This makes no sense. You can't successfully hard fork if that's the case.
SW allows a partial capacity increase even when not everyone upgrades, whereas a hard fork size increase only ever materializes if everyone upgrades.
By the way, miners naturally have an incentive to prioritize SW transactions in the event of congestion. They make more profit that way and it's better for bitcoin exchange rate development.
the benefit from SW transactions does not fall equally for those who don't use it. There is some benefit, but the most benefit can be had by upgrading. If you upgrade, you can get both a lower fee and more priority for your transactions than with legacy transactions. Simply because the same amount of fee gets you almost double the priority. So you could, for example choose to pay 30% lower fee for 40% more priority when you move to SW. or 50% lower fee for the same priority. Or the same old fees for double priority.
You can of course get the same priority with legacy transactions if you pay more fees but ... well... wouldn't you rather upgrade if possible?
@_date: 2016-02-14 21:10:18
The decreasing timelock period was part of an earlier design of LN. It's now been replaced with transaction invalidation (which, itseems I didn't explain clearly enough).
However, you're correct that this requires active monitoring. The version that becomes possible to use with SegWit activation, however, supports trustless outsourcing of this monitoring if you can't do it yourself.
Also, it doesn't require 24/7 monitoring unless you use really short timelocks. If the timelock is 7 days, it's enough to get your wallet online at least once every 6 days.
I didn't pay much attention to the fee handling. However, I have a faint memory about reading that the transactions can be built so that you can actually define the fee just prior to broadcast without needing a new signature from the other party. As long as the extra fee comes from your own output.


No, the first transaction is valid immediately. The timelock period begins from the confirmation of the first transaction. The thing is, the first transaction doesn't pay Exchange B yet. It funds another 2 of 2 multisig with one key from exchange B and one from customer A. The key that Exchange B uses here is never used for anything else.
That's why sending the private key to Customer A won't give access to the funds _unless_ the first transaction in the chain is broadcast.
@_date: 2016-02-24 15:01:02
Yep, if all merchants use scorched earth, it takes away the incentive to double spend. There's nothing to gain by doing it. That only leaves deliberate financial sabotage as a possible motive, which is much rarer.
@_date: 2017-04-19 09:18:28
Any exchange that does this takes a very big risk of going bankrupt as a result.
@_date: 2017-04-13 15:12:26
There's no clear cut and widely comparable way to measure economic majority. That we're in agreement about.
It's easier to come up with ways to tell if there is not a sufficient economic majority supporting UASF than to say for sure that there is sufficient majority. However, I don't think that matters, actually.
For instance, any major exchange refusing to support UASF, will pretty much veto the whole thing. Pushing through with UASF, in such a situation regardless would be a splitting fork, which the UASF code is not designed to handle and would just end badly. Hence, almost no-one will activate UASF if that's the case.
I don't particularly care what they've written about it on the UASF site. I'll explain my own understanding of the situation though.
First, a simple majority of miners is enough to activate a soft fork through the MASF process. The reason Segwit's activation threshold is set at a supermajority of 95%+ is to try to make it certain that the activation will go smoothly. Partially because it's impossible to automatically measure segwit support among full nodes in general. So the percentage is set high to minimize problems that might occur if _only miners_ were enforcing segwit.
So, if the majority of miners are willing to enforce segwit and we can determine without much doubt that at least simple economic majority is also willing to do so, we can expect to get a relatively problem free activation for Segwit without any supermajority required.
However, if the miner support is less than a majority, then activating UASF is rather dangerous without a clear economic supermajority to make sure there's no money available for miners mining the non-UASF chain.
In short, a supermajority of either miners or economic nodes alone can impose a soft forking change. However, a lesser majority can work if sufficient support exists in both groups.
@_date: 2016-02-02 00:11:27
After reading the whitepaper, yes, you're correct about the weapon existing. It just has nothing to do with hash pre-images. It's just simply the sharing of private keys, so that if you broadcast an old version of the settlement transaction, the other party can use the private key to take it all.
It's used in LN to assure the other party that you won't do it. Clever trick, really. Especially how it's built so that it's no danger at all unless you try to broadcast the old version.
It does mean that you _REALLY don't want to run a buggy implemention_, though.
@_date: 2016-02-06 20:53:26
Your scenario fall flat for a very simple reason. It assumes the people who can't fit into the bus will just continue to wait, wait wait wait... In reality people won't wait forever. They'll find some other option that isn't overcrowded. That's not a failure of the system, it'll continue to work for those who're willing to pay the price. Those who can't will find something else or do without. **AS A RESULT THE DEMAND FALLS** and **CONGESTION STOPS**.
The average wait time won't be that high, because no-one will wait that long. Some users will leave and then there's again enough capacity for the remaining users.


Yes, and hence the ones whose time limit is closest will pay what it takes to get the priority. Also, those not willing to pay enough to get included will start exiting the system before congestion is bad enough to have a chance to cause loss of money.
This can't be that difficult to grasp.
@_date: 2016-02-06 17:18:26
Well, at least we agree that this topic doesn't really matter too much and that the multiplier effect is the important part.
I also expect I'll try to refrain from making claims with numbers in the future when they involve the sort of guesswork estimates here require. That being said, I'm not convinced the 120 million estimate is disconnected from reality.
That being said, I don't think the scenario of 120 million people wanting to buy some bitcoin is so far off. At least, if you think 10 years to the future. Bitcoin is rather tiny today but the growth would have to very significantly stagnate to not have 120 million users in 10 years. To doubt the scenario is akin to believing we will fail to improve scalability enough during the next 10 years.


100% saturated does not equal useless. You'd have to assume the fee market just doesn't work at all to make that assumption. The way transaction fees are already increasing in response to transaction pressure proves that it works. Assuming a constant backlog of even just several days requires a mindset where you expect everyone to stubbornly refuse to increase their transaction fee. That makes no sense. Some will pay more and some will figure out some other way to pay and the pressure will stabilize.
A congestion event will slow down growth. However, with LN, the increased fees will also motivate increased efficiency in channel use, so transaction pressure from LN will also decrease as a result and allow a little more growth before the next congestion. This, of course, has diminishing returns, but it's the end game of this process that the 120 million estimate is about.
@_date: 2016-02-29 02:32:06
~~No self respecting wallet should send to an address with a version that it doesn't know about. Please either make sure the wallet you were using gets fixed, or switch to a wallet that's made by someone who cares.~~
I hope you get them back.
Edit: It seems Litecoin completely screwed this thing up by using the exact same transaction version for their P2SH addresses as Bitcoin. No way for a Bitcoin (or litecoin) wallet to tell if a P2SH address is a Bitcoin address or a Litecoin address.
@_date: 2016-02-06 22:40:51
Is your definition of failure that the system stops being able to serve more users than before?
@_date: 2016-02-04 03:26:54
The important difference between a hard fork and a soft fork is that soft fork is, in a sense, backwards compatible while a hard fork isn't. That's the sense I mean. If miners decide to force all legacy transactions out, that's essentially the same as doing a hard fork because it decimates any useful backwards compatibility.
About the supermajority. SW only requires a supermajority of miners to be usable securely. That's a much easier target than a supermajority of all economically important nodes, that a hard fork requires.
I'm not familiar with exactly how Counterparty works. Does it require a lot of transactions? If so, it'd benefit greatly from the reduced transaction pressure due to ... well, just secure payment channels. Full LN isn't actually required to significantly reduce transaction load.
Colored coins I undestand the basics of. Normal LN routing would definitely break the color tracking. However, you can form a separate channel network for exchanging colored coins of the same color. That'd work with the exact same pricinples as LN for bitcoins. In fact, it would be better because it would be able to move both bitcoins and colored coins.
payment processors and merchants would perhaps benefit the most from LN. I'm baffled that you listed them as unable to adapt to LN.
I'm equally baffled about your claim that LN requires low fees. It certainly needs space for one multisig transaction per open channel, but as far as I can tell, the higher the blockchain fees, the more incentive there is to use LN. Or even just payment channels, since we already have an ecosystem of exchanges that are naturally payment hubs for their customers. All that's missing is a possibility for a secure payment channel and SegWit gives us that once there's a supermajority of miners.
I've been writing a longer piece that I think answers or obsoletes most of the other questions you asked. I hope to publish it tomorrow. I'll add another reply with a link then.
@_date: 2017-04-15 20:21:53
a network with different nodes running with different EB/AD parameters is less reliable than one where all nodes use the same parameters. Especially the AD parameter is dangerous when set at something other than infinity.
@_date: 2017-04-25 11:30:07
That would make no sense since all options would get an X mark.
@_date: 2017-04-26 07:53:08
The closure transactions that CA and BH receive will contain an output into their own address, which is their reward as well as the reason it makes sense to assume they'll do their job.
It's probably also worth noting that the closure transactions won't ever be valid unless they're actually needed, so you really only ever need to trust the CA or BH in that they want money.
This also means that it's possible to use more than just one CA or BH. They'd then be competing with each other, on getting the rewards.
Paying the CA and BH continuously makes no sense as that way there's no guarantee that they'll do their job. When the reward is contingent on them actually doing their job, this guarantee naturally arises.
Besides, the hardware required for doing the sort of monitoring required from CA/BH is dirt cheap and it can be completely automated. a Raspberry Pi is perfectly capable of doing it. Yes, even the oldest model available.
This means that the rewards required will be dirt cheap and that pretty much anyone will have the means to run such a service by themselves if need be. They'd just need a stable internet connection _somewhere_.
However, it's unlikely any regular user will really need to worry about that. a single Raspberry Pi could provide this service for thousands of users so the ones set up by tehnically minded people for their own use will grab whatever profit they can by providing it for others as well.


It's telling that your argument hinges on the no-guarantee thing. While what you say is technically true, it also applies to the counter party who's trying to cheat you. The end result is that the expected value of cheating is negative for the cheater and that will result in cheaters being an extremely rare occurrence.
In LN, the tables are set to favor the non-cheating party heavily. In 99.999% of the cases, a cheating attempt of the type you speak of will end up with all the money going to the non-cheating party. To top it off, such an attempt will also leave behind irrefutable evidence of attempted cheating.
As much as you like to throw around the (non)guarantee word, it stops mattering much when you look at the actual odds.
@_date: 2017-04-13 10:06:05


Without nearly unanimous support from exchanges, especially the big ones, UASF will never be even be attempted. So, this point is rather moot.


That depends on the market price for the blocks they mine. That's the main idea in UASF. To make sure that price is almost non-existent for non-segwit blocks. That's the whole reason it needs a supermajority of economically important nodes enforcing it.
Basically, if UASF happens, we're collectively telling the miners "you'll be mining segwit from now on, or you're fired."
@_date: 2017-04-06 08:23:20
No-one but him and whoever works for him would have any reason to object to this BIP. He'd face a totally united community ready to remove his advantage and thus his reason to block segwit.
This particular BIP really does absolutely nothing other than leveling the playing field as far as ASICBOOST is concerned.
@_date: 2016-02-06 12:28:14
I see you're unaware of SegWit.
@_date: 2017-04-19 14:12:40
Emotional arguments? What are you smoking? It's an economical argument. The reason Bitcoin system works at all is that the economical motivations for various actors in the system are properly balanced.
In the technical network, from technical perspective, nodes are equal. From an economical perspective they're anything but. If I fire up a node on a VPS somewhere and just leave it running until the lease on server expires, no one will notice anything when it goes. However, if the node (or nodes) of a major exchange go down, you are going to hear about it, because it inconveniences so many people.
I have no idea why you chose to bring BU to a conversation that has nothing to do with it. The topic is UASF vs current bitcoin chain, which is something quite different.
BIP148 is an enforced signaling flag day. It won't just directly activate segwit. It'll start rejecting blocks that don't signal for segwit. Very different from what the OP was about.
@_date: 2017-04-20 21:23:12
I sometimes wonder if the DDoSers actually care about supporting any vision at all or if they just want to fan the flames of discord.
@_date: 2016-02-01 20:43:35
Fine, I'll just talk about your argument then.
I'll start with noting that not every transaction is equally important. I'm likely not too far from the truth if I just apply the 80:20 rule here. In this case that'd be that 20% of the transactions form 80% of Bitcoin network's actual value. (or 10% vs 90%, who knows)
When transactions can't all fit, it's the lowest value ones that will drop out. The fee matters very little for the higher value ones, so they'll just pay more.
All the data so far includes all the low value transactions too. However, a majority of those could be entirely missing and the value of the network wouldn't noticeably change. 
In short, I think the coming storm has been greatly exaggerated.
@_date: 2017-04-20 12:33:30
The discount is what makes it possible to add more transactions to a block as a soft fork. Without this discount, the only way to increase capacity (that's known) would be to hard fork.
To nodes that don't support segwit, the new segwit transactions don't seem have a witness at all and they will thus look smaller. That's why even old nodes will accept more segwit transactions per block despite the 1MB size limit that they enforce.
Nodes that support segwit will see the witness data, but only count 1/4th of it towards the weight limit. This leads to the actual limits that will be in effect with Segwit.
@_date: 2017-04-14 21:07:41
BU doesn't hurt segwit supporters. BU makes the bitcoin network less reliable and thus hurts everyone. I'd love to see segwit activated, but no change at all is better than BU.
@_date: 2017-04-29 22:59:25
... your understanding of the basic technology behind LN is appalling. You don't appear understand even the basics of how payment channels work. It's ridiculous to see you bashing it with completely mistaken information about it.
They're based on cooperatively (and automatically) recreating the closure transaction every time the balances change. Even if the balances don't change, the transactions can be recreated to fine tune the fee. Also, to assume that they'd use the same fee logic as for normal transactions is ridiculous. The closure transaction is the backup plan and you want to be able to hold it for a while, even if your counterparty goes offline. That means they'll be prepared with a higher fee than would be strictly necessary. In 99% of cases, there will be no need to actually use them.
Closing the channel, sending part of the balance elsewhere and reopening a new channel is very similar to merely updating the current channel balances. The difference is mainly that the process creates and broadcasts a transaction that closes the old channel and creates a new one in the same transaction that sends a part of the balance elsewhere.


I'm sorry to burst your bubble but all we had to do was to remove the fee configuration that we had previously set to use a static fee. Any current wallets will automatically determine the correct fees as long as you don't touch the settings yourself. The wallets are perfectly capable of doing this automatically. The only reason we had a problem is because we had previously configured it to be static when the dynamic fee calculation feature didn't yet exist.


No, the software just automatically initiates a negotiation with the other channel node to recreate the closure transactions with the appropriate fee. Nothing is broadcast, just the fee is updated. Also, while LN itself is designed mainly for smaller transactions, that doesn't mean LN wallets (channels) have to be small. They will be sized based on the expected transaction volume and direction.


The topology is an emergent property that will be shaped by the market forces. I won't pretend to know what it will be. But my guess is that  it'll be two topologies overlaid on each other. One is the centralized hub and spoke type topology and the other is a sparse decentralized mesh network between some of the nodes connected to the hub that connects to a network of other nodes not connected to any centralized hubs. The people who want cheap payments, will use the hubs and those who want privacy will avoid the hubs. Those wanting something in between will use both.
Numbers I won't even attempt to provide. They'll be even less likely to be anywhere close to correct than the above guess. We'll have to wait and see what the actual network will look like. Thankfully, we'll soon have a chance to see one on a production network since Litecoin chose to adopt Segwit and it'll be active in ~two weeks.
Anyway, I'm not surprised you're having trouble getting answers out of people. It's a rare person who has both the patience as well as the technical understanding needed to keep spoon feeding you the information. It's rather exhausting as you prioritize looking for faults over actually understanding how the system works. It also doesn't help that you seem to often forget the information you've been told a a message or two ago.
@_date: 2016-02-04 00:24:52
Yes, miners have the power to essentially make SW closer to a hard fork if they choose to do so in high enough numbers. Any miner imposing restrictions on the number of legacy transactions they include in blocks will contribute to this effect. If the uptake goes too slowly, it's bound to happen to some degree. I just hope they'll refrain from completely cutting service to legacy transactions.
I can't imagine a situation where a block size hard fork would materialize faster than SW can. SW, however, has the advantage that it's benefits can materialize before we have a supermajority whereas a block size hard fork cannot change anything before gaining a supermajority.
I have every reason to believe miners will do everything in their power to push the adoption of SW forward if the capacity limits star t causing serious problems. It's in their interests to keep Bitcoin working, afterall.
There is unfortunately a lot of bad argumentation from supporters of both sides. Anyway, do you have an example of a Bitcoin Business model that can't be easily adapted to work with the Lightning Network?
I didn't take LN too seriously until recently, myself. However, now that I've actually done some reading about it, I'm now convinced it can be implemented and adopted in time to help Bitcoin scale a few of orders of magnitude larger. SW will remove the last technical problems that have been blocking LN's implementation.
There's been some attempted FUD about the lack of concrete routing algorithm for LN being published. However, routing is a research field with over 30 years of research into it. The internet itself couldn't exist without working routing algorithms. The biggest task is figuring out which of the existing algorithms is the best match and adapting it for use in LN. It won't even require any kind of consensus to work, so future upgrades are simple.
It won't remove the need for larger block sizes, but it'll allow for a few more years of exponential growth before that's required. In addition to this, LN transactions also have instant confirmation and the potential for much improved privacy (this depends a lot on the routing algorithms chosen), which will make Bitcoin a much easier to sell.
@_date: 2016-02-01 19:07:39
You're ignoring Lightning Network.
@_date: 2017-04-29 17:47:20
Sure, miners can do whatever they want. They will also live with the consequences. It's the consequences that will limit what they will do, in reality.
A system like Bitcoin is worthless if a minority, even if they own the mining equipment, can unilaterally change the rules like that. No matter how high they increase the block reward, zero times the block reward is always zero. (notice that this doesn't assume the value of Bitcoin going to zero, it's the value of the altcoin they're mining that will be zero)
If miners go so far as to announce it in advance, they will face an united community, ready to switch to another PoW algorithm if that's what it takes to sidestep attacks from the previous miners. There's nothing that unites communities like a common enemy. Miners would be unbelievably stupid to attempt such a stunt.
@_date: 2016-02-06 01:54:17
The salient point here is whether 2 channel opens/closes a year per person on average can be enough. That is for 100 million users. If we talk about 4 per year, then that is 50 million users.
obviously doesn't think that's enough. 2 LN developers think it is. Given the lack of any actual basis for either, I'm inclined to assume LN developers might understand something Mr. Ratcliff missed.
@_date: 2016-02-05 23:25:05
Payment channels are completely trustless once SegWit activates. They'll be equally safe as any normal online Bitcoin wallet. The criticism thrown about is based on the specs of the very old prototypes which are clearly inferior compared to what the specs are today.
@_date: 2017-04-19 12:56:43
Your mistake is assuming that exchanges can do that without support from their customers. If the customer support is not there, the customers will move to an exchange that does things the way they want. Hence, without customer support, exchanges won't even consider supporting UASF.
The only reason UASF is being talked about is because the support is there. You anti-segwit people are a loud minority (or perhaps a sock puppet army? you certainly haven't been a redditor for long).
@_date: 2017-04-27 15:50:42


Neither of those methods result in sensible numbers of real support levels. Miners are a small minority in terms of who comprise the economic majority and node counts aren't any better than a random internet poll that allows one vote per ip.


The relay nodes are ultimately meaningless. They can at most cause a temporary disruption, after which solutions for bypassing them will gain in popularity. Yes, such solutions already exist, they're just relatively unknown due to lack of proof that they're needed.
The bigger danger are the miners themselves. They currently can't engage in economic censorship since it's difficult to tell which transactions to censor. If this were to change, that might become a problem.


They're doing incremental work on a system that's already in production use. Therefore, the criteria for whether to adopt an improvement is not whether the improvement can be proven to be secure but rather whether it can be expected to be better than the implementation before it.
The original implementation from Satoshi was basically proven insecure. So, an implementation that isn't obviously insecure is an improvement. You're correct that there are risks involved in making such fixes, but the risks in delaying the fixes until there's a solution that can be proven to be secure would be even greater. 


There's also the question of available resources. The available resources for the development of the Bitcoin system haven't been quite keeping pace with the expansion of the user base. The necessary resources for producing a proven secure system are a few orders of magnitude greater than what has been available for Bitcoin development so far.
Aside from "fee market", which was a design element from very beginning, every single thing you listed was developed in response to expressed user needs. They certainly aren't perfect. However, with the resources available, the only choices available were unproven solution or no solution. The analyzed and proven solution you're asking for is a pipe dream. At least for now.


Strictly speaking, you're correct about the incentives for individual relay nodes. But you're completely ignoring that there actually exists a large group of people with a strong incentive to make sure the system, as a whole, works reliably. Yes, the individual holders as well as the services that use the system. The more you hold, the more interested you'll be that the system actually works.
If dishonest relay nodes actually become a problem that threatens the value of the system, there'll be no shortage of people, with resources, wanting to help fix it. This is what people mean when they use the term anti-fragile.


At the same time they'd also lose pretty much any relevance they had. This is a meaningless argument. They could do it, certainly, but only once. However, it would be an extraordinarily stupid thing to do. It's telling that your examples are this far removed from the practical reality.


There's a huge difference between trusting that someone will send a message for you and actually trusting them to hold and transfer something valuable for you.
It's like you're completely unable to grasp the concept that every small thing that requires less trust is less friction and therefore makes the society work smoother.


Are you being anal-retentive about the meaning of the word guarantee? It sounds to me like you're trying to demand much better guarantees for the system than required for practical purposes.
There are ways to get even 0-fee transactions confirmed. CPFP is one option and paying a miner directly is another, should the CPFP method fail for some reason (it works very well, I've used it enough to say that).


The blockchain and LN aren't as separate as you make them out to be. Any blockchain transaction can be an opening transaction to a payment channel. Also, if the first paycheck transaction opens a channel between the company and alice and alice spends the paycheck by routing the payments through that channel, then the next paycheck can be paid through that very channel by merely rewriting the transaction so alice has more balance again.
LN only needs to be limited to small amounts when you're dealing with parties you can't trust.


It's remotely possible the average transaction fees might peak to $2-3 for a small while in the near future. But that won't be a permanent state because it'd accelerate the adoption of technologies to optimize the use of transactions, which will again drop the fees to sensible levels and enable another period of growth. Moonbeam is one example of such a technology.


I'm starting to wonder if we're actually living on the same planet. Of the things you list, customer assistance is the only one of those that _some banks_ might do a better job of than Bitcoin. (Yes, I'm talking about actual performance, not theoretical.)
@_date: 2017-04-20 11:42:30
Core can't make agreements because there's no leader. Yes, there are people with significant influence over the group of people who comprise Bitcoin Core, but there is no leader.
The difference between a leader and the most influential group member is that a leader has the power to coerce the group into doing things. An influential member can only try to persuade the others into doing things.
This is a crucial difference. *You can't make promises for the group if you lack the power to coerce the group into keeping them.*
@_date: 2016-02-13 19:31:04
Sorry for the late reply, I didn't have time to look at reddit for a few days.
Usually, when a channel is closed, it's closed in cooperation with both parties. In that case closing happens with a single transaction and both sign it. I mention this to prevent a misunderstanding many people get if I don't say this.
Then there's the rare situation when you want to close the channel and the other party is not available or is uncooperative. That's when you'll use the channel contract, which is normally a chain of 2 transactions. This is what exchange B would have to use to close  the channel without your cooperation.
The crucial point is that the second transaction in the chain is timelocked. It's not valid before a timeout period has passed from the first transaction getting confirmed. That's the transaction that would give exchange B the 1 BTC. The exchange has this transaction with signature from customer A. In addition, it also needs signature from Exchange B to be valid after the timelock has passed.
When exchange B wants to prove to customer A that they don't intend to use that transaction, all they need to do is to send the private key needed for that transaction to customer A. Customer A is then in possession of both private keys needed to spend the output and can craft a transaction to spend it without a timelock.
In other words, if exchange B broadcasts the first transaction of the chain, customer A can then broadcast an immediate transaction that grabs coins while the exchange's version of the next transaction is timelocked.
@_date: 2017-04-17 15:09:29
When the requirement for the reviewer is to conclude with nearly absolute certainty that a) it doesn't change anything in the consensus and b) doesn't have any bugs that affect consensus. Yes, that is the case, in practice.
Theoretically speaking, sure it can be reviewed. However, the time it'd take to review it in sufficient detail is astronomical. For this reason, most reviewers just won't bother and give out the default "unacceptable" result for it.
It'd most likely be less work to implement the fixes properly (and reviewably) yourself than to verify if this thing works correctly.
@_date: 2017-04-15 22:10:03
For AD, the only safe setting is infinite. For EB, as long as all nodes use the same setting there, no problem. However, that's unlikely to happen since that's also considered the voting mechanism.
@_date: 2017-04-26 22:52:04


Right... well, you're welcome to invent a better design... in fact anyone can. If there's a better design, it doesn't take a fork to make use of it. Individual nodes can just upgrade whenever they want.
The current system may not provide rigorous guarantees that it'll work, but in practice *it does work*. If you're trying to say it's only because no-one has yet yanked the power cord out the wall... well, you're welcome to yank it. I doubt you can though.
But I do have a nitpick with your statement. The system does not depend on trusting that individual volunteers will act honestly. It only depends on trusting that enough (a minority is enough) of those volunteers will act honestly. Also, the devs do understand the problem. Otherwise, why would there be so much complexity in the networking code for the sole purpose of making sybil attacks harder? For instance, the node won't automatically connect to multiple IP addresses from the same subnet.


There's nothing that forces anyone to use the non-mining relays. Anyone can connect directly with miners if they so choose. The non-mining relay network is part of the current implementation, but it's not an essential part of it. It's the easiest part of the protocol to just replace entirely.
If it turns out that the volunteer network really isn't trustworthy enough, non volunteer services will quickly pop up and the problem will soon be history. Users can then each decide for themselves whether the non volunteer service is worth the set price.
You also appear to fail to realize that third-party BH's aren't the primary security measure but merely a fail-safe system that can be used to make things more reliable if none of your own systems are reliable. If you have a reliable system somewhere, you can run your own BH on it. If not, you need to borrow someone else's BH.
The BH's might start out as basically volunteers, but like the relay network, they're easily replaced with non volunteer services if necessary. Likewise, each user will decide for themselves if they actually need it.
That being said, the people building LN have made it quite clear that they don't think it makes sense to use for large payments, so there's that. However, Bitcoin works pretty well for large payments already, so the only niche LN really needs to fill is small payments.


I never considered the DAO by itself. But I did fully expect such a hack to happen to a system like that... So 100%?
@_date: 2017-04-27 09:57:06
I'm inclined to put this one down to an individual developer taking a dangerous insecure shortcut in implementing a remote control panel feature. I mean, what's the point in having a remote shutdown feature in an open source miner project? 
I mean, if they were really evil, they'd have made it possible to change the pool address through the remote control mechanism and the mechanism itself would've been hidden much better.
Then again, there's no proof that such a mechanism doesn't also exist and this thing is just there to fool people into thinking they dealt with the danger.
So, TL;DR, this one doesn't really mean much either way... well, other than that at least one of their coders is dangerously sloppy with security.
@_date: 2017-04-29 12:27:37
Most industries start out being effectively monopolized by one company. It usually takes that company doing something a lot of people don't like for the situation to start fixing itself. We're currently at about the turning point.
What's next is that we'll see competitors pop up, hungry to grab the market share that's up for grabs due to the anger Bitmain created in people.
However, this won't be immediate because ASIC development takes time. 6 months is pretty much the minimum time it takes, so that's when I'd expect to start seeing the effects. 6 months.
@_date: 2017-04-25 11:14:43
I don't think the average user needs to actively care about it. The plan is  to incentivize third parties to do this monitoring by making the penalty txs pay those third parties a little reward in case it's needed. Hence, you can automate this through a p2p network.
If the channel balance is fully (100%) owned by the user when the penalty has to be broadcast, this approach might end up losing the user some money. However, I suspect the risk can be eliminated in practice by simply making the wallet refuse to receive more than channel balance - penalty reward through the channel.
Wallets could allow advanced users to organize this kind of thing by themselves, but the default settings can be fully automated.
@_date: 2017-04-26 16:42:43


I expect the freemium model would be reasonably popular. So, light users can just provide the punishment transactions with a reward while heavier users (as in more punishment transactions to keep track of) would have to pay a very small fee for each uploaded transaction.


The automatic timeout closure transactions are something I read about for the first time today. It seems they're only needed if LN is implemented without a malleability fix. The Segwit version uses Bounty Hunters while the non-Segwit version would accomplish the same thing with Closure Attorney.
Without Segwit, the channels will be absolute timeout based and the bidirectionality is achieved by making the newer closure transactions valid earlier. Miners would be natural candidates for CAs as they'd want the fees associated with the closure transaction when it closes.
The Segwit version has relative timeouts and indefinitely open channels and thus would use the Bounty Hunter model.


Reputation system and using multiple services at the same time would work pretty well.


Yes, you're correct that _in the general case_ such a number is very difficult to come up with. However, for individual channels, you can calculate the odds of failure from their setup as well as who is the counterparty.
Basically the key requirements for a worst case scenario with a channel are an unscrupulous counterparty, bad internet outage for your wallet and an unreliable or nonexistent CA/BH. If any one of these aspects is not handled badly, things will work.




That risk is not unquantifiable. Nor is it unmanageable. There are only two kinds of people who are having problems. One is those using obsolete wallets and the other is people trying to dance on the knife's edge and pay as little as possible. It's not a good idea to do the latter with LN closure transactions. The former is dealt with by the fact that no LN supporting wallets will have obsolete fee policies.
As for your "practical" example, the odds of such an event are so non-existent that I almost completely forgot you presented such an example. Are you actually trying to be taken seriously? If you actually care about your transactions confirming in reasonable times, it's not difficult to achieve.
@_date: 2016-02-14 20:44:48
Hey, don't look down on "ghetto" solutions! They work! (at least for some definitions of working)
@_date: 2017-04-12 12:58:53
If miners want to go bankrupt, they're welcome to do that. All their income currently comes through the economically important nodes. If they choose to ignore them, they just won't be paid anymore.
Well, if you could get a supermajority (90%+) of miners to do that for an extended period of time, it might have some chance of success. But unlike strikes in regular companies, mining is an open market. Enough new miners might still pop up and turn the tables.
To top it off, if UASF is seriously attempted *and* miners choose to resist in huge numbers, Bitcoin's price is going to take a serious nosedive. Most miners won't be willing to risk being left with piles of useless paperweights (the mining hardware) just to stop segwit.
If UASF succeeds, though, I'm expecting a huge rally as a result.
What the ETH/ETC split showed is that miners will go to where the money is. No reason to expect this to work differently.
@_date: 2016-02-06 14:43:14
For multisig transactions, the increase is higher due to having a bigger proportion of witness data.
The bitcoin network we have today cannot safely open payment channels. The malleability issue, that SegWit fixes, is a showstopper. It makes no sense to estimate LN capacity in the current network.
You can find my thoughts on the scaling multiplier factor in the other thread. 
@_date: 2017-04-20 11:53:42
I think a very significant piece of this issue is that people are completely misunderstanding the nature of the group called Bitcoin Core. This is especially obvious from the fact that many, including Jiang Zhuoer, keep trying to demand promises from Core in exchange for supporting Segwit.
To have someone capable of making the kind of promises they ask for would mean that the group had a leader capable of coercing the group into fulfilling those promises. This is obviously impossible, but I don't remember seeing anyone pointing it out before.
The group called Bitcoin Core is way too decentralized for something like that to be possible.
Edit: Well, except for things for which there's a consensus. Although even then, there can't be promises.
@_date: 2016-02-01 01:17:17
First, I apologize for the sharp tone.
But, this particular wrong word can confuse the hell out of many people if they don't realize it's not actually saying what it looks like to be saying. If you're the one who wrote the text quoted, please fix it wherever you can.
Bitcoin only has explicit transaction acceptance. Rejection can only be guessed at from the lack of acceptance. The only instance where transaction rejection is explicit is when a double spend of it ends up accepted. _As long as there are no confirmations, bitcoins haven't really moved and are possible to double spend_.
@_date: 2017-04-26 07:09:38
It's a control thing. When banks do that, they control your money entirely. With LN, you're in control.
@_date: 2016-02-06 02:14:02
Not every country has prohibitively expensive license systems. Some countries even have volume limits under which there's no licence requirement and of course, license requirements are impossible to enforce if you don't know who is routing. The trustlessness of LN makes it unnecessary to know who it is who is routing your payments.
As for misunderstanding, it sounds to me like it's you who is misunderstanding LN. What is it that you think would prevent paying people through LN or would prevent a customer with channels to two exchanges routing payments between the 2 exchanges?
@_date: 2017-04-19 19:48:01


You know... change is the only thing that's guaranteed. Especially given the nature of what's being built here. We've barely had time to just scratch the surface of what can be done with smart contracts. I do understand the preference to approach things conservatively, but when it goes so far as to entirely ignore the enormous potential in the technology... just mad.




If LN ends up being the primary method of payment, that actually opens up possibilities for scaling on chain capacity that don't require block size increase hard forks. Additional two-way pegged side chains will be enough to scale the system because as long as there's no exchange rate risk between the chains, LN routing doesn't need to care which chain the channels are actually on.
In such a case, even the proposed extension block would be entirely sufficient to scale the system.
So, sidechains or extension blocks can be used to scale bitcoin once we've got a working LN network. Both of these are essentially soft forks, but of such a nature that even resistance from a majority of miners couldn't delay them from being deployed if the market really wanted them.
@_date: 2016-02-06 02:16:06
I see you're not willing to point where the math error is.
Edit: More specifically, I'd be curious to know what kind of math tells you that 4 channel open/closes a year aren't enough for 50 million people.
@_date: 2017-04-12 10:42:21
Just the development team? You know, successfully pushing through a PoW change would require active support from a supermajority of the community. Otherwise it'll just end up as an altcoin, if even that. The developers can't do it alone.
It makes no sense to focus on the development team as not being trusted by miners. In such a case it would be a decision by the whole community.
There are situations where "honest" miners are screwed anyway. It's kind of like nukes. It's much preferable that they're never used, but the potential that they might be used will in itself make people act with more restraint.
@_date: 2016-02-06 20:11:57


You do get instant confirmations and microtransactions even if you just use routing services that others provide. I expect there'll be political pressure in the U.S. to reform the regulation as we get closer to actually being able to use LN. More if it starts to get popular elsewhere.


This issue is far from clear cut. So far every company has just folded. No-one has actually tested what the U.S. will do if foreign companies blatantly break the rules.
Besides, there's no way to effectively refuse all U.S. users if you aren't doing full KYC procedures. Somehow it doesn't sound credible that the U.S. would go after civilians in other countries for routing payments for U.S. citizens in LN.
But I do agree that the regulation problem can be a big issue, though. Still, currently it's the only option that I know of that can scale Bitcoin enough.


I guess you haven't paid attention to how much some people are willing to pay for anonymity.


Ah, you think of channels as uni-directional. They're bi-directional. Any funds sent to the exchange through a channel will become exchange's coins but will stay in the channel and can be used for transfers back to the customer. The only situation that a channel is uni-directional is when one party owns all the coins in it.
Let's take an example. Let's say person A makes a 1 BTC channel with exchange B and exchange C. The channel with exchange B is left with all coins owned by person A. However, with channel to exchange C, he immediately sends all the coins to either the exchange or routes them to another customer through the exchange. This leaves the channel open with the coins owned by exchange C.
In this situation, person A is able to route up to 1 BTC payment from exchange C to exchange B. Now, let's assume he actually routes 0.4 BTC payment from exchange C to exchange B. This leaves him able to route 0.6 BTC from C to B and 0.4 BTC from B to C.
this of course, stops if either exchange decides they want to close the channel to send the coins elsewhere. However, this is likely to happen only if they see more value in moving the coins to some other channel.
@_date: 2017-04-19 15:59:43
Every single claim in that text is either a distortion of the truth or flat out misinformation.


According to what we know today, yes. However, we keep figuring out new ways to scale without increasing block size. Segwit also removes the barriers for more complex smart contracts, most of which are severely hampered by malleability. Who knows what kind of scaling solutions will eventually emerge from those. LN could well merely be the tip of the iceberg.


What do you mean protocol? People using LN will naturally have a scaling effect. What more protocol do you need?
Anyway, there's a project called Moonbeam out there that works without Segwit and somewhat resembles LN in how it works. It's however only semi-decentralized as it lacks the routing aspect of LN. It's basically only useful for optimizing away transactions between bigger wallet providers and merchants.
It's every bit as centralizing as the crowd has been blaming LN for being, but without Segwit, that's the only way to scale. Still, lacking Segwit, it's probably the best way to scale.
@_date: 2017-04-19 09:01:26
If UASF happens and there are enough miners to successfully attack it for a signficant length of time, the end result will be total collapse of the bitcoin (and most likely all altcoins as well) market.
You sure you would risk that?
@_date: 2016-02-16 16:07:35
The second transaction in the chain, the timelocked one is the one that transfers the coins to the real destination address. So the channel can still be closed at will by either party alone, as long as they use the most recent channel state transaction.
(sorry for the terse reply this time, not enough time to write more at this moment)
@_date: 2012-09-27 21:03:35
It's actually more for shielding nodes while they're in the initial download. Without checkpoints, If someone managed to perform a sybil attack on a node that's in the initial download, they could easily feed that node a low difficulty forked chain with whatever transactions they want. With checkpoints, this is not possible.
@_date: 2017-04-04 15:23:59
Technically speaking, the majority of miners can force the remaining minority of miners to validate whatever soft-fork change they want.
However, economically speaking, that only matters if users actually choose to use it.
Also, if the majority of users want to reject the change, any soft fork can be practically disabled with a UASF making any use of the new features invalid. However, if there are enough people who want the new features desperately enough, this is likely to cause the network to split into two separate networks.
@_date: 2016-02-08 19:19:16
You can read the technical details from the lightning network whitepaper draft. It's only a couple of pages to get the detailed answer to this question. 
I'll try to offer a simplified answer though.
Your understanding is correct that a bi-directional channel requires funding a multisig address with one key for both participants. So, it can't be opened without active interaction from both wallets. However, there's no requirement that both parties put Bitcoins in it. The channel will be effectively unidirectional as long as one party owns all the coins in it and becomes bidirectional once a part of the coins are moved in that direction. If all coins are moved, the channel is still unidirectional, but the direction is reversed.
There's an algorithm called HTLC (Hash TimeLocked Transaction) in the lightning network paper. This is the machinery that allows multiple channels to route transactions trustlessly. It's what prevents fraud. The basic principle is to structure the transfer such that there's no moment during which a channel closing would lose anyone any money.
You might also wonder what keeps someone from broadcasting an old version of the transaction used to close the channel. Simply the fact that if they do so, they stand to lose everything in the channel to the other participant. I was a bit alarmed when I first read about this, but it makes sense. You can always broadcast the newest closing transaction without this risk.
By the way, any N of N multisig transaction can be transformed into a channel between the participants. Without any new transactions hitting the blockchain. Channels with more than 2 participants come with some additional complexity, though. This is because every participant needs to have their wallet online for the channel to be functional at all.
@_date: 2017-04-19 08:46:45


Might you happen to have a link to data to back this claim?
@_date: 2017-04-30 20:19:06


I'm rather puzzled as to what's the point of this juggling here. It's a channel with $X owned by Bob and $Y owned by Alice. The settlement transaction will require enough fee that it confirms. As long as the total funds in channel ($X+$Y) is more than fee, it make sense for the participants to split the fee according to their shares of the total funds. So if the transaction fee required was $3, Bob had $10 and Alice had $5 in the channel, then it'd make sense for them to set aside $3 for the fee, $8 for Bob's output and $4 for Alice's output.


In this case it wouldn't exactly be a new payment but a transaction fee. There's also the option that the fee will be paid entirely by the party who closes the channel, so if that is the agreed on policy, then the one who is in more of a hurry to close the channel will end up paying the fee.


First of all, routing nodes can freely set their fees to whatever they want. So, Hank could do that with a single extra node.
All the descriptions of the user interface that I've seen display the total fee for the entire route when asking the user for confirmation. So, the user will notice if it's especially expensive and will likely complain to Hank that his routes are expensive.
@_date: 2017-04-12 08:42:27
The danger of PoW change, which becomes very real if it's done even once, will discourage the kind of gigantic investment that results in a single party having a dangerously big portion of the hashrate.
@_date: 2016-02-01 23:28:46
I make no judgements on what is or is not valuable. Those using the system will do that.
My point is that block size limit won't limit the price of Bitcoin according to the equation you provided and that the reason is that most transactions don't have the same effect on the system's total value.
In other words, your estimates are at least an order of magnitude too small. This is what I mean with the storm being exaggerated. There's still time to work out a properly engineered solution. Plenty enough to see if LN can be that and then apply hard fork to increase blocksize if it proves to be lacking.
@_date: 2017-04-04 16:55:22
While Reject AnyoneCanSpend would work for the purpose, it'd be way too broad.
The UASF would ideally do the bare minimum needed to effectively disable the coupling with regular bitcoin. That could mean it makes the 2-way-peg transactions, that are used to transfer bitcoins to and from the extension chain, invalid.
Another possibility would be to simply detect presence of the extension block and reject the block as a valid bitcoin block if it's present.
Whether either of these actually makes sense, though, is another question. If miners are stubborn, it could potentially end with a game of whack a mole, which destroys any further soft forkability of the system.
Economical rejection, such as simply refusing to use the extension chain are much more likely to work. Also, the UASF could potentially be used to not entirely reject the extension chain but rather impose additional limits on it's use that transform it into an acceptable upgrade.
This is far from a black and white issue and there are likely to be creative options available that didn't occur to me while I was writing this reply.
@_date: 2017-04-13 10:30:59
Temporary congestion can be lived with if the result is a capacity upgrade, such as Segwit. Orphaning only happens if there's a valid chain of blocks that's longer. No UASF node will accept the invalid one no matter how long it gets.
The drawback is that if less than 50% of miners choose to cooperate, non UASF nodes might end up facing double spend attacks that make use of the longer invalid chain to convince them.


The average user has a very small amount of say here. The ones with real influence are those who do a lot of business transactions with bitcoin. They also have a lot skin in the game.
@_date: 2017-04-30 17:18:37
Only channel opens and closes involve on-chain fees. When there are fees involved in LN payments, those fees go to the routing nodes, not to miners.
When the fee levels required for confirmation change on the Bitcoin network, the transactions that need updating are the channel settlement transactions, not the individual payments done through LN. The LN payments are done through manipulating the channel balances by recreating the channel's settlement transaction (and invalidating the previous one).
So the transaction you'd be recreating with the updated fee is the channel settlement transaction. Both parties will want to be able to close the channel if necessary, so I wouldn't expect non-cooperation to become an issue here. Especially if the agreed on settlement fee policy is to pay it proportional to your balance on the channel. That is, if you have 80% of the funds, your share of the fee is also 80%.
Also, since we're talking about the technical details, Alice and Bob don't really refer to the users themselves, but rather to their wallets. The wallet users wouldn't be making these decisions, themselves. They'd just configure their wallets and leave the rest to automation.
@_date: 2015-07-17 12:34:21
Open Source projects certainly can be insecure bug riddled pieces of dung. It seems, however, that you're completely oblivious as to how to tell apart which project is like that and which isn't.
The answer is that it depends on how many people care about the project enough to fix it. Some projects are unimportant enough that no-one care enough to fix even the easily found &amp; fixed problems.
With a project like Bitcoin, any flaw is potentially worth millions of dollars to an exploiter. It's been like that for years now. Do you seriously expect we haven't at least had a swarm of black hats go through the code very carefully?
I should also point out that while there are a lot of bitcoins stolen every day, that's not due to the bitcoin core protocol but rather user security. There's been no succesful abuse of a critical protocol flaw. (There was an attempt in the early days, but it ended up unsuccessful)
@_date: 2017-04-16 15:25:52
You know, that's probably the point.
@_date: 2016-12-11 19:46:13
That sort of fee is actually pretty common for debit card payments. Just, it's usually hidden from the buyer and only appears in the merchant's bills. But you can be sure it's making everything you pay for a little more expensive than it'd be otherwise.
@_date: 2016-02-06 13:18:37
2MB blocksize estimate comes from SegWit, which is not a hard fork, but a soft fork. That around doubles the transactions per day for multisig txs, which is what the channels are. The malleability fix from SegWit is necessary for channels to be secure to open, so I see no point in calculating with 1MB.
About liquidity, lots of people have liquidity. Anyone with savings has liquidity. Only one participant in every channel needs to have enough liquidity for the channel to be stable. Your assumptions will likely be true at the start, but over time the need for new channels will drop because most people without liquidity will have found others that actually have the liquidity to keep channels open.
Anyway, if this didn't convince you, we most likely will have to agree to disagree. I somehow get the feeling you'd prefer not to discuss the liquidity topic.
Edit: Also, if transaction fees rise, channels will start to become longer lived. Your assumption about the channel open/close rates is probably correct in the beginning.
@_date: 2017-04-19 12:47:02
The original claim was that those constitute a majority of Bitcoin's usage. *1.3% of all the Bitcoins in existence* is not quite the kind of data that would help there. Especially since there's no telling how much of that was in active use rather than just being held. I see no reason to assume that the users who owned those coins were less likely to just hold them than Bitcoin holders more generally.
@_date: 2017-04-06 07:02:39
Asicboost doesn't create more hashrate. It just reduces the energy required. Which does allow more hashrate for the same energy, but still requires more mining hardware.
@_date: 2012-09-30 11:18:36
1. You own the private key with blockchain.info wallet.
2. blockchain.info offers several methods of backing up your key. Including emailing you a backup and an easy way to print a password protected paper wallet. Not sure what's the process for recovering from these in case blockchain.info suddenly vanishes.
3. The software for blockchain.info wallet is automatically updated from the site whenever you use the site. So, the owner or someone who hacks into the server could modify the code to grab your unencrypted wallet the next time you type in your password.
Also, a keylogger on your own computer would be dangerous.
@_date: 2012-12-09 23:40:45
If you don't want to wait for the database to verify, don't try to skip it by torrenting the database. Instead, use a light weight alternative client that simply skips most of the verification by design. You'll get by with a lot less downloading too, that way. Multibit is one example of such a client.
@_date: 2012-10-09 17:33:07
For all practical purposes you can treat the number of addresses creatable from the seed as infinite.
In reality the number is limited. It's just so big of a limit that you'd have to be doing something truly extraordinary to hit it.
When restoring from the seed, I expect it just scans the blockchain and deduces how many are used from looking at which addresses have already received coins at least once.
@_date: 2016-02-19 12:02:53
Communication channels and repositories are easily replaceable. This kind of control is too weak to actually matter.
The only thing with a centralizing effect is trust. In a system like Bitcoin, you can only gain power if enough people trust that you'll do the right thing. (and that power is lost very fast if you misuse it or make bad decisions)
@_date: 2012-08-14 08:15:36
somehow doesn't feel so subtle to have a huge coin in the background. Even if it's mostly transparent :D perhaps something similar to what ferroh did but in the background and transparent?
@_date: 2012-08-30 18:39:06
Someone with 20kBTC is sending small amounts of bitcoins to a lot of others. Nothing especially interesting. The total looks big because it counts the same coins multiple times. In this case, around 180 times. The real amount of bitcoins that were sent in the block in question is around 5000BTC.
When you send bitcoins, you have to spend one whole send all at once. In this case, the 20k had been sent to the address in one lump. when you send coins from such a lump, the bitcoin software uses the lump for input, the address you're transferring to gets what you're sending and _all the rest_ goes to an address called a change address.
A change address is just a regular address from the wallet that gets selected to hold the change.
tl;dr nothing to see here, move on.
@_date: 2017-04-19 12:40:23
In technical terms, you're correct. But you can't reason about the UASF process if you merely think about the technical side of things.
Bitcoin is a network on which economic activity happens. Any node that is not used for participating in that activity is meaningless as far as UASF is concerned. (Any node used to validate the blockchain to either receive or send transactions is meaningful though)
In other words, economic activity is the deciding factor for whether or not UASF succeeds. Of course, if the market disagrees with the node decisions on which fork to use, the activity itself might move to nodes that made the choice that market wants. For this reason, economic nodes will be motivated to find out which choice the market wants in advance.
PS. BIP148 is not the topic of this post. The argumentation is about flag day activation style UASF of segwit, so signaling is meaningless for the purposes of this post.
@_date: 2017-04-25 12:38:35
The key wasn't distributed storage, although that might be a possible side-effect. The idea was to use storage space as the most important piece of hardware for calculating proof of work (or in this case, proof of storage).
@_date: 2012-07-21 22:50:39
Yes. All flashiness, no content. Makes me wonder if there's actually anything there at all.
@_date: 2017-04-29 17:21:16


The closing transaction and the delays associated with it only come into play if the counterparty in the channel refuses to cooperate or isn't reachable. It's the backup plan. In the normal situation, the counterparty will cooperate and will sign a transaction to close the channel that includes an output to the address you wanted to send the coins to. That very same transaction can then have another output that creates a new channel between the two of you, if desired. To an outside observer, that'd look identical to a transaction that sends coins from a multisig wallet and returns the change to a new multisig address.


There are solutions, you just refuse to call them solutions. Even if they were to turn out too unreliable to trust, the worst case is that you need to avoid forming channels with people you can't sue if they cheat. It'll still be more efficient and more trustless than the legacy systems we have.


I suppose you're not aware of hardware wallets? For example ledger 
While it's a third party to trust, using one of these will minimize the amount of third parties you need to trust compared to a regular computer. These are basically hacker immune. Yes, even if it's connected to the computer while a hacker invades.


This is an example of the incentive in action I mentioned earlier. Bitcoin holders have the incentive to proactively do things that help avoid Titanic style disasters. On the surface it might look like goodwill, but the real motivation likely was the desire to prevent the exchange rate drop that a Titanic level disaster would lead to. It's also rather likely that he wasn't the only one monitoring for things like this. This is the kind of thing you will monitor for only if you think it's likely it'll happen.


Yes, thankfully Mt.Gox is no longer presenting a risk and there are plenty of exchanges available these days that are actually regulated, so people have better options available to them. However, it's worth pointing out that only those users that want to combine Bitcoin with the legacy system will bear this risk. It doesn't exist for users who avoid the legacy system entirely.
@_date: 2012-10-04 14:20:33
Sounds like your bitcoin installation is stuck. I suggest you do the following:
1. backup wallet.dat
2. upgrade bitcoin to newest version
3. see if the newest version manages to sync with the network, if so, stop here.
4. If that didn't help, delete all the files in the bitcoin data directory except wallet.dat (and bitcoin.conf if it exists).
5. Start a new sync and wait until it completes.
@_date: 2016-02-06 14:34:11
Why would that preclude US companies from being part of LN? It'd prevent them from participating in the routing process, not from using it.
Finland, for example, doesn't require a license unless you yourself are issuing digital money and the volumes you process are under certain limits. The limit for a private person is 50000 per month (averaged over the past 12 months) and for a company that is 3 million  per month.
Source:  (The text is in Finnish, unfortunately)




A channel can be opened without knowing who the other party in the channel is. All that is needed is a communications link to them. Good luck with using just that for legal enforcement. a payment hub as a Tor hidden service is technically possible.






If you look at the lightning network whitepaper ( it describes a protocol for routing a payment through multiple channels in a chain trustlessly. The protocol can be used if you have some way of figuring out the route, which in this case should pose little problem due to the short length.
@_date: 2017-04-18 08:11:41
True, past certain complexity, drawing it out is the only real option. Human mind is somewhat limited in how complex of a code it can run correctly without assistance.
@_date: 2017-04-19 16:07:14
This is what we'll have to settle with if we don't get Segwit.
It's more centralized than LN, but works without Segwit and can achieve most of the practical benefits of LN, provided you're willing to use one of the centralized wallet providers that choose to support it.
It's basically what has been yelling to be wrong with LN and therefore resisting Segwit and now we're getting it since it's the only thing we can do without Segwit.
Thank you for limiting our options and leaving only the more centralizing options on the table.
@_date: 2017-04-30 22:40:14


Why would Bob spend weeks just watching the fees rise until they've risen to the point where the settlement transaction is useless?


I'm not quite sure why you keep bringing the CPFP fee thing into this. If you can increase the original fee, why would you use CPFP?


I'm puzzled. What's the point in increasing fees for an *LN payment* later? Makes no sense to me. Why would anyone ever agree to that? And as such, why would anyone try to request that?
@_date: 2017-04-12 13:05:58
It's also power that's easily lost if misused. The only way to keep that power is to use it responsibly.
@_date: 2017-04-25 18:15:22
Doesn't work until segwit is activated.
@_date: 2017-04-19 19:24:15
If so, then you can't call it artificially inflating.
@_date: 2017-04-22 15:00:26
This person has a really weird definition for the term "hard fork" that has nothing to do with the technical term "hard fork". He wants a market for chain rule suggestions, not a fork as such.
He's also mistaken about Core Developers pushing a contentious change. Segwit was developed because there was practically no opposition to it. If the opposition had materialized during the development, the whole project would have been scrapped and never released.
The only reason we're in a situation where Segwit is being viewed as contentious is that some people were silent until release and *then* started through contention around.
In other words, if it had been apparent that Segwit was contentious, it'd never have been developed.
@_date: 2016-02-05 23:30:27
The article behind that (codesuppository) link leads to an article whose writer clearly hasn't even read LN whitepaper. There are some points in there which are valid worries, but he bloats them entirely out of proportion with the ignorance with which he approaches the subject.
Most of the article is based on his imagination, unfortunately.
in case someone wants to read the whitepaper, you can download it here: 
@_date: 2012-06-09 08:03:16
This is highly dependent on there being local exchangers in USA who are willing to take your bitcoins and send dollars to your bank account as well as local exchangers in Europe to take your euros and give you bitcoins.
However, if you can find someone in both areas to help you do this, sure, it's possible.
@_date: 2016-02-01 19:04:07
The pressure is a combination of two things. One is because a real split of the community is an undesirable result to pretty much anyone involved. An actual split of any meaningful size will mean financial loss to everyone involved with Bitcoin.
Some people also think that capacity limits will lead to price crash when they start being reached badly enough. So, the only way they see to avoid price crash is to increase capacity, so they push for that. Very straightforward.
I'm not worried about that myself, though. I think Bitcoin is strong enough to recover from such a crash, if it ever happens. If it doesn't, market pressure will eventually force a consensus about block size raise due to fees, if it actually ends up being necessary. Due to LN, we might not need to increase the maximum size for a few years.
If it does happen, then we have empirical evidence that that's how the market will react and a fix will likely be implemented with very little controversy and a lot of "I told you so" from many people.
Some degree of split will most likely happen, though. Or rather, has already began. The people who've lost trust in Bitcoin as a result of this controversy will either exit cryptocurrencies entirely or will pick one of the already existing altcoins to support instead.
The degree of this split depends a lot on Bitcoin Core team's communication with the community. How well they manage to communicate that they're actually acting with the best interests of Bitcoin in mind and that they'll continue to do so.
I find that a hard fork without (most of) the core team supporting it is rather unlikely to happen. It's exceedingly difficult to put together another team of engineers that people would trust enough to even have a chance at convincing people to hard fork.
All this being said, I don't have a strong opinion on this. If a consensus forms for increasing the block size limit, then we do it. If not, we don't. However, in my mind there's no urgency, so I won't actively push for it.
@_date: 2016-02-01 01:05:23
Thank you for the clarification. It seems I wasn't up to date on the features of LN channels. I better go see if I can find a good document on the details.
@_date: 2012-10-09 17:35:12
There's a third thing that's missing from your list.
If you've been using an unencrypted wallet and encrypt it, you need to make a new backup. The enryption process throws out the keypool of unused addresses and generates new ones.
@_date: 2012-09-30 10:02:08
n-factor authentication for wallets is being built. The current situation is that the Bitcoin-network has been upgraded with the necessary tools (multisig transactions). What is still missing is an easy to use implementation of that for the various purposes it enables.
The raw tool is basically as follows: You can make a transaction to a special address that requires signatures from multiple wallets to be spent. This allows for N of M (where N &lt;= M &lt;= 20) transactions.
For example, you could make a 2 of 3 address where signature from 2 of the 3 addresses specified is necessary to spend the coins. One from computer wallet, one from cellphone wallet and one from paper wallet.
The thing that's missing is software that makes creating and spending from these addresses easy enough.
@_date: 2017-04-14 01:36:38
The original UASF concept would merely set a date and start enforcing the new rules segwit introduces for transactions at the flag date. It'd just ignore the signaling and just switch it on at the same time for everyone who's running it.
There'd be no rejecting of blocks based on signaling. Also, old node software has no code that'd create blocks that are invalid under the new segwit rules, so to actually get their blocks rejected, miners would need actively attempt to violate the rules.
The reason BIP148 ended up being "reject blocks that don't signal segwit" is that it's trying to activate segwit by forcing the activation through the 95%+ threshold mechanism. This is because very nearly the whole network (except for BU and co) is already running nodes with segwit support.
This way, it's likely to be sufficient if just exchange companies and payment processors run it and thus force miners to support segwit if they want to continue to be paid for their mining.
@_date: 2017-04-23 15:41:34
Sure, there probably are many individuals capable of gobbling the arbitrage opportunity. However, how many of them do you think would be willing to trust their money to Bitfinex in the current situation?
Especially, how many do you think would be willing to risk millions at that?
@_date: 2012-09-15 20:03:31
Unfortunately, the only people who've got the numbers you could base an educated guess on are not going to share them before the end of month.
@_date: 2012-06-18 08:27:02
This is attracting wider attention already. If you can explain the reasoning behind your stance, I'm sure many would be interested.
It frankly boggles my mind what it could be that merits this kind of hard line treatment. Makes it feel like you expect dire consequences if anyone keeps talking about bitcoin on your site.
I can't imagine what those could be though.
@_date: 2017-04-29 16:19:39


You've got it backwards. It's you who doesn't understand.


The thing you're missing is right here. You don't see the difference between the current model and what you just described here. You see, if it was just a traditional mirrored database, the miners would decide everything about it. The current system gives them a lot of influence, but the key thing is that they still have to abide by the rules in the protocol.
For instance, they can't create more bitcoins at will. They have to work for them. Spend electricity to generate them.
They also have no power to touch anyone else's bitcoins. The most they can do is prevent others from transacting with their bitcoins. However, even that is difficult since it's hard to tell which transaction belong to whom. Of course, they theoretically could stop processing any transactions, but then they'd also stop making money as that'd make the exchange rate plummet.
I could list more differences, but this is long enough already. With a traditional mirrored database, they'd not have these limitations.
The key thing to note here is that it's not only miners whose opinion of the rules matters. The nodes used for making and receiving as well as verifying economic transactions are the ones that limit what miners can do. The economic nodes are the reason miners are able to make money through the system at all. They're the nodes that give the system value and collectively define it's rules.


The profound ignorance and magical thinking present in this statement leaves me... rather speechless. There's now a company that employs a few developers who contribute to Bitcoin Core and ... *magic happens* ... they control the decision making in Bitcoin protocol... ... yeah, sounds credible, sure. &lt;/sarcasm&gt;
@_date: 2012-12-03 14:17:54
No, there's no serial numbers like that. They're stored in packets called 'coins' or 'txouts' in developer speak. each packet can have any number of satoshis in it. the amount is stored as a single 64 bit integer. In addition to this, the packet defines which address has them.
when you make a bitcoin transaction, the wallet grabs a bunch of 'coins' that add up to equal or slightly more than you're transferring, proves for each of them that it owns the address. Then it defines new 'coins'/'txouts' that will have access to those bitcoins after the transaction.
@_date: 2012-10-19 17:22:36
Yes, I suspect he did a major screwup with the code that sends the returns.
@_date: 2012-09-22 11:12:16
Well, they were aiming for the end of October at first, so could mean anything from 1 day to 30 days of pushing back.
@_date: 2012-06-16 08:40:52
I expect those are from the tonal numbering system, verbatim.
@_date: 2012-12-10 00:10:27
Ripple's design is primarily focused on making money transfer work in such a way that the only person who can cheat you is someone you have decided to trust directly.
loans in ripple also differ in that you'd rarely give anyone a loan the way banks give it. Rather, you would simply increase their credit limit and they would then have more purchasing power, backed by you.
So, basically, it would not be anonymous between people who are in a credit relationship. In Ripple, if you give credit to people you don't know, you're just asking to be taken advantage of.
So, the answer to how you get credit in Ripple is that you need to convince someone who already has credit relationships with others in the Ripple network to grant you credit.
@_date: 2012-06-10 16:50:54
1 block per second sounds pretty normal for current transaction levels. The biggest bottleneck for this is the speed of the hard drive. Specifically, the average seek-time of the hard-drive.
@_date: 2012-12-23 09:30:08
Even if I agreed with you on OPAC being "the goal". I wouldn't agree with you that people are wasting their time. Bitcoin still needs to grow in value before it can even start to be realistically considered for something as big as OPAC.
I suggest you spend more time understanding markets and bitcoin before making big claims.
@_date: 2012-06-26 18:33:47
For the moment, there is only kronos.  I do not know if their service is open to public yet.
There used to be a service called Bitcoinica, but they got hacked twice in a short time and are now offline until they can completely rebuild their system from the ground up.
@_date: 2012-08-11 08:57:41
At least brainwallet.org and bitaddress.org offer tools for this.
However, if you use passphrase as simple as "bitcoin", you're basically offering whatever coins you put there on a silver tray to anyone who dabbles a little in seeing if he can guess wallet passphrases.
You should really use at least 10 _true random_ words as the passphrase. Human random won't work, there's too many easy patterns in it.
@_date: 2012-04-27 20:56:52
Sorry to burst your bubble but your idol, Hannu Kailajrvi, has nothing to do with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2012-07-30 09:58:15
I find it curious no-one has said this yet but here goes.
I remember reading somewhere that silk road uses mtgox. That huge address therefore is most likely mtgox's offline wallet address.
@_date: 2017-04-30 15:12:40
The only constant things about LN since people started talking about it has been that it's based on payment  channels and that those will be used to route payments. I'm not sure how many revisions the design got before anyone even tried to implement it but many of the original limitations were removed by later revisions.
You're conflating LN payments and payment channels. They're not the same. Therefore your question about Alice being obliged to re-send Bob a past payment is entirely nonsensical. No successful payments will ever need to be re-sent for any reason.
As for users being expected to remain connected to the internet 24/7, it depends on the use case. If you want to route payments for others, then it's a requirement. If you just want to make payments through LN, then there's no need for 24/7 connectivity. However, in that case you should either make sure you're never disconnected for longer than the channel close delay period or that you're using a bounty hunter server that actually does it's job. (the channel close delay period is freely selectable, as long as both parties agree on it)
In the latter case, you probably want to ensure the counterparty in the channel is online 24/7 because if they aren't online, you can't make payments. (Although, if you have multiple channels with different parties, you might not need a 24/7 counterparty)
@_date: 2012-09-06 07:36:00
Really? This has been quite untrue for most of the summer.
@_date: 2012-05-18 08:47:59
Whatever it is that's happening, is probably somehow related to this: 
In short, he's having some issues with the bitcoind software. These problems sound like they could well be related.
@_date: 2012-07-28 09:41:20
If someone figures out a way to fix a flaw in Bitcoin, I find it much more likely that Bitcoin will get the fix before the alternative grows big enough to matter.
The social network that gives the Bitcoin network it's value is a much more difficult thing to get going than simply a new implementation. Whatever the fix, if it works without big drawbacks, Bitcoin will also get it.
@_date: 2017-04-30 08:25:20


I'm sorry, but I'm done spoon feeding you about this. You have zero understanding of LN and are using every possible misconception you have to "prove" faults in it. You're also very resistant to learning how it actually works. It's waste of time to keep talking to you.
The thing that you call LN _in your mind_ is *broken*. No argument there. Thankfully, that's not the real LN.
@_date: 2017-04-25 11:55:24
It appears that coinbase isn't pricing the fees deducted from users by the actual transaction cost, but rather what the ideal transaction would cost. In other words, this particular transaction used ~70 inputs, but you were the cost for just one.
This makes sense, because it's not your fault they chose to use ~70 inputs in the transaction.
To explain this in a little more in depth, it's actually not correct to only consider the outgoing part of the transaction when you think about fees. The incoming part makes much more effect for the fees.
For every bitcoin transaction that you receive, you'll eventually need to pay fees for 180 bytes to spend those coins. For each output, you only need to pay for 34-35 bytes.
So, if a wallet service wants to accurately and fairly divide transaction fees among customers, they'd need to charge a fee of 180 bytes for each incoming bitcoin transaction and a fee of 35 bytes for each outgoing transfer.
@_date: 2017-04-19 09:12:01
The only way to prevent the old chain from disappearing would be for old chain supporters to hard fork at the UASF flag day and that's not a winning strategy as it will only further splinter the old chain supporters.
@_date: 2017-04-19 16:12:23


Again a baseless claim. I see no reason to assume that the illegal uses of bitcoin are any more prevalent than for any other currency.
@_date: 2016-02-01 22:03:20
I see. If you have no interest in reading my post well enough to understand what I'm talking about, I won't waste more of my time here.
I have no idea where you dreamed up the central planner from, but it doesn't exist in what I tried to convey.
@_date: 2012-09-21 20:26:19
The bitcoin wallet doesn't actually contain any coins. all it contains are ECDSA private keys and the corresponding public keys. An address is a hash of the public key.
When someone receives coins, it merely means that someone else sent the coins to their address. This gets recorded in the public transaction log called blockchain.
To send the coins onward, you need to create a transaction that records what coins to send and to which address. In addition to this, you need to provide the public key for the address as well as a signature made with the private key.
If the public key hashes to the address and can be used to verify the signature, the transaction is accepted. There's not spoofing possible. You either have the private key or you don't.
@_date: 2012-12-13 14:06:10
If you read my message carefully, you'll notice I speak of hashpower, not hash rate. It's perhaps a bit ambiguous term though. I should have referred to the average number of hashes to find a block.
@_date: 2012-11-30 13:36:14
That's not what this is about. He's going further than just saying bitcoin project should not get involved. He's actively preventing the Iran topic from being discussed on  channel. There would most likely be no bitcointalk.org thread or reddit post about it if he wasn't trying to silence discussion.
@_date: 2012-09-12 17:04:31
Botnets will cease to be a problem once ASIC mining becomes commonplace. You might still find botnets mining after that but the profitability will only be a fraction of what it is today.
Of course, botnets might still make use of any ASIC mining systems they manage to infect, but someone who has invested into hardware that's only good for bitcoin-mining will notice it being misused pretty fast.
@_date: 2017-04-02 16:35:23
Not everyone needs to vote with their feet for it to have an useful effect. What's important is that they can vote with their feet. That alone will constrain what the exchanges choose to do.
With miners deciding things, there's no way to make a real effect to their bottom line. With exchanges, there is. That's all there is to it.
They're both businesses out to make more money. I can choose which exchange my activity supports and I can't choose which miners my activity supports. So I'll naturally prefer a system where I'll be able to shift the balance towards those who I think are doing things correctly.
If you actually wanted to convince me that miners are a better option for having the power, badmouthing exchanges won't cut it. You're not telling my anything I don't already know.
If you really want to make the case for why miners should have this power, you'd need to show why they're trustworthy enough to have that power without any direct way to withdraw support from them.
@_date: 2012-05-20 09:20:41
A blog where you write things occasionally about bitcoin would work well to both keep you in people's minds as well as serve as an example.
@_date: 2012-11-08 16:50:36
Hmm... if the system was changed so that you don't submit a voting key to be signed but rather a vote itself, it would open many options for combating this kind of behauviour.
Since the votes are public and unlinkable to a specific identity, it becomes impossible to verify if the person actually voted as you paid them to. You could just grab another vote that went to the party you were paid to vote for and present that as your own to the payer.
The authority could prepare a publicly known number of dummy votes for each candidate to make sure this is always possible. This would be accounted for in the final count by just deducting that number of votes from every participant.
This does still leave the possibility to just sell the letter with QR code though. 
@_date: 2012-08-21 18:36:44
This kind of gullibility is the direct result of regulation.
@_date: 2012-05-09 08:21:30
The only way to freeze funds would be to convince 51%+ of mining power to not mine transactions involving that address and ignore blocks that contain them.
Confiscation would require either breaking ECDSA secretly or convincing a supermajority of bitcoin users to update to a version that somehow allows it (not going to happen).
@_date: 2012-03-23 18:42:40
It's not quite that simple. If this becomes commonplace, the people tracking coins will simply consider the coinbase transaction a continuation of all the transactions that had significant fees in them.
@_date: 2012-06-11 17:38:53
Still, it's causing bitcoin get more visibility. I don't mind at all.
@_date: 2012-07-13 14:09:46
My guess is that Strongcoin software has a known bug where it won't work when the private key starts with 'x'. So, since you were having the problem, he guessed it would start with 'x'.
Most likely not so easy bug to fix since he told you to use a workaround rather than fixing it.
@_date: 2012-06-22 10:02:26
It's not exactly the vendor that Dwolla distrusts. It's the new customer they're distrusting. More precisely, when they get a new customer who wants to buy bitcoins, they don't trust they are who they say they are for 30 days. That's enough time for most bank account thefts to get noticed and reversed.
@_date: 2012-10-21 08:10:56
Simply a bug in the development version. Nothing to see here, no-one is suggesting end users to use this version yet. jgarzik is one of the development team.
@_date: 2012-11-05 09:49:33
Final version. It's a subtle hint the chip design had some issues that needed fixing. So, most likely they already have a small test run of them.
@_date: 2012-10-06 11:06:53
It's reasonably likely that this case is collateral from the investigation SEC is allegedly doing on pirate's scheme.
@_date: 2012-09-09 14:16:00
If it's a scam, then there is a scammer, right? So, who would the scammer be? There's no defined person or organization or a group of organizations that controls Bitcoin.
Also, Bitcoin is a protocol, much like email. Saying there's someone who controls Bitcoin is akin to saying there's someone who controls all email.
@_date: 2012-10-26 11:45:33
The bible references in blocks are already "ancient" history at this point :)
@_date: 2012-12-20 02:17:34
To be exact, Bitcoin network is pseudonymous, not anonymous. All transactions between different pseudonyms (Bitcoin-addresses) are completely public information.
The owners of these pseudonyms, however, are unknown to the network itself. Thus, if you make sure your pseudonyms cannot be linked to you, you're effectively anonymous.
Most wallet software has not been designed with this in mind, though, so it takes quite some care from the user to achieve anonymity with Bitcoin as it is right now.
@_date: 2017-04-25 12:41:03
He wants to create a cryptocoin that uses a Proof of Storage type of algorithm instead of the Proof of Work used in Bitcoin. If he thought he could convince Bitcoin community to adopt one, he'd probably be working towards that end, but that's not realistic, so he's creating his own.
@_date: 2012-12-18 13:59:56
No, Bitpay doesn't accept credit cards.
@_date: 2012-09-07 19:23:19
Yes, there is a finite quantity of bitcoins. However, that finite quantity can be divided inifinitely.
Well, ok, with current software, each bitcoin is only divisible into 100 000 000 parts called satoshis. Further subdivision is possible but requires software updates.
@_date: 2012-06-13 22:33:40
the wallet questions:
1. Yes
2. With the current system for generating a totally random address for each transaction, yes, it would be impractical. However, There's a deterministic wallet system being worked on that will be perfect for just this. You just need to store the seed key and the whole wallet can be regenerated from it, no matter how many addresses have been generated.
It is of course possible to only generate a few addresses and then keep using them. It's just not recommended as this destroys your privacy.
Block generation.
1. It's pretty simple really. The core is a cryptographic hash algorithm. In bitcoin's case sha-256, computed twice. This creates a 256-bit value from any data it's given. it's basically a pseudo-random number. This hashing is repeated for slightly different blocks until you find a block for which the hash value is smaller than a limit value. The difficulty is adjusted by moving this limit value up or down.
2. Every full node stores the entire blockchain. Currently it takes around 2 gigabytes. It's required for mining because you can't check transactions for validity without it.
@_date: 2012-10-16 11:45:46
As others have said, nothing stops them from doing it. however, 12 words, as long as they're really random (a human picking the words doesn't count) are close to as difficult to brute force as the private keys used in Bitcoin.
If they're not random, though, you can expect any bitcoins sent to the resulting address to go poof pretty fast.
@_date: 2012-08-12 16:50:48
Yes! and then you can start swapping notes moving the ownership of a part of your deposit to someone else as payment ... wait this sounds familiar somehow.
@_date: 2012-11-20 10:58:49
As sgornick says, the version with the improvements is still being tested. Not suitable for end-users yet. The changes are big so I expect they'll be tested thoroughly before release.
More testers are of course always welcome. Just understand that the test version could contain severe bugs.
@_date: 2012-09-14 21:26:11
Beyond certain point, further increases in the value of savings will stop mattering for most people. Once this point has been reached, more and more people will start moving money again. I expect the result will be that the bubble bursts and money loses the value it gained as people hurry to spend before their money loses most of it's value.
@_date: 2012-10-30 12:44:02
That's why kickstarter is such a success often. It provides both marketing as well as funding if it's done right.
@_date: 2012-10-22 08:45:05
You're way too guick to write Bitcoin off yet. Scammers are nothing unusual, you'll find them scamming with every currency there is. Bitcoin is no exception. With Bitcoin, however, they are much more visible though, as the small geographical density of Bitcoin users means they have to advertise in public on the forums.
Of course, if you're liable to fall for the scams yourself, then it's probably a good idea to not buy bitcoins as a preventive measure.
If you aren't seeing the amazing things being done with bitcoin, you must be willfully blind.
@_date: 2012-09-28 18:13:35
You might be able to do that through Second Life and Virwox exchange. Just buy some of the Second Life currency and then use virwox to exchange it to Bitcoins.
@_date: 2012-12-20 14:55:26
Well, bitcoin won't be profitable to mine with a CPU, whatever the case. Litecoin could be, you'll have to do some math to know for sure though.
@_date: 2012-06-27 08:58:06
While it's not going to happen in the short term, if at all, if Bitcoin did end up being used, exclusively, for all those, each bitcoin would then be worth around 80 million.
(a side note, each bitcoin is only divisible to around 100 million pieces, so 1 BTC = $80M would already be making us pay with individual Satoshi's)
@_date: 2016-02-07 15:16:10
Until I saw the prices they charge for the ability to participate, I thought they might have a point.
Startups are too much of a moving target to usefully participate in such process. Their specs are changing too fast. It'd be a complete waste of money and employee time.
@_date: 2012-07-13 18:04:32
You know, there's a chance Bitcoin would not have taken off if he didn't buy those pizzas for 10k BTC at the time.
@_date: 2016-09-04 00:50:48
The person who builds the binary would be the obvious choice. Additionally, others should also run it to check that the choices were the same.
@_date: 2012-09-07 19:27:46
I think it's good to reflect on what it is that causes bitcoins to have value in the first place. Like all money, they have value because people think they have value.
So, to make a massive selloff to happen, you'd need to convince a significant portion of Bitcoin users that it's going to happen and lo and behold, it'd happen.
@_date: 2012-12-13 15:03:54
I've only skimmed the paper so far, but it does look to me that the mathematics are correct. However, it doesn't consider how often an attacker can make an attempt to attack.
If bitcoin and litecoin had an equivalent hash rate and 6 confirmations was the number of confirmations waited for. Each attack would indeed have the same chance of success. However, it seems to me that you could do an average of 4 attacks on litecoin in the same time it took you to make one on bitcoin.
Doesn't this pretty much negate the benefit from increasing the block frequency?
EDIT: ok, found the answer. No it doesn't. Chapter 6 in the PDF examines this. ~~It seems decreasing the average block interval to one block per minute and waiting for 7 confirmations instead of 6 would give a roughly equal security to waiting for 6 blocks with average of 10-minute intervals~~. Ok, scratch that, I'm too tired to be doing this right now.
@_date: 2012-07-21 13:39:05
a paper wallet is also a good way to give bitcoins out. Preferably printed with a link to informational page that details how it's used and has an introduction to Bitcoin. I do agree with Todamont that casascius coins feel nicer though.
@_date: 2012-06-15 22:58:20
The smallest possible units bitcoins can currently be divided into are already called satoshis.
@_date: 2012-08-29 13:29:19
Sounds like you didn't manage to keep your password secure as well as neglected to use two factor auth for your mtgox account. This is the result.
There is a limit to what Mt.Gox can do to help you keep your account secure if you don't do your part of the equation.
The users part of the equation:
1. Use a _good_ password. 12+ characters, truly random lowercase, uppercase, numbers  and symbols.
2. Never use Mt.Gox password for any other site.
3. Setup two factor authentication
@_date: 2012-05-09 12:34:02
The UI will hopefully soon be fixed so it will clearly indicate transactions will likely take a while to show up. There's an issue opened in the issue tracker now. 
@_date: 2012-06-19 13:11:27
In the long run, it won't make much of a difference. Income from Bitcoin mining depends on how high hashrate you have compared to the whole network. With prices this low, the whole network hashrate is going to explode.
Of course, this jalapeno is interesting because it's useful for more than just hashing :) It _is_ a bit expensive for just warming your coffee though :)
@_date: 2012-12-09 23:59:18
The website has been around for years (longer than bitcoin). However, that website is not the topic of the news. The news is about a group of people who are building a decentralized network of the website.
@_date: 2012-06-19 13:17:55
The reason GPU is so much faster than a CPU in hashing, is that hashing is only able to effectively use a very minimal part of the CPU. That being said, even a GPU has a lot of circuits which are of no use at all in hashing. When you create a specialized ASIC chip for bitcoin-hashing, you only put in the circuits that are useful for hashing.
In short, it really is a comparable jump in hashing power. a specialized ASIC uses 100% of it's circuits usefully when hashing. For a GPU, 10% is probably close to reality. a CPU would be close to 1%.
@_date: 2012-10-08 20:24:38
In terms of functionality, it's possible for nodes to function and operate entirely without the full history. The unspent transaction outputs are really the only data needed even for mining.
However, completely wiping out all history removes the possibility for auditing that the network history is according to the rules. The importance of this is likely open to debate but if auditing all history is not possible, it potentially opens the door to history rewriting attacks.
That being said, not all nodes need the history. It's planned that Bitcoind and Bitcoin-qt 0.8 will support running in a mode called ultraprune which will allow full validation while just keeping a database of the unspent transaction  outputs and the block headers.
@_date: 2016-09-08 19:39:28
That's really just an user interface issue. Once those are fixed, you only need to decide if it's worth the extra cost to have your transactions confirm instantly. The fee level is the only thing that really matters in the long run.
@_date: 2012-10-08 20:49:43
The bottleneck is the hard drive. It has to do a seek  for every input in every transaction to check the validity. having an SSD is pretty helpful here though.
@_date: 2016-09-08 19:35:03
Merely attracting interest isn't enough to damage. They need to start being used and be able to keep the users afterward for any real loss for bitcoin to be realized. That's a rather high bar due to the network effect bitcoin already has.
And that's ignoring the fact that many users (especially big users, like exchanges) use transactions rather wastefully still. I suspect scaling factor of at least 2x is available just due to users starting to use the system more efficiently as fees increase.
@_date: 2012-08-08 18:20:59
If you look at the graph on the bottom of this picture:
You can see there's a huge difference in the market depth. In January, there were more wanting to sell than wanting to buy. Now it's the reverse.
@_date: 2012-03-15 10:22:51
There are no plans to make it mandatory. I'm not even sure if that'd be possible. Whether multisig is used (as well as which keys are used) is something the receiver needs to decide _before_ creating the address. Once the address is created and bitcoins sent to the address, that decision is final, only changeable by sending them to another address.
@_date: 2012-12-19 00:24:54
strictly speaking, bitcoins can not be counterfeited, no matter how much you spend on equipment or personnel. However, if you have the resources of a government, you can theoretically disable the bitcoin network with an attack called 51+% attack. At least, as it currently stands.
An attack like this would likely take at least a year, maybe more to prepare for and would cost on the order of tens of millions of dollars for the hardware. Once built, the electricity costs to keep it down would be millions per year.
However, Bitcoin is not the only network of it's kind and it's reasonably simple to setup alternative networks. It'd be a whack a mole game.
This is assuming the technology is not improved so it's better resistant to 51+% attacks. An attack like this would motivate the significant portion of the talented programmers currently involved with Bitcoin to find a solution.
So, if this happened, it'd likely only set the wide use of a Bitcoin-like global cryptocurrency back by a couple of years at most. 
@_date: 2012-11-06 19:02:07
If this starts happening enough, the government is going to start treating bitcoin the same as cash in this respect.
@_date: 2012-11-08 11:24:23
Let me fix some of your obvious misconceptions.
1) There's no ironclad rule that makes the difficulty keep going up. If it's profitable enough to mine, it'll go up. If it becomes unprofitable, it'll go down until it's barely profitable to mine.
2) The block reward will cease making a difference much earlier than 2140. By 2040, 99.9% of all bitcoins will have been created. By that time, the network will be supported by transactions fees.
3) If bitcoin gets even 1% of the global market, a penny per transaction as a fee would probably be oversized due to the huge number of transactions.
@_date: 2012-12-09 23:42:57
This is already planned. Just waiting for someone to actually take the initiative and dive in to make it happen.
@_date: 2017-04-12 11:03:31
95% is the activation percentage for a MASF (Miner Activated Soft Fork). for an UASF, the support level is rather difficult to measure in a way that is reliable and simple to interpret.
The current UASF proposal will set a date after which any block not signaling for segwit will just be deemed invalid and rejected. If economically important nodes are enforcing this rule with sufficient consensus, any blocks that don't signal segwit will effectively just vanish. The same as happens to invalid blocks now. It's the same as if they had never existed.
Miners won't be able to sell the coins they get for mining blocks that don't signal segwit anymore. Thus, most of them will switch to signaling for segwit, which will lead to 100% of *valid* blocks signaling for segwit and that will lead to segwit activation.
Whether this will work is dependent on whether economically important nodes can come to a sufficiently wide consensus about doing this. UASF likely won't be attempted at all unless participants are certain that sufficient economic majority will be achieved.
@_date: 2012-07-07 21:47:29
My understanding was that it wasn't bitcoinica's software that was exploited but rather a mostly unrelated email server. The security problem was that an email account on the exploited server was one of the email addresses that could be used to reset bitcoinica's rackspace control panel admin password.
@_date: 2012-06-10 18:02:53
the client from bitcoin.org is the first and, so far, the only client that functions as a full node. The network needs such nodes to function and thus that has been the main focus for most of the development.
There are other clients that have been built that sacrifice being able to fully verify all transactions by themselves for being able to get up and running quickly.
That being said, the client from bitcoin.org is being improved in this respect too. Future versions will be able to run in light mode until they have finished downloading and verifying the blockchain.
The download is not the slow thing. It's verifying that you're receiving the correct blockchain that takes time.
@_date: 2012-09-15 10:46:16
I think what he says makes a lot of sense. I especially liked the examples of alternative currencies he gave in the lecture.
Bitcoin definitely isn't the complete solution on it's own. But if paired with something like Ripple, I think that pair could very well be capable of supporting the economy on their own.
Bitcoin can provide a very stable base for value and easy way to transfer the value. However, achieving the previous goals means it's difficult to organize things so those who could make the best use of Bitcoins will have them. This is where Ripple comes in.
Ripple allows you to use the trust you have with your friends/acquaintances to create tokens of value. Ripple provides the tools to extend this value even to people who don't trust you directly.
Ripple however suffers from the fact that without a significant portion of the population already using it, it's nearly completely useless. This is where it could piggyback on Bitcoin.
@_date: 2012-12-13 03:57:42
No, the security comes from the average hashpower needed to produce a block. If you adjust the difficulty down, you reduce the security one block provides.
EDIT: Yes, I went over it and realized it's not quite this simple.
@_date: 2012-11-06 18:53:57
1) This can be solved the same it's solved right now. No problem there... well, unless you count the centralization involved a problem. It does mostly work, though. Basically, some central authority sends everyone a letter with their voter id stuff on.
2) Chaum's blinded tokens work perfectly for this. If you require each voter to have a smartphone, you can include a QR-code in the letter that enables the voting software on the phone to authenticate with the central authority. The smartphone software would create an unique and private voting private key, then encrypt it and send it over to the authority for signing along with the QR-code data.
The authority would then sign it and send the signed (but still encrypted, so the authority doesn't know what they signed) version back. The user's software will then decrypt and it has a voter id, signed by the authority, without the authority knowing whose it is.
This allows the authority to make sure no-one votes twice while having no-idea who votes for whom/what. Voters could then use something like Tor to anonymously cast their votes on a public website. Anyone could then download all the votes and do their own tally and verify the signatures.
The encrypted voting tokens could also be required to be published, although I'm not sure if that would serve any useful purpose. It could perhaps be of some use in auditing the authority's actions.
@_date: 2012-07-22 12:22:50
You could use the javascript generator found at 
Here's the steps for perfectly secure generation:
1. Save the website (bitaddress.org) on a usb-stick
2. Completely detach a computer from the internet.
3. Start up some kind of temporary operating system with web-browser, usb-stick support and printing support (I recommend using Ubuntu live-cd)
4. Open the saved website from usb-stick.
5. Generate and print as many paper wallets as you'd like.
6. Shutdown and properly dispose (DoD5220.22-M) of the temporary operating system to make sure it won't leak the private keys in the future. If you used an Ubuntu live-cd system, it's enough to just reboot.
If you're very sure of your system's security, you could skip steps 3 and 6. However, that leaves the potential open for someone who gains access to your computer in the future to recover some or all of the private keys. There will most likely be some files left behind from the printing step.
@_date: 2017-04-29 12:40:36
Also important is that the relay nodes won't be able to tell where the route begins or ends. Even if it begins or ends on their neighbor. 
@_date: 2018-03-26 02:16:46
I've been following LN for quite a while and I have no idea what race conditions OP is talking about. He needs to make a better question if he wants an answer.
@_date: 2012-07-13 14:33:33
They had brought on a more professional group of people before the hacks to build things again from the ground up to get their security up to the proper standards.
They might still return with everything properly done. However, I have to wonder if they're still planning to name the result Bitcoinica.
@_date: 2012-08-24 23:51:27
You'll most likely be interested in this: 
It's a prototype implementation of a balanced merkle tree containing the UTXO set. (Unredeemed Tx Out set). With something like this in the blockchain and enforced by validity rules, light clients would really only need to store the root hash of this tree. The rest of the data could then be stored in untrusted storage as you could always verify it.
@_date: 2018-02-12 17:22:20
If you're a perfectionist who won't settle for anything less than 100%, then sure, it can't be solved. However, if you're willing to live with something like 99.9999%, then a good enough solution exists and is built into LN.
@_date: 2018-02-02 23:02:00
What other meaning would you attribute to outputs other than that they're bitcoins that were paid to someone?
It's a well known fact that many big exchanges batch their bitcoin sends. The basic effect is that instead of X transactions with 2 outputs each, they create 1 transaction with X+1 outputs. In that case that one transaction does the work of the X transactions it replaced.
There's also the occasional OP_RETURN output for storing a small amount of data (usually a hash of something) in the blockchain. Those would probably make sense to ignore for calculating the number of transfer made. However, it's not used enough to really make much of a difference.
@_date: 2012-10-08 20:33:59
There are preliminary plans for a future migration to a system that stores a merkle tree of all unspent transactions in every block. This would allow a very high degree of security even for light nodes.
Even mining would then potentially be possible without actually storing the transaction data locally at all. There's a prototype implementation of this being worked on. 
@_date: 2018-02-09 15:02:22
No, the purpose of KYC/AML isn't to regulate dollar transactions. The purpose is to make financial transactions trackable for the authorities.
The difference between an LN node relaying transactions and a regular Bitcoin node relaying transactions is that a regular Bitcoin node relays *information* about a transaction and LN actually relays *bitcoins*, not just information about the transaction.
In technical terms, when a Bitcoin node relays a transaction, it first receives the transaction data, then validates it and then resends the same data unchanged to it's neighbors.
When an LN node relays a transaction, it modifies the private smart contracts it holds with it's channel partners, increasing it's balance on one channel and equivalently decreasing it's balance on another.
That being said, until the channels are closed, no information about the moves are visible to third parties. Even after closing, only the final balances are recorded in the blockchain.
@_date: 2018-02-13 04:19:48
the UASF method can be used to limit the block rewards that miners are allowed to collect if the community (other than miners) are sufficiently unanimous that it needs to be done.
@_date: 2018-02-07 10:31:05
Graftroot is a way to achieve MAST with an even better average efficiency, which doesn't really add capabilities, just makes them more efficient to use and allows the capabilities to be added retroactively to a transaction.
So, basically, it reduces the need add more data to the blockchain. With it, you can do even pretty complex arrangements without a huge increases in transaction size.
@_date: 2018-02-24 23:56:25
Store of value doesn't require the price to increase. It's enough if it keeps it's value. Also, not everyone is looking at it on the same timescale. Longer term investors aren't necessarily interested in short term fluctuations.
@_date: 2018-02-07 10:16:34
This is probably also simple enough to implement that it could come in the same update as Schnorr signatures and signature aggregation features.
@_date: 2018-02-07 10:53:55
The worst thing is if they have a bcash wallet and end up on a site that sells Bitcoin and somehow manage to persuade the bcash wallet to give them a Bitcoin-style address. The bitcoins are then sent to the bcash-wallet's address and customer ends up thinking he was scammed since his wallet is not recognizing the transfer.
The customer then either figures out how to safely import the private keys into an actual bitcoin-wallet or is left empty handed. It's often difficult to get them to even try that since they're too convinced they've been scammed by the marketplace.
@_date: 2012-03-23 22:29:39
It's easy to say "ban bitcoin" but... think about it. How would you go about doing it, realistically? You can't just ban the name, it'd end up a whack a mole game for the government. Similarly for making the software package illegal, how do you define what it is you're making illegal without seriously hurting the society while at it?
@_date: 2012-07-11 21:54:39
Well, once it's working, you can expect some bitcoins from me. Assuming I haven't already forgotten about it. Some of those games look quite interesting.
@_date: 2017-09-07 07:51:39
man-in-the-middle attacks are only a problem with unencrypted connections. Receiving a payment request through such an insecure channel is always risky. Even without tor and it's exit nodes.
Of course, if the man in the middle attacker is able to get a hold of counterfeit certificates for their server, standard HTTPS will fail to protect from this sort of attack too.
@_date: 2018-02-12 17:50:42
Sure, problems at the comm layer will be somewhat of an issue, but channels being saturated (or closing unexpectedly) will be a much more frequent cause of routing failure and the routing algorithms will need to deal with unavailable routes routinely.
Other than that, the problem is limited to the participants in the channel.
@_date: 2018-02-02 22:41:32
While I do agree with you in principle, The IRS likely can't tell the difference between someone who panic sold and then came to their senses from someone who did it with the intention to wash sell. Edit: That being said, I don't see much point in doing a wash sell in the first place. You'll end up paying the taxes anyway, you're just moving them to some future time.
In my country that wouldn't be a good move, though. The tax authority pretends that losses from selling bitcoins don't exist. They do tax all the profit, though, so it makes daytrading an act of donating all your money (and will potentially leave you owing more in taxes than you ever had) to the taxman.
@_date: 2018-02-12 16:10:01
The power usage problem is, to a large degree, reducable with a soft-fork that reduces the fees miners can collect and simultaneously lowers Bitcoin's inflation rate.
Miners aren't going to love it, but if that's what it takes, it can be done. Of course, the rest of the community would likely need some kind of proof that the lowered hashrate would be enough to keep the network secure.
@_date: 2012-11-03 20:36:11
nothing, that's how it's been designed to work. The fact that we have free transactions right now is mostly due to the goodwill and/or laziness of the miners.
(laziness because that's how it works by default and it's work to change it)
@_date: 2018-02-13 20:17:03
the long term for mining with SHA-256 is inevitably one where mining is only profitable for those with their own power generation to drive the miners.  That likely means mainly renewables and miner hardware spread around the globe in areas where renewables are easy to deploy.
I expect we'll eventually see, for example, wave miners that are ocean wave energy plants with enough built-in bitcoin miner chips so the system can mine with all the energy it produces.
@_date: 2018-02-02 22:23:37
When you combine 5 regular transactions into a single sendmany transaction, you get a sendmany transaction with 6 outputs (5 transfer outputs and 1 change) where as the original 5 transactions had 10 outputs (5 transfer outputs and 5 change)
So, if you just count the total number of outputs, that's still somewhat misleading. you should count each transaction as being min(1,num_outputs-1) transfers to really estimate the number of actual transfers taking place.
@_date: 2018-02-07 21:31:17
Yes, it might still not make sense to include it in the same update. However, the actual implementation is much simpler in terms of code changes than MAST would be, so it has much less potential for implementation level bugs. Most of the moving parts this requires already exist or will be added with the schnorr upgrade anyway. To me, it sounds like this can be implemented with a slight variation to the P2SH validation code, to make it validate a signature rather than a script hash.
Also, it seems to me that this doesn't actually rely on any cryptographic assumptions that Bitcoin isn't already relying heavily on anyway. So, it might need surprisingly little testing on that level too.
Of course, if we were just weeks from releasing schnorr signature upgrade, it probably wouldn't make sense to even consider pushing this in with them. However, this looks solid enough to me that since the timescale is likely at least a year, this actually has real chances of making it into the same upgrade.
@_date: 2017-09-08 21:09:04
It means that any user, who doesn't update their wallet, won't get the replay protection. It therefore also means that any user who isn't aware of what's going on, won't get the replay protection.
And if it happens that their wallet doesn't make replay protected sends by default, many users will fail to activate it.
@_date: 2018-02-12 16:18:57
Number one will solve itself through the market, basically. We just need to wait for the market to mature a bit and eventually every miner without their own power production will soon become unprofitable.
The kicker here is that the cheapest power production methods are all renewables.
@_date: 2017-09-06 07:53:48
While some of the criticism you wrote is pretty good. There are a few that I categorize as cheap shots with very little real meaning.




Internet has a general tendency to view censorship as damage and route around it. This applies to Bitcoin too. For example, there's already Tor-support, which is one way to avoid such blocks. A simple search will find you dozens of alternative ways to avoid such blocks.
Blocking things on the internet is a practical impossiblity when there are people who don't want to be blocked. There's a way around every filter that's still leaves you the ability to communicate.


Since when do people expect a money system to remove the need to trust those they do business with? 
@_date: 2017-09-07 20:58:57
That's pretty close to the percentages from Charlie Lee's twitter poll on whether people support the 2x fork or not.
@_date: 2017-09-07 20:45:42
I don't think the goal of the 2x crowd is a coup. They're testing if they can force the Core dev team do their bidding through political maneuvering.
In other words, they're testing whether a consensus is really needed to change Bitcoin or if a smaller subgroup can force a change through with persistence.
@_date: 2018-02-03 02:51:50
All I can say is that the number of transactions is a clearly wrong metric for measuring the level of use.
Mostly because I know that
a) transaction batching is used by many exchanges whose transactions comprise a noticeable percentage of blocks when measured in bytes.
b) the transaction batching is used to replace X (where X &gt;= 2) transactions with 1 transaction that, with any practical definition, does the same job as those X transactions would have done.
c) batched transactions are bigger than an individual regular transaction would be (however, significantly (up to 80%) smaller than multiple such transactions would be in total)
d) all the above taken together leads to a situation where transaction count measures are down even though the number of people sending and receiving bitcoins are higher than ever.
Hopefully this might finally address what you were asking. I'm not sure because the question doesn't make a lot of sense to me.
@_date: 2018-02-12 16:31:20
Some selectivity in composing a list of things to compare Bitcoin to is necessary. All of the listed things are technological improvements that are radically different from whatever they replace, just like Bitcoin. Different enough that most people just can't see how it could possibly be useful or desirable.
Something like HD DVD is not radically different from what it was meant to replace. Everyone who knew CDs or DVDs would've understood what it was and it's implications in under 5 minutes. HD-DVD would be a nice example to use to argue for why most altcoins, even if they're better, in some ways, than Bitcoin will fail _because_ of Bitcoin's network effects. But it doesn't work for discrediting the list in this post.
So, might you have an example of something that failed that is actually comparable to Bitcoin in how different and radical of a change it represents?
@_date: 2018-02-02 22:34:01
They're only calculating the value Bitcoin would have as a means of exchange. They're entirely ignoring the store of value part. Like someone else pointed out, if this logic was applied to gold, it'd be trading at $10/ounce.
And this is only the traditional use cases that only apply to money. However, Bitcoin is programmable money. No-one has a good idea for how to calculate the value of that yet.
@_date: 2017-10-26 15:40:37


The fact that the increase doesn't make for much of a difference is an argument for waiting until we can make an upgrade with more permanence. I'm not personally interested in talking about where the limit should be. I'm very interested, though, in talking about methods to determine a suitable limit for any given moment and building those into the protocol.
Also, It doesn't take very many fax machines to fill a house with paper when they're in use 24/7.


I used to agree. Until I realized that Bitcoin isn't a strictly technical system. There's two layers of programming involved. One is the technical program that full nodes run and the other is the social program that humans run.
Appearances is the programming language of the human program and in Bitcoin's case it's critical because it sets the rules for how to change the rules in the technical program.
As much as I'd like to just ignore the politics and appearances, doing so risks transforming the system into something very different from what I signed up for.


Unlike some others, I don't see a reason to doubt his motives. I'd probably agree with him on most things. My position on the debate used to be one of passive acceptance, meaning that I'd agree on going forward with a blocksize hard fork, given that 95+% of the community had at least passive acceptance towards it.
The thing that changed my position was reading an article about the importance on being able to run a full node, especially as a miner, anonymously. If that is not possible, countries can start trying to control which transactions miners are allowed to include in blocks through laws.
On the technical level, it'd appear as a 51% attack aimed at only allowing a certain verified subset of transactions through. If they can get 51% or more miners to comply with their law, that's pretty much it. Financial censorship applied to Bitcoin. For instance, they could require registering addresses with certain KYC/AML services before any transactions to those addresses would ever be confirmed.


I find it funny that you start the paragraph with "Apperances don't matter" and then proceed to blast "core political bloc" and present an appearance as the argument.
Let me break it down for you. The NYA agreement was signed, no disagreement there. However, the appearance is in claiming that it was the cause for the signaling increase. Here's another appearance: The miner bloc didn't dare to risk a community split due to the UASF movement. So, they decided to play smoke&amp;mirrors to try to hide the real reason for their decision to signal Segwit and to keep up the appearances of them having more power over the system than the users.
The appearance of miners having power is dangerous because if people believe it, they actually get that power. This is the reason this fork is being resisted so vehemently. If we let this pass, our ability, as users, to say no for future changes that miners decide to push for significantly weaken. this is why even many of those who'd like to see blocksize increase hard fork happen resist the 2x fork.
(This is the change to the human program that I reject)


This line of thinking has a chance of turning my position on the blocksize limit around in the future. However, as of right now, I don't yet have a clear enough picture of all the changes to the whole picture that this would bring to know if it will. However, if it does, I'll make sure to talk about it.
@_date: 2017-09-05 21:21:03
If you have RPC node, you can do this from the command line using bitcoin-cli tool. "bitcoin-cli getnewaddress" and "bitcoin-cli addwitnessaddress &lt;address&gt;"
However, there are a couple of caveats which you need to know about if you intend to make use of these.
1) This doesn't work seamlessly with wallet backups. For every Segwit address you've received coins with after the backup, you'll need to call addwitnessaddress again, after restoring a backup, to see the coins in the wallet. (might also need to rescan after adding the addresses)
2) The Segwit addresses created this way don't have bitcoind accounts associated with them, so if that's important for you, better not use this.
@_date: 2018-02-13 11:27:18
Limiting the block reward is a soft-fork. Increasing it would be hard-fork. Miners aren't required to take all the reward there is, so the blocks would be backwards compatible.
UASF is a term for a soft-fork that's activated on a pre-set flag day by users merely starting to ignore any block that doesn't abide by the new requirements.
@_date: 2017-09-06 13:55:03


Bitcoin would have collapsed ages ago if that was possible. The security on transactions is based on verifiable signatures, not trusted middlemen.


Yes, when there's something you *don't actually need*, most will choose to go without if they don't already know how to go around.


If the censorship was that prevalent, enough technical people would be interested that someone would always package it into an easy package and then everyone could easily do it.








There's a common theme here. Every example you list, there's a third party, that *you already trust* in some way, who can in practise remove your need to trust the specific parties that you listed.


This is already possible. However, I'm not aware of any widely accepted standards having been established for doing these kinds of transactions, which kind of limits the usefulness.  
@_date: 2017-09-30 11:58:07
A small part of the market is likely to do as you expect. However, the majority of the market doesn't operate with such a short sighted view. A temporary short term denial of service is not serious enough to warrant a drastic action such as switching chains.
Bitcoin has a long term value proposition afterall.
@_date: 2017-09-30 19:09:51


A temporary 30% crash is pretty far from a majority of the market. Considering the speed of the crash, at most a few percent of the market participated in it. Even that might be overestimating it.


Bitcoin miners can't make decisions based on the very short term market situation. Especially if mining power weakens significantly. A miner has to wait at least 101 blocks before they can sell the coins they got from finding a  block. In a normal situation that's 17 hours. In a weakened hashrate situation that can stretch to several days.
In other words, miners will make their mining decisions based on what they expect the exchange rate to be after 101 blocks.
So, if the price crashes, they have to ask themselves "What do I expect the price will be after 101 blocks?" as well as "how will my choice affect the price?" with regards to any bitcoins they can't or didn't sell yet.
@_date: 2017-09-29 22:57:18
Remember that the only way to lose 90% hashpower permanently is if 90% of the market also goes with it. The only situation when that is a real problem is when there's a temporary loss of more hashpower than market.
However, if market doesn't move, the miners will be making a loss by mining 2x. The 2x people are betting that they can make the market move by denial of service. When that fails, they'll start returning to mining Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-09-30 12:17:13
You mean if we only had split the network sooner? There was no consensus for a hard fork block size increase a year ago. The only possible result of hard forking without a consensus is a split network.
@_date: 2017-10-26 19:42:26
Ok, let's see. It's simpler to reply to a summary, so I made one.
* Pretending that the Core Dev team is doing nothing to tackle the transaction fees. Check
* Pretending that the economic majority is demanding a blocksize increase over what Segwit already provides. Check
* Pretending that Segwit does not increase the blocksize. Check.
* Pretending that transaction fees being high is fatal for Bitcoin. Check
* Pretending that increasing the system's resource requirements don't change the system's fundamental properties. Check
* Calling a certain Core Dev a liar when he's just stating basic facts of how the system works. Check.
* Trying to paint attempts to limit the capacity as a profit motivated action. Check.
I disagree with you on every single one of these. Edit: I think I should add that I sometimes make a point of torturing myself by checking the latest bullshit at These are repeated there often enough and sometimes with links to what supposedly proves them. None of that has been convincing.


I signed up for a system that's capable of moving money around the world **trustlessly** where *I don't have to trust* that the system works as defined. *I can verify it all myself if I want to*. The system is already big enough that this property is no longer universal. In other words, it's not trustless for a significant portion of the earth's population. Even if we count only those with the means to use the system at all. Increasing the blocksize will degrade this property even more.
There is value in keeping this property. Therefore, increasing the blocksize should be the scaling option of very last resort. We already increased it with Segwit. Therefore we don't need another doubling of the blocksize yet.


Miners are not incentivized to accept any and all transactions. Eliminating miners is not possible. The incentivization ensures that. However, convincing them to reject any transactions containing certain coins is possible and can work as the first step towards stricter and stricter control.
That situation would be responded be responded to by hard forking away from the miners. However, what prevents them from subjecting the fork to the same treatment? Oh yes, the possibility for anonymous mining would do the trick. 


The facts are against you in this one. The markets are already telling us that B2X is going to be the minority chain. There are future markets for that in more than one exchange already. No UASF will be needed. The complaints are all focused on the mess the fork is going to cause to the ecosystem. Mostly to services and mostly due to the lack of proper Replay Protection.


I wasn't aware of Twitter being considered a censored forum in this context. Also, based on this claim, I can only surmise that you don't give Bitcoin's trustlessness property much value.
@_date: 2018-02-09 14:19:51
While that sounds possible in theory, LN has been carefully designed to make control very difficult even in the case that some parties attempt to usurp control through financial censorship.
I suspect they can't allow full fledged LN channels if they want to fulfill their KYC requirements. The no routing would mean precisely no routing at all. There's no middle ground.
They might be able to offer the service, while following the letter of the KYC laws, if they only offer LN payments from funds that they hold in custody though. However, in that case the customer can't be said to be using LN, it'd be Coinbase who sends or receives the LN payments and has full custody of the funds.
Even that is somewhat flaky, though, as it'll be possible for payment receivers to arrange for another node to look like it's the recipient, but that node is actually just part of the route and the route then gets extended from that point to the real recipient (or another fake recipient). This probably requires co-operation from the nodes that are used as fake endpoints for the payment though.
@_date: 2017-10-25 19:51:31
Whew, that was a lot of text. A lot of it completely unnecessary, which you'd have noticed, had you been replying to the whole instead of replying to isolated pieces of it. Anyway, I'll just ignore the parts where we never actually had a disagreement about.


And I never claimed you said that. Those paragraphs were there to explain the dynamics of the system with different blocksize rules.
What you did, however, was that you have avoided any and all discussion about what the limit should be or how it should be decided and are advocating increasing the limit.
Tell me, how is an unspecified limit different from no limit?


And yes, they don't bother with the nodes. The cost of running one is low enough that it's obvious the attempt would be futile. Practically anyone can still run a node. Even if it's starting to be somewhat painful for some.


Would you call me unfair if I interpreted this as you saying "The system will survive any attack at any blocksize"? Because that's the impression I get when you say something like this while advocating for a block size increase and don't have a clear position about the limit.
Or is that actually your position? If not, please explain the constraints more clearly.


I suppose you also don't care about achieving a non-splitting capacity upgrade either then because that requires a wide agreement and I'm far from the only one with this position.
Nevertheless, so far, you have not given me a convincing reason to consider it a fact that increasing the blocksize is a safe thing to do. Thus you also don't have my agreement.


That last sentence I kind of agree with. Although, probably in the opposite sense of what you mean with it.


This line of thinking might lead to a proposal that everyone could accept. Might you happen to have a more concrete proposal on how to do this? The crucial questions being who it is that would pay for that and how to distribute the payments to node operators. Transaction fees seem like a sensible source of those funds, but that still leaves open the question of how to determine what's enough and how will the system collect that amount.


You can't quantify something you don't know. That's the whole point for resisting blocksize increases. Since we can't be sure it's safe to increase the blocksize, we default to not doing it. Find a way to either prove it's safe or that not increasing the blocksize will be worse and we'll stop arguing against it.


The justification is "we can't be sure that it's safe to increase the throughput".
@_date: 2017-09-07 21:19:29
Yes, however, due to it being optional, it'll be too difficult for most users to actually make use of, in practise.
@_date: 2017-10-26 03:02:58


There's no such thing. Segwit already increased the limit. You're accusing them of something that they're not doing.


You know, I'm going to remember you as the "Fax Machine Guy" from now on. :P


There was no deal. Just a bunch of guys in suits making an "agreement" in some backroom and then acting like it binds everyone. There are even many pro big blocks people who're against the 2x just because of the language in the so called "agreement".
This particular "upgrade" having problems has more to do with the sleazy and dishonest politics and language around it than the actual change it's trying to bring.


I must admit that this masternode system is intriguing. Although, at the same time, depending on how much power these masternodes have over the dash network, it also presents a potential avenue of attack for an attacker that seeks to control.
Given the amount of power these masternodes have, it's rather worryingly easy to become one. Especially for centralized entities with lots of resources available. However, it's difficult to really get a deep understanding of it from merely scratching the surface. The link you provided is a little light on details. Might you have a link to more indepth material handy?
@_date: 2017-09-13 22:32:55
I'd express that as "stubbornly ignorant", but it's really the same thing.
@_date: 2017-09-13 21:49:36
Depends on your definition of ready. LN network for moving real bitcoins already exists and is functional and there are even some mobile wallets available for using it. Equally, the software exists for service providers to receive payments through it.
However, it isn't widely used so far. The initial software likely has some usability issues that will be fixed as it becomes apparent what those are and how they might be fixed.
So, in short, the system exists and is usable, today. However, so far, it's not very useful in practise. What would it take that you'd call it ready? Would you even call Bitcoin itself ready?
@_date: 2017-09-12 21:28:28
a) There was significant resistance to increasing blocksize by hardfork
b) Bitcoin dominance index fell to ~50% as a result of no hard fork.
When we take these two facts together. It should be reasonably obvious that while there were multiple possible roads to take, the end results would've been fairly comparable.
Having a reasonably constrained block size limit is a requirement for users that value corruption resistance (or decentralization) over other concerns. This group will be happy knowing that auditing the blockchain is a cheap enough affair that most hobbyists will be able to do so, should they wish to.
These users do disagree on exactly how much is too much, but they're unlikely to vehemently disagree with each other on this point because they understand each other despite having different safety margin preferences.
These users will be willing to compromise with each other on the exact limit, but they're very unlikely to be swayed by arguments from people who clearly don't share their values. These users believe Bitcoin's value primarily comes from it's anti corruption attribute.
The other group of users are those who value cheap payments that are affordable to most people over other concerns. This group will be happy as long as transaction fees are small enough that hardly anyone would need to think twice about making a payment.
As above, they probably don't quite agree on exactly how much is too much, but they understand each other and are unlikely to vehemently disagree on the exact fee level they seek. This group of users believes Bitcoin's value primarily comes from being cheaper and simpler to use than the legacy payment systems.
So, the conflict is that both groups see the other group's goals as being directly destructive for what they themselves perceive as the primary (or true) source of Bitcoin's value. 
I don't know how large each group is, but I expect the low fees group had, to a large extent, already abandoned Bitcoin, which can be seen as a dive of Bitcoin dominance index after fee levels exploded a few months ago.
My guess is that the few who remained are now those drumming for Bcash, because they were unwilling to let go of the name 'Bitcoin'.
This is the basic fundamental divide in the community. Although, personally I think it's largely illusory because Lightning Network will take care of the too expensive transactions problem without requiring a block size increase for quite some time.
That said, I remain somewhat puzzled by the hostility in the "Bitcoin is low fees" camp towards Lightning Network. I can only theorize that the insistence on keeping a block size limit by the Core team used up their trust and now they just view LN as an elaborate attempt to fool them into giving up the larger blocks that they believe are absolutely essential.
If so, seeing LN actually work and function in practise should help to reunite the communities to some degree.
@_date: 2018-02-12 16:12:01
It's not the algorithm that matters for the resource consumption but rather what the network, as a whole, pays for people to spend those resources. The resource, of course, doesn't need to be electricity.
@_date: 2017-09-12 22:32:57
I fully expect most wallets to just start giving users Segwit addresses by default soon. There's very little reason not to do so. It means cheaper fees for the users and there are no disadvantages to speak of. Aside from slightly more complex logic for recovering such wallets from seed words. However, that's not something the user needs to worry about unless the wallet bungles it up.
@_date: 2017-09-14 01:42:11
Every Lightning wallet will, by necessity, also be a Bitcoin wallet and capable of sending and receiving regular Bitcoin transactions as well. It can't function as an easy to use lightning wallet without that capability.
There is also no technical reason why you couldn't make a regular Bitcoin transaction from a payment channel. So I expect Lightning Wallets will eventually be able to to do that. (Technically speaking, this means closing the channel, sending bitcoins with one output and opening a new channel with the change output)
However, this feature doesn't appear to be part of the initial protocol. I'm not sure if that's because it can be done with a combination of the elementary operations and I just missed how or if it's been left out of the protocol definition for some reason.
Anyway, It's not quite as bleak as you've been thinking.
@_date: 2017-10-24 19:28:55
You're thinking through individual unidirectional payment channels. They're actually bidirectional. You can reload the channel after you've spent it all by convincing your direct partner in the channel to move the funds back rather than convert them into a bitcoin transaction on-chain. They should be more than happy to, if you pay them the full amount, as they will then save the bitcoin network fee that they'd have otherwise had to spend to move them on-chain. It also likely gives them another full channel worth of collecting routing fees from you.
Of course, the money could also be coming from someone else who is paying you. Yes, whenever someone else pays you through LN, that will reload the channel balance you have. This is basically why you're vastly overestimating the balance you'll need to have "locked" into the channel.
@_date: 2018-02-09 15:09:12
What you've shown, very effectively, is that LN will, in practice, make on-chain tracking as difficult as tracking LN transactions will be. Currently you can gain a lot of information by analysing the transaction graph on the blockchain. However, the more LN gets used, the less useful that information will be.
So, the interesting question here is not whether exchanges can use LN. It's whether exchanges can continue fulfilling their KYC requirements even with normal Bitcoin transactions after LN starts getting popular.
@_date: 2018-02-22 19:18:31
What kind of computational complexity/memory complexity does the watcher incur on the system it's running on? Something like O(log N) where N is the number of states watched? Maybe not that effective in terms of memory, though?
@_date: 2017-09-12 22:10:39
While I can't give you an estimate, I will make a guess that you'll see the adoption speed go up significantly once Bitcoin core 0.15.1 is released with a fully Segwit supporting wallet implementation.
blockchain.info, copay and other major wallets would probably make a big impact as well.
@_date: 2017-10-24 12:41:52
The main problem is that we are not massively applying decentralized solutions. Bitcoin itself is decentralized but everything popular that we've built around it is centralized. *That* is the problem.
@_date: 2017-10-28 20:42:18


This is the key thing. You don't think it'll actually happen. Why? There is a reason for it and it's the very reason that keeps miners from doing whatever they please.
@_date: 2017-10-25 08:54:57
I invite you to read this comment I made yesterday:
That should make it clear what the point of the so called artificial blocksize limit is.
Edit: Also, about middlemen. They're not automatically a bad thing. They're only a bad thing if you only have bad choices for middlemen. That won't be a case with LN, way too much competition in that system.
@_date: 2018-02-03 23:50:46
@_date: 2017-10-24 15:23:19
Don't think I won't notice you trying to subtly subvert what I'm saying.
You just made it look like I said everyone should run a full node. You even made it look like I implied that this is the case today. Neither of those is true. There are only around 100000 full nodes on the network and we have millions of users. We already have radically less full nodes than users. This situation is very much already such that only a vanishingly small fraction of users run a full node.
The total cost of operating a node is only half the equation. The other side is the number of nodes. **Both** of those increase with the number of users if we keep increasing the blocksize.
Economics dictate that the total cost of a system has to be less than the total benefit the system provides for the cost to make sense. That means that we can't keep increasing both of those factors. One of them will end up being limited by the other. Markets will make sure the total cost stays below the total benefit.
Without a blocksize limit, we will collectively end up limiting the number of nodes. The number of nodes will shrink as the cost of running a node increases. 
With a blocksize limit we can maintain the current number, perhaps even increase the number of full nodes that the economy can sustain. 
Increasing the blocksize limit every time we're hitting it is, in economic terms, the same as not having a limit. This will lead to increasing centralization of full nodes, which are the control structure of the network that enforces the rules.
The trustless nature of the system depends on the full nodes being sufficiently decentralized. Hence, I much prefer having a limit over not having a limit. I'll also admit to not being entirely sure how big of a limit we can afford to have.
Anyway. While I will not say that everyone should run a full node, I'll say that it's exceedingly important that everyone could, if they wanted to. That way, once the system comes under attack from powerful centralized parties (and trust me, that will happen) they will see that it's futile to try to attack those running the nodes and will thus have to make do with less effective strategies.
If we keep increasing the blocksize, we will, at some point make it so expensive to run the nodes that the most cost effective attack on the network is to seize control of the nodes.
If you want to increase the block size and get my agreement for doing so. You better have a damn good case that doing so will be safe according to the criteria I just explained.
@_date: 2017-10-04 22:46:07
However, that's only part of the puzzle. What I described will succeed in separating the coins for different chains, but you also need to be careful with the wallet you use if you want to access the coins on the other chain too.
After you've sent the coins, the wallet will think they're spent and won't easily agree to make another transaction with the same inputs. If you made a backup of the wallet file before you received the coins that were limited to just one chain, you could perhaps load that and then create a transaction before it syncs.
If your wallet doesn't support it, it's going to be tricky to get the coins separated into different wallets.
@_date: 2017-10-12 23:09:24
unfortunately ad hominem and childish behaviour are very widespread among humans in general. You can't have a discussion board without some people engaging in those unless you aggressively throw out everyone who displays those behauviours.
the moderators here have been pretty successful in moving the worst of that to the other sub, though.
@_date: 2017-10-02 23:32:46
At this point, it's probably not possible anymore to entirely cancel the 2x hard fork plan. It's mostly just a question of how many remain who are committed to trying to push it through. The smaller it is, the less damage it'll do.
@_date: 2017-10-02 23:18:36
Replay protection would make sure that a transaction can only happen on one chain. Since s2x comes without a built-in replay protection, any transaction intended to happen on only one chain is very likely to also happen on the other.
A well implemented replay protection would ensure that under no circumstances would a transaction be compatible with both chains.
However, even without a proper replay protection, users who want to replay protect their own transactions can do it. Provided they're willing and able to jump through some extra hoops.
Of course, not everyone will have the chance to do so. Either because they just didn't know about the fork or some technical/social obstacles prevent them from doing so.
@_date: 2017-10-01 16:06:49
There are a few jokers in the mix though.
For instance transaction fees. Users can directly shift the mining balance by the fees they include in their transactions. The lack of replay protection creates some temporary roadblocks in being able to target the transactions to a specific chain, but anyone who really wants to do it, will be able to. This will end up giving a bonus to the chain people most want to use.
Also, traders will ultimately come to the understanding that whether their chain of choice technically works at the moment is, for the most part, irrelevant for their decision on whether or not to buy, hold or sell. That is unless they're trading with the very short term in mind.
The thing that's relevant is ultimately a question of values. As in, what values does the chain of your choice collectively embrace and are those values the ones that most people would want to embrace themselves.
@_date: 2017-10-29 10:00:02
You can't really analyze this on a strictly technical level. The human social interaction around the technology is an integral part of the system and this includes the potential for humans to make technical changes to the system.
They key thing to note here is that miners are inherently replaceable. Even if all current miners were to collude and we were left with no miners at all, people from outside the colluding miner group can start becoming miners. It's a free competition zone, after all. If the current miners are on strike (as in refusing to create valid blocks) and there's money there to be taken, new miners are likely to appear, ready to cash in.
Also, then there's the case of miner majority doing a fork and at the same time doing a 51% attack with all blocks empty on the chain left with the minority (or no miners). While the rest of the community is against the fork. This looks like a clear victory for miners until you remember that a) it's possible to create new miners and b) Technical changes to the system are possible. There's nothing that unites people like having a common enemy.
Basically, miners doing this would be gambling. Either they come out of it with their immediate earnings noticeably reduced or they find themselves replaced completely with a new set of miners with new hardware. Potentially hardware that's much more generally available and less difficult for specialized manufacturers to monopolize.
@_date: 2017-10-24 14:06:46


And that's exactly what increasing the blocksize too much would do in practical terms.
It wouldn't do it immediately, but it would do it. The general observation that all available space that can be used, will be used is also true for Blockchains. If transactions become cheaper, we'll again start seeing people storing files in the blockchain. The cheaper it is to make the transactions, the bigger the files they'll try to stick in there.
This is bad because miners don't have the incentive to limit the blocksize to levels that'd make sense for everyone. Miners get all the profits but they only pay a fraction of the costs. Miners will have no problem running their nodes in a datacenter and paying premium for it. They make enough to do so.


I think this is the crux of the issue. You're measuring the bandwidth for transmitting a single copy of the transaction stream. The reality is that we transmit it close to 100000 times that currently, given that we have that many full nodes running around the world.
So, no, we're not actually using the bandwidth of four or eight fax machines. We're using the bandwidth of 400000 fax machines vs 800000 fax machines. (a side note, I have no idea how you calculated that 4 or 8 fax machines and am not interested in verifying that it's correct, so I'll just assume it is, it doesn't really matter for the argument)
Also crucial to understand is that as the network grows, the multiplier, that's currently 100000, will also grow roughly linearly compared to the size of the network. So the actual requirements of the system will keep growing as we get more users despite the blocksize not increasing at all.
@_date: 2017-10-27 13:51:51


A fork with the intention to split cannot be stopped by anyone. That's one of the fundamental properties of the architecture. This farce no longer has anything to do with what the core devs are actually doing. Your ilk won't be satisfied until you think you've either ousted the core devs out of the imagined position of power you have created for them or you feel like you've forced them to submit to your whims.
It's been clear for quite a while that you and your ilk don't really care about the blocksize or transaction fees. That's been obvious since you started resisting Segwit with bogus arguments. I fully expect to see you continue to complain about core no matter what. Yes, even if they prepare a hard fork for blocksize increase and release that as Bitcoin Core. You'll find a way to turn that against them.
In short, the fork is not possible to stop. Nothing can stop it. There's no way everyone is going make the same choice anymore. The only question left is how minor the minority fork will be.


The existence of segwit2x only proves that there were a group of CEOs who decided to sign a piece of paper. These CEOs *do not own* the global economic activity that flows through their companies.


That's only valid from a shorm term perspective. The negative externality from increasing blocksize is huge from long term perspective.


Bitfinex is not the only exchange offering a future market for this. Every one of the markets available has settled on around the same price.


This is what the low volume indicates. But of course, it's not saying what you want to hear, so you'll pretend it doesn't matter.


Right... Degrading the system's trustlessness property is not a significant change. Sure.
I'll grant that the immediate practical effects of that are positive. But the long term negative effect is bigger.


That business plan is in no way dependent on Bitcoin having a capacity limit. Capacity is far from the only thing that side chains could help with. For example, many enterprises want private blockchains. A public one would just simply not be an option due to the regulatory climate. They'll be called side chains when they're implemented so that they're timestamped through Bitcoin transactions.


This is beyond amusing :D You're basically critizising Twitter for being uncensored. Also, calling it low information channel just tells me you haven't actually used it.
@_date: 2015-04-02 19:25:13
Yes, paper ballots can be verified by the small handful of people that are allowed to touch them. Everyone else just has to trust that those people do what they promised.
In other words. Both systems have their strong points and the current election methodology is designed around what works with paper. A digital system will most likely have to compromise on something the paper system does very well. However, it'll also gain some things that are just simply impossible with just paper.
Also, your idea of digital is severely narrow. Why limit equipment, admins, maintainers etc to just a single organization? Much better to use hardware designed for general use with open software so anyone can check it does what's claimed. Even better if the same is done with the hardware, but the current situation unfortunately is that there is no truly open hardware.
@_date: 2017-10-24 13:09:21
You know, the satellite streaming service as a motive makes sense. But it doesn't work for painting blockstream as evil or self serving because it's not a service they make a profit with. The satellite streaming service is provided, free of charge to anyone at all. It's a public service sponsored by a company.
Such a streaming service is also extremely beneficial in helping Bitcoin stay independent. Although, more providers should provide it (or at least, sign the data as a statement that it's complete and unmodified. Doesn't really make sense to broadcast the same data multiple times in different streams.)
The existence of a satellite broadcast service means that no nation state can realistically deprive their citizens from having access to the blockchain without depriving them of computers and computer networks as well.
@_date: 2015-04-28 18:18:07
I suppose it's an effective troll repellent. If I my posts/comments were often derailed by a load of garbage by trolls focusing on the idea of bagholder somehow, I might consider this.
Not because being called bagholder is annoying in itself but rather because the noise trolls make will drive away the kind of discussion that I want to see.
@_date: 2017-09-01 09:26:46
Let's see.. You listed 6 things, of which only 2 make sense to list in this context.
The two are:
- LN Users need to be online. (Checking for fraud / Receiver needs to be online)
- Complexity
The locking of funds is a non-issue. LN funds are only theoretically locked. In practise they're more mobile. The only situation when they're actually locked is if the channel's counterparty is offline, but that's already covered by the complexity argument as that's the complexity from users point of view. How to choose reliable channel partners.
Network limits is a kind of a non-argument too. Anyone with an LN payment address to offer can be expected to have channels setup as well. If they don't... Well, that's a money making opportunity for someone (perhaps you) and will soon be fixed.
The timeouts/attack claim is bogus. The transfers are designed to be atomic. Even when a one-sided channel closure happens in the middle of a transfer. The transfer either fails completely or succeeds. There's no maybe.
@_date: 2015-09-03 14:18:21
That's not quite accurate. Due to the trustless layer below, that is Bitcoin, there are no technical obstacles for every user to have channels to several hubs and actually participating in moving funds between them. In fact, this way hubs can work without even needing to directly connect to each other.
The only thing needed is a wallet UI that handles the complexity for the users and we suddenly have a decentralized Lightning Network.
@_date: 2017-10-07 18:59:25
It's a good thing it isn't owned by the miners then.
@_date: 2017-10-24 19:04:54
We're already scaling on-chain by allowing bigger blocks. Blocks over 1MB are far from rare. Although, I must say that using bytes is far from an optimal way of expressing transaction capacity.
For instance, a regular transaction is around 258 bytes. If you make 3 of them, that's 774 bytes. If you combine those three into one sendmany transaction, that's a transaction of just 326 bytes and the result is equivalent. And it's just 42% of the bytes compared to the 3 transactions individually.
If we combine 10 transactions, the difference is even starker.  564 bytes vs 2580 bytes. Just 22% of the individual transactions, yet it does the same thing. For combining 100 transactions, that's 14%.
There's a lot of scaling potential available just from the market finding ways to express transactions in a more effective manner.
TL;DR It's entirely possible for a 1MB block filled with sendmany transactions to do more than a 5MB block full of individual transactions.
@_date: 2017-10-03 16:52:16
Yep, the slogan "Be your own bank" really means that.
@_date: 2017-10-03 16:57:25
I think I read somewhere that they're adding a temporary opt-in replay protection support. So, if the transaction you're making has a special OP_RETURN output (or something to that effect), the 2x chain won't accept it.
Barring that, just wait until you can get someone, whose coins are already replay protected, to send you some coins on just one of the chains. Then, if you make a transaction that includes that new transaction as input, the transaction will only be valid on one of the chains. The easiest way to make sure it's included is to send all the coins in the wallet in one transaction.
@_date: 2015-09-02 13:59:31
You want something to be decided... that much is clear. However, considering how Bitcoin was built, it was one of the primary design goals to make it as difficult as possible for individual users or even groups of users to make decisions about how to change it.
It'd therefore be deceptive to promise to make a decision about how to change Bitcoin, because no individual person or organization can do that.
The workshops are not trying to make decision simply because it'd be out of their depth. The best thing they can hope to do is to create concrete proposals and hopefully, implementations of those proposals, so the wider community can try to reach a consensus (which, in this context, is a synonym for decision).
@_date: 2015-09-25 21:31:39
Oh, they can't. You're dreaming if you think this will stop bitcoin's growth there.
@_date: 2017-10-24 14:27:40
Blockstream doing that alone is definitely not enough. That I agree with. Every company has at least one nation state that they cannot really ignore. For Blockstream that's The U.S.
@_date: 2015-09-09 14:30:48
It's going to take really advanced AI software to find private keys encoded into a 3d world. QR codes might still be possible to find relatively easily, but a little more creativity and it'll become more trouble than it'd be worth.
@_date: 2015-09-03 14:50:22
Anyone can run a hub. In fact, there's no real difference between a user with a lot of channels and a hub.
@_date: 2011-12-13 20:42:21
Seriously, we're better off without someone with your attitude. I hope you learn to leave you high horse home someday. The world isn't your playground. Nor does it revolve around you.
@_date: 2015-09-11 13:43:02
That library is work in progress. If you don't think the consensus code is being separated fast enough, go help with the work. It's not easy work, mind you, because every change has to stay bug for bug compatible.
There's still a lot of refactoring to be done before the consensus stuff can actually be separated into a library.
@_date: 2011-11-02 09:51:11
It took me around a minute of looking at the page to find the bitcoin related thing there even though I was looking for it. The idea is good but the visibility of your donation address feels a bit hidden.
Perhaps it'd be different if I was used to browsing the site.
@_date: 2015-09-03 14:51:33
a bank can freeze your money indefnitely. LN hub can only freeze your money for a period you can decide yourself. Besides, unlike with banks, you can divide your money over several hubs with no real disadvantages.
@_date: 2015-09-03 06:45:59
There's no centralized list of transactions to block. Miners have figured out how to tell them apart from normal transactions. It's actually _very difficult_ to spam the network and masquerade the spam as regular transactions.
Miners know that Bitcoin's exchange rate will take a plunge if the spam seriously hampers Bitcoin's normal operation. That would drop their profits far more than they'd temporarily gain from prioritizing this spam.
No miner who wants to continue being a miner for the long term will want to prioritize the spam.
@_date: 2011-12-06 20:42:52
There are some people who seems to think that would be a great thing to happen for bitcoin. They say it would get legitimacy as a currency if a government somewhere decided it's important enough to make illegal.
@_date: 2011-12-13 20:47:04
No, upgrades don't erase the wallet. That being said, if you have bitcoins there, do keep backups of it. Up to date backups, that is.
@_date: 2011-12-13 21:02:34
That "The world belongs to me" attitude is precisely what we don't need. You have no respect for what others want. Throwing a fit like this here on reddit just makes it clearer we don't need you. Stop seeking to own everything. It's refreshing.
@_date: 2016-10-22 15:57:23
LN will be an independent network that uses Bitcoin. It's not an upgrade to Bitcoin as such. Therefore it does not make sense to talk about it being deployed.
I expect LN will start seeing some use within a few hours of the moment SW soft-fork activates. I'll, however, be difficult to measure how much use LN is getting, since it leaves much fewer traces of it's operation in plain sight than Bitcoin itself.
@_date: 2011-12-13 21:35:32
That's not respect. Respect is an attitude, not an singular act. When you really respect what others want, it won't matter if honoring their wants will bring you pleasure or not.
Also, while I'm a bit uncertain what kind of happiness you mean, people don't always want that either. When it's not wanted, trying to force it will end up with people wanting you gone. This is not the first time something like this happens, is it?
Your forum account is not yours. Nor is the forum. You have no ownership claim to either of those. You do have an ownership claim to your posts but that's not relevant in this case.
@_date: 2018-04-25 09:34:48
Don't worry, you're not the only one. I tried that several months ago for a few weeks. I gave up eventually. From what little I have seen, it sounds like they're going deeper and deeper off the far end.
@_date: 2018-04-04 13:18:23
You know, if he was seeking attention for himself, we'd be hearing about him much more often than we do. I think the point of this post is actually the opposite. He wants *less attention* (and is willing to take temporarily elevated attention to achieve that).
Also, I'd like to point out that the human mind requires time to wind off to retain the ability to do stressful productive work. It's impossible to use 100% of your time doing stressful stuff effectively.
So, while you might have a point in criticizing his spending, it's pretty likely things would have failed even more spectacularly if he had tried to use all his time for the stressful work. You're basically saying that he should not have had any free time at all.
Also, it's quite clear in hindsight whose money he was using. However, it's rather likely he didn't realize it at the time and thought it was his money to use. 
That being said, I do consider it to be criminally negligent to run an exchange without actually auditing periodically that you actually have the customer funds you're supposed to have. (So I actually agree that he was acting very irresponsibly, I just disagree with your reasoning for why)
@_date: 2015-09-06 08:48:14
You mean, there's a trustless way to achieve predetermined supply with a centralized system? I'd certainly be curious how that would work.
@_date: 2011-12-06 20:32:55
No problem with existence. It's p2p afterall. Won't die unless every single person gives up on it.
@_date: 2015-04-02 21:44:18
That kind of cheating is only possible if the votes are constructed such that you can tell what the vote is or who is voting, which is out of question for an election anyway.
@_date: 2011-12-13 22:10:06
It's quite far from submissive obedience. It doesn't mean blindly doing what others want. It does mean, though, that the decision doesn't hinge on whether or not you'll find it pleasurable.
It's not honoring what others wanted that got you banned. Any account you make is not likely to make it for long if you keep doing it. If you stop doing it, however, there's probably not much reason to keep you banned anymore.
@_date: 2016-10-24 18:19:12
This is unlikely to happen, if merely because it's actually much less risky and very likely more profitable to just sell the mining equipment you make to others. Not to mention the fact that you get the money right there and don't have to employ people to keep the darn thing running.
Having too large fraction of the mining power is just too much of a risk, both financially and politically, that it'd make any sense for a company to take.
@_date: 2015-09-11 14:01:55
... it boggles my mind that people think of that as "forcing others". It makes no sense. There's no way to force others to do anything by just publishing software.
It was a call for a market vote along with an implementation to proceed with the changes in case of a supermajority support. So far it's failed to gain consensus, which is not surprising since there's no immediate pressing need to implement the change.
It's existence and wide knowledge of it, however, is crucial in case it turns out to be necessary implement the change in a hurry, which is what Gavin was worried of when he decided to start pushing for the change.
That's not to say it's a perfect solution. However, the potential that it might end up being chosen by the market will motivate many to work on better alternatives. I believe we'll all be better off in the future for it.
@_date: 2011-11-23 08:12:36
Those limits are there because the law requires them to be. There's some hoops to jump through that are, legally, needed to allow bigger transfers. Verifying your identity is one of them.
@_date: 2018-04-25 08:54:02
I think I remember reading somewhere that quantum computers could be themselves used as a basis for quantum-resistant cryptography. That is algorithms that are only usable with a quantum computer.
If those exist and are actually usable, what kind of qubit requirements would those algorithms have? Would they be possible with less qubits than is necessary for breaking ECDSA?
@_date: 2017-10-02 23:47:08
Only the imagined scenario where miners all switch to 2x and there's not enough miners to keep  the Bitcoin chain going.
@_date: 2016-10-23 15:02:06
Frankly, I think what we're seeing at is like The biggest difference is that they're trying to present themselves as being part of the bitcoin community.
Reading feels like a parallel world created as a joke. Therefore, I've decided to treat it as one. If it looks like duck, walks like a duck and quacks like a duck, it's a duck.
The biggest damage they can do is waste people's time who take them seriously and might make it difficult to talk about certain honest concerns sometimes.
@_date: 2015-11-03 14:54:57
I don't think the warning was a problem but rather that it wasn't clear from the text that the problem is corrected in the newest version. That is, it looked like a notice "our stuff is faulty" rather than "there's been a vulnerability, please update".
@_date: 2017-05-02 15:07:34
Some of the variation in both C and T, if interpreted through the links you gave is likely due to the data measuring individual transactions rather than ignoring their sizes.
I think the expectation of the developers is that eventually there will be a permanent backlog. That is, the backlog never clears entirely. Yes, this means there will be transactions that never confirm and wallets have adapted to the situation by being able to abandon the old transactions when they don't confirm.


There's no way to predict the actual delay, yes. However, you can use the past data to calculate the probability that a transaction will confirm within a specified time, which is enough for the purposes of closing payment channels securely.
For payment channels to be secure enough for practical use, you don't need a 100% certainty that the counterparty can't steal your coins. It's enough to ensure that the expected value of attempting to steal them is clearly negative, which is also amplified by the counterparty not having the data to estimate their chances. They just simply don't know what kind of a fee the punishment transaction will have.
If you make sure the counterparty always has enough coins in the channel, they will always have something to lose. Which means that there's no reason to be stingy with the fees going into a punishment transaction. I expect it'll be a popular strategy for punishment transactions to plunge all of the counterparty's actual remaining coins into the fee and send the rest to their own wallet.
@_date: 2017-05-08 17:15:11
Lawyers won't disappear. Their job just changes into one where they prepare and analyze the smart contracts. Of course, it remains to be seen how good the average lawyer will be at that but I suspect many will be pretty good at it.
Of course, they will no longer be needed for enforcing the contracts, but I highly doubt lawyers themselves will be gone in any way.
@_date: 2011-12-06 20:49:48
Bitcoin is not any more of a pump &amp; dump scam than any other virtual currency (or well, any currency for that matter). There being viruses out there to highjack people's systems to make bitcoin just proves that it's valuable, nothing else.
@_date: 2015-11-05 16:54:32
Sure, a ban like that could even lead to Bitcoin losing it's first mover advantage and could force people into using altcoins that are more advanced, technically.
It'd also piss off millions of people, many of whom would then start working actively on ways to structure a Bitcoin-like system so it's even more resilient against attempts to censor it or prevent it from working.
A ban would slow things down, but there's no stopping this. A smart government won't ban Bitcoin, they'll only be digging their own grave by doing that. They'll also be motivated to prevent any other country from successfully subduing Bitcoin for the same reason.
They'll be much better off making sure Bitcoin keeps it's lead than they'll be with what's born from Bitcoin's ashes should they successfully subdue it.
@_date: 2018-04-04 16:51:54


Yep, even the simplistic version is enough for scaling LN quite a bit bigger in number of users than Bitcoin is now. Also, critics always ignore that not everyone has to use the same route finding algorithm. Every wallet can pick the one that best suits it's needs 
(or outsource, which of course sacrifices some privacy but is an option nevertheless. Although, it should be noted that some routing algorithms might actually build their own routing tables by querying the same API as pure outsourcing does, so the privacy loss through outsourcing is not necessarily as bad as it might seem).
@_date: 2016-05-09 14:56:16
That sounds great. It doesn't really matter who he is/was. I suspect it'll be better if he stays hidden. Yes, for both the community as a whole as well a Satoshi himself.
@_date: 2016-10-22 16:09:28
non-upgraded nodes would accept whatever chain is longest. 
However, if miners indicate enough support for segwit to activate, I find it difficult to believe that the majority of full nodes would still be running the old version at the time of activation.
@_date: 2017-05-08 13:16:50
A hash algorithm based on the UTXO set as well as the script system might be an interesting one. That'd mean that every miner would also be an efficient UTXO database and be able to do block validation using the same resources as required for mining.
Even if an asic is created for that purpose, it's likely even those who don't intend to mine will buy it for the purpose of taking the load off the CPU for regular validation.
@_date: 2011-12-01 08:51:47
That's a rather serious accusation. My initial reaction is to think you're trolling. Do you have a link to back that up?
@_date: 2017-05-01 19:20:51
Oh, thanks for that link. That's more useful for historical analysis than what I had so far.


It'll stabilize somewhere eventually. However, when use of the system is growing, the fees will keep going up, which will encourage people to make more efficient use of the transactions and the situation will normalize for a while again.
We've only very recently hit the block size limit and the first contact is bound to be a little turbulent as people are learning to deal with the situation. 
That being said, LN channels can handle even 40 hour confirmation delays given that the delay period for uncooperative close is at least 2 days. I'd expect a week to be a commonly used delay setting for channels.


It'll stop looking so chaotic as we get more data about how the backlogs act. You only need to be able to estimate the possibility that a transaction takes longer than a certain amount of time to confirm.
Also, it just occurred to me that there's no reason for the payment channel implementations to only prepare a single settlement transaction. There's no reason not to prepare several with different fee levels. this simple solution will remove pretty much all fee related uncertainty and as a bonus also allows closing channels with a more optimal fee on average.
@_date: 2017-05-12 11:05:48
Not immediately, no, but the bigger the bandwidth and storage requirements, the easier it'll be for a government-like organization to completely extinguish the system if it chooses to do so.
There are many electronic money companies that ended up squashed for offering their services too freely. Any cryptocurrency that is too resource intensive and that criminals widely choose to use for money laundering and/or illegal trades will likely be targeted for closure and/or control in a similar way.
Once that happens, the system will either die or slowly morph into a regular centrally controlled bank.
@_date: 2015-11-27 11:35:53
The potential losses from the exchange rate thing are not big enough to actually be an issue for most businesses. Unless of course someone does it on a large scale, which can be defeated in other ways.
Also, for most cases, trying to abuse the volatility is actually not profitable in any case.
@_date: 2015-10-22 11:16:25
While the article itself is interesting and quite alarming, this vulnerability doesn't make it possible to tamper with Bitcoin transactions. It could perhaps be used to fool you into paying someone else than you intend, but not to tamper with the transactions themselves.
@_date: 2017-05-08 08:21:25
I think it's likely that the topology will be both mesh and hub-and-spoke. Some users will want to mesh and others will want to hub. And then others will want to do both, which leads to the mesh and hub networks being pretty interconnected.
What is more difficult to guess at is how many users will choose to merely mesh. I suspect the mesh network will be very sparse at first while hubs form and then the mesh will organically grow from the hubs. But I have no idea what the timescales for this will be.
@_date: 2017-05-02 16:07:50
The 95% segwit activation threshold is a technical parameter chosen as a compromise between the safety of the activation and the difficulty of getting there. There's no political statement about the required level of community support in it. 


There are no core devs that insist on that. The prevailing mindset about that among core devs is that a block size increase will be attempted if it is both feasible as well as necessary.
The idea that core devs are pushing for something like SW + permanent 1mb block is incorrect.
@_date: 2017-05-08 21:31:43
There's no mempool involved in my suggestion.
@_date: 2016-10-22 15:45:03
soft-fork means you change things so that something that was valid previously, becomes invalid. That means that  for old versions, everything still looks valid.
When you try to make something that was invalid into valid, that's hard fork, because old nodes won't accept it unless they're explicitly upgraded.
When the segwit soft-fork has activated, it means that an overwhelming majority of nodes has adopted the new rules. If you were then to try to make the now invalid back to valid, that'd be hard fork, not soft.
@_date: 2017-05-21 08:07:47


BU as a technical implementation doesn't directly block segwit. Nothing technical can really block it. However BU as a social/political community most certainly does.
It helps no-one to pretend BU doesn't also refer to the community behind it.
@_date: 2017-05-01 10:26:55
If you were talking about the payment channel settlement transaction I would understand bringing on-chain fees to the discussion but this is just an LN payment. The only fee that applies is the LN routing fee.
However, the "can't trust his wallet" situation is already present with Bitcoin wallets in certain corner cases. The corner case of having received the wallet's contents in numerous small transactions.
This particular problem comes from the fact that each received transaction output will require at least 148 bytes to use in a transaction. (so a priority fee for one is 148 bytes * 160 satoshis = 0.0002368 BTC ~= $0.32 and economy would be somewhere &lt;=$0.10)
So, if you have received the coins in your wallet in, say, 50 different transactions, sending them all will mean paying between $5-$15 in fees depending on the urgency. If the individual transactions were something like $50 each, that's not too much of a problem but if they were $1 each it's getting a little extreme.
This is actually a big part of the motivation for designing LN and the payment channels in the first place because it's good for combining multiple payments into one actual transaction output.
@_date: 2015-03-06 12:21:17
I laughed at this, but in all fairness, trading only causes homelessness when combined with foolhardyness. Someone who truly knows how to trade won't risk money he/she can't afford to lose.
@_date: 2015-10-20 19:40:39
Not waste of time. A blockchain based solution, even a private one, will be a huge improvement over what banks use today for transfers between banks. But the limits of that approach will become apparent with time.
@_date: 2017-05-17 15:18:53
You're ignoring the economical aspects for the miners. Refusing to play along in this kind of a situation would be essentially guaranteeing that their investment (in mining hardware) will go down the drain. Either because their choice crashes the price or because their arrogance provokes a PoW change. Perhaps even both.
Miners are miners because they want to make money. If going along will make them money while not going along means they're broke, they don't really have much of a choice.
@_date: 2017-05-12 11:16:13
It's an open source project. No-one can prevent anyone from releasing it with any modifications they want.
Of course, whether or not people choose to run it is another matter. Trust is something that has to be earned for a reason. This is especially true for something like Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-03-06 14:06:47
Not to mention that the ones actually using floating point will be in trouble because the current maximum limit is just within the limit of what is still accurately representable with 64 bit floating point numbers. If you add precision, 64 bit floating point will cease to be enough even though 64bit integer could handle 3-4 additional digits of precision.
@_date: 2016-05-09 09:38:06
I almost completely ignored this due to the use the phrase "Executable EXE". That's very misleading. It's a script, not an executable and most definitely not an EXE.
If it actually was an Executable, that'd be seriously worrying from the security perspective as well as usefullness perspective. The difference is, with a script, you can read it and see that it is safe. With an executable, you can only trust it to be safe.
@_date: 2017-05-29 21:41:45
You can't fade away the discount while keeping the increased capacity that segwit provides. The discount is a central element in how segwit provides the increased capacity. If you remove the discount, you remove the added capacity.
The discount doesn't come from someone deciding the transactions are cheaper. It comes from the fact that you can fit more of them into the block which will cause miners to prefer lower fee segwit transactions over regular transactions because they'll make more money by including the segwit transactions.
The only way to remove the discount in segwit is to remove the capacity increase.
@_date: 2017-05-03 07:57:24
No, I've read, understood and evaluated the arguments myself and happen to agree with them. 
Anyway, blocking SW for a reason that has nothing to do with SW itself is just stupid. Please stop that. The developers aren't the only ones who want that update in.
@_date: 2017-05-17 12:59:00
Segwit soft fork does not require everyone to upgrade nodes or wallets just to activate. A supermajority of miners along with a significant fraction of other nodes would be enough. That is, assuming you can trust that miners don't want to cause an economic chain split.
Soft Fork allows users to gradually upgrade with those upgrading getting the benefits as they upgrade, while hard fork requires everyone to upgrade and no-one gets the benefits until everyone has upgraded.
@_date: 2017-05-08 17:21:32
The thing is, you really only need one blockchain that's backed by proof of work. Any other blockchain can get the benefits of that proof of work by timestamping their own chain through bitcoin transactions.
Digital signatures from a limited set of parties who stand to lose a lot if their system fails are enough to form a short term consensus protocol for deciding what the chain will look like before committing it into a bitcoin transaction and therefore making the transactions immutable.
@_date: 2017-05-29 21:53:43
That's just a roundabout way of saying that he wants a hard fork because that's what it'd take to also give discount for legacy transactions.
I've yet to hear any good reasons to not use segwit transactions though. No, pointless political grandstanding doesn't count.
@_date: 2017-05-17 15:24:15
It's not sufficient to coordinate among just all miners. Increasing the block size requires co-ordination among all nodes that are being used for transacting.
@_date: 2017-05-17 15:05:58
If you only keep the UTXO set, you can't handle reorgs. With current transactions, you need the witness data as well if you want to verify data integrity. Without it you'd have no way to verify that the data is what it should be.
Also, the discount is the very mechanism that allows Segwit to increase the block capacity. It's not an essential part of the upgrade but if you remove it and the upgrade is applied, you lose the chance to increase capacity smoothly with a soft fork.
@_date: 2017-07-31 14:09:56
1) That's not what I'm saying. I'm not talking about the number of full nodes. I'm talking about the percentage of people (all people, not just those who use Bitcoin currently) who _could afford to run a full node_ if they wanted to. That's the really important measure.
That is the percentage of people who can *AUDIT* the blockchain, check that the rules are being followed and refuse to acknowledge a version of the blockchain that breaks the rules. If too few people can do this, all someone needs to do is to bribe/threaten the ones who can (and want to) into submission and Bitcoin will be centralized with the rules decided by a centralized party.
2) Yes, even with LN, as it is currently, we will still need on-chain scaling *eventually*. However, with LN, the necessary blocksize falls to levels that will be within the widely accepted safety margin in the next 10-20 years.
@_date: 2017-05-01 18:41:17
Yes, the actual scaling factor LN provides in unclear. However, is there a point in building a numerical scenario? It'd be quite an expensive undertaking to try to model how the system would act in a real world scenario and it'd still not be reliable enough to be able to have much predictive value. It's just not possible to predict everything that has an effect on how well it works.
Considering the resources available for Bitcoin development, the most sensible way to see how useful the system is, is to test it out to see how well it works in the real world.
@_date: 2017-05-17 12:39:28
I never agreed to that.
@_date: 2017-05-01 09:39:20


So far the situation in practice doesn't support this. At it's highest, the minimum fee for next block confirmation was around 220 satoshis per byte. Right now it's around 160 satoshis per byte.
However, this doesn't mean that transactions with much lower fee will never confirm. Currently, even transactions with as low as 50 satoshis per byte can be expected to confirm within 5 hours. This is based on statistical analysis. Source 
The fees have been very stable for a few weeks at the current levels. Stable enough that channel close delay of a week would most likely mean the transactions would confirm in time (that is, within a week) even if the fee was relatively low.


Why close a perfectly good channel? Well anyway, such users won't use LN for long if that's the case. The only reasons to actually close a channel, that I can see, are
a) If the counterparty is unreachable and the fees increase too much
b) if you want to switch the channel counterparty for some reason.
c) if you want to use the channel funds to make a regular bitcoin payment. 


I don't get it. Why would Alice be left with a responsibility to pay more fees later for an LN payment? There's the routing fee and that's that. There's no protocol for changing that later in LN itself.
I have no idea why you brought anyone-can-pay keyword in here.
@_date: 2017-05-15 11:44:47
Most IT management these days is centrally managed through the network. That way you only need a fraction of the number of IT people that you'd need to for handling each system individually.
While what you're saying is definitely possible, most organizations will need days, maybe even weeks to get it done for all the infected systems.
@_date: 2015-10-20 19:25:47
a blockchain is a transport protocol for changes to a database, allowing multiple parties to reconstruct the database with identical data on their own servers. Also, blockchain needs some kind of an algorithm to determine which is the authentic database in case there's a fork attempt.
So basically, it's a method of coming to a consensus among many parties. A private blockchain among the banks themselves is entirely feasible and much better than what they use in transfers between themselves now. Provided, of course, that it's done right.
The main difference to what they want and Bitcoin is that they'll be the gatekeepers. It'll be a closed network you can't use without their permission. The biggest reason they want that is most likely regulatory. Whenever they handle (whether knowingly, or not) so called dirty money, there are significant costs they'll face due to it.
They don't like those costs and within their own closed network, they can effectively keep the amount of dirty money to a minimum.   With Bitcoin, they currently have almost no tools at all to avoid the dirty money, so they're very skittish about it.
@_date: 2017-05-02 23:35:09
What he's saying is _very different_ from refusing any blocklimit lift. He's talking about long term goals for the system. It's quite technical stuff, though, so I can see how you might interpret it that way if you have no idea what he's talking about.
It's a very sensible goal to have a base layer that's flexible enough to not require updates any longer. However, the current base layer is not flexible enough, so eventually it will need some upgrades.
Exactly what those are is still largely unclear as we're still only just beginning to really research the subject. It'd be very premature to commit to a specific way of doing it. Except for whatever we choose to do in the very short term.
Anyway, he's not saying they'll refuse to lift the limit no matter what. He's saying that it might eventually be possible to scale to any scale with just 1MB blocksize.
You see, the developers don't want to prematurely commit to a specific way of improving the system because a better way could be found before the upgrade has to be done. That's why no-one is promising to increase the blocksize. It's way too technically specific of a promise. They can't make that promise because if they see a better way, that's what they'll support. That's their job. To find the best way.
@_date: 2015-10-22 11:19:29
And The US has a record of causing problems even for foreign companies that ignore such licenses, so the most common reaction has been to block customers from NY.
@_date: 2017-05-17 15:37:36


That's the reason BIP148 is having difficulty gaining significant support. BIP149, however, is a different story. It's also an UASF, but it's a direct UASF rather than an indirect UASF like BIP148.
BIP148 attempts to force activate the current MASF (Miner Activated Soft Fork) style Segwit, while BIP149 is a pure UASF that will just simply activate Segwit and that's it.
@_date: 2017-05-17 12:28:11
For example, it separates the witness from the rest of the transaction. That means that for segwit transactions, pruning nodes can throw away the witness portion after validating them. Without Segwit, they can't do that as the witness will be necessary for calculating transaction id and verifying that you actually have the correct transaction.
Due to the above, the witness portion can be discounted and thus segwit will improve the efficiency of the entire bitcoin network in the long run.
@_date: 2017-07-31 08:47:56
Sure, there's a higher incentive to attack Bitcoin when compared to Litecoin. But that's answering the wrong question. The actually meaningful question is how likely it is that Litecoin has not been sufficiently interesting to be attacked in this way.
There is $1 million on offer and if the attacks were easy to pull off as the detractors are trying to make it look like, that $1 million would already be gone. If it was that easy, it'd make no sense to wait because waiting one more minute could mean someone else would grab it.
@_date: 2017-05-08 17:46:15
At least their CTO expressed an opinion against BIP148. Although, not against Segwit itself, nor BIP8.
@_date: 2015-10-29 16:35:47
Cloudflare is a service that augments a problem with the general architecture of the internet. If the main protocols were fixed or replaced, Cloudflare would become completely obsolete.
Oh, the problem? The problem is that services are centralized by default and thus easily attacked and shut down.
@_date: 2017-05-02 12:10:31
A simple simulator does exist. So some analysis has been done. For example, see 
@_date: 2017-05-02 16:12:40
I have no idea if the code for the simulator is published. At least ajtowns's github repository list didn't contain any obvious simulator. Perhaps he'd be willing to share the source if you ask.
@_date: 2017-05-03 23:11:05
Oh, there was that sort of political posturing out there.
Well, it's not of much importance. An agreement with a centralized entity is meaningless without community support. Especially if we're talking about a hard fork.
The blocksize increase might happen. But if it does, it's not because of this "agreement". It's because the community accepted it.
@_date: 2017-05-17 12:44:48
Well, consider a hard fork that switches the PoW algorithm. It's easiest to understand in that case. The current miners clearly won't have much influence in whether or not that particular hard fork succeeds or not. It'll all be up to the new miners and the rest of the community. (and do note that anyone will be able to become one of the new miners, even the old miners, but the old miners won't have any advantage over the new ones in this case)
The situation does not significantly change even when the PoW algo stays the same. Even if the old miners refuse to play along, new miners will pick up the ball. That's the reason miners aren't important for a hard fork.
@_date: 2017-05-03 23:14:14
That is true only with the UASF specified in BIP148.
The UASF specified in BIP149 will activate Segwit on a flag day regardless of miner signaling, but will activate it faster if miners signal for it in sufficient numbers before the date.
@_date: 2015-02-20 03:24:31
While I can't see a problem with doing what you've described, it's dangerous to get too creative with the process. It's way too easy to actually get weaker keys as a result.
sha-256 is an algorithm designed for condensing entropy into 256 bits. You can feed it strings of data with low entropy and the result will have 256 bits of entropy if the source string had at least that much in total to begin with.
So, the simplest workable option is to roll however many rolls you feel comfortable with, make a string from them and then sha256 it and there's your private key. You'd only ever gain anything with the XOR if sha256 is not fit for it's task, in which case you'd be screwed anyway as that's the single most important algorithm bitcoin is built on.
@_date: 2017-07-30 14:36:40
It's not a question of the number of server farms. It's a question of the number of people who can afford to validate the blockchain themselves.
If you _have to trust someone else_ to use the system, then you're not a peer in the system and therefore using the system is not P2P for you. In such a case you're a client of a service provider with the ability to be a peer in the system.
What I was trying to convey with the more/less P2P concept there is the percentage of people with a realistic chance to choose to be a peer in the system if they want to be. That percentage is already pretty low if you measure it globally and it _is measurable_. You just need to calculate what it costs to fully validate the blockchain and then calculate how many people can afford to divert that much of their income and you have the percentage.
That percentage is the amount of people who have the ability to resist a centralized party trying to rule over Bitcoin. When that percentage falls low enough that a centralized party is able to control them all, Bitcoin will soon become effectively centralized.
The parameter that's harder to define is how high this percentage needs to be so we can still keep the benefits of decentralization. I suspect we can at best calculate a propability distribution that a given percentage is enought guarantee sufficient decentralization. Which means that every time we push that percentage lower, we increase the risk that we end up with a centralized system.
Also, the more powerful the centralized parties that might be interested in controlling Bitcoin become, the bigger the percentage needs to be to ensure decentralization. So, the crucial parameter is how powerful centralized party does the system need to be able to defend itself against. This is a guessing a game where you know that bigger percentages are safer, but there's no telling where the safety line is.
I suspect, however, that it's possible to establish a lower bound for this percentage. To prove that we're safe with any percentage higher than or equal to X%. So, if someone happens to come up with a way to determine such a lower bound that gains acceptance even in academic circles, then a scaling solution, that reliably guarantees that percentage, is likely to reach a consensus.
@_date: 2017-07-27 16:23:37
Currently it might be easy for ISPs to detect some Bitcoin users. However, that's not true for all wallets. If it became a bad idea to be detected doing that, wallets would suddenly become much harder to detect. They're only detectable because it currently doesn't matter.
@_date: 2017-07-27 20:08:24
If you could have a P2P system AND scale on-chain, I'd probably also support that. But they're inversely related properties. If you make it more P2P, it'll have less capacity. If you increase the capacity it'll be less P2P. If you increase the capacity enough to run even a significant fraction of the world's transactions on it, it'll be essentially paypal.
You're trying to have something that's just not possible.
@_date: 2017-07-27 16:27:23
I must confess that I don't know the exact process either. However, I do know that the BCC coins will be tied with the same private keys that your Bitcoins are tied to in your Bitcoin wallet. So, as long as you keep those private keys safe, you will be able have access to the BCC coins in the future.
@_date: 2017-05-28 22:06:33
The actual effect will be that both, segwit and non-segwit transactions will be cheaper than before. However, segwit transactions will be significantly cheaper.
What I wrote is just the facts. What Jihan wrote includes a judgement that it's unfair. That judgement is what provokes the hate.
Why unfair? Well, duh, because it makes it difficult for people to continue to maintain their .. umm ... political circus of showing how they will refuse to do what "core" wants.
They've created this so called "core" that's supposedly the root of all evil and are now pretending that using segwit is supporting that. They want people to not use segwit transactions so they can continue posturing and segwit transactions being cheaper means that they'll end up the most used transaction format pretty fast.
In other words, they want something with the label 'core' on it to resist, so they can keep feeling good about themselves for standing against the great evil or something. If Segwit activates, they'll have a difficult time coming to a consensus about the next thing to resist.
@_date: 2017-07-13 10:20:35
It's no longer a coin if it's not spendable anymore.
@_date: 2017-07-27 16:32:57
Using Bitcoin's name for this kind of an altcoin is a dishonest attempt at manipulating people to think it has something to do with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-07-27 16:14:52
You know, all you really need to have to effectively own bitcoins is a 12 word seed phrase, which you can memorize. There's no need to have any device with any trace of anything Bitcoin when going through the customs.
Well, unless they develop mind reading devices... Although, in that case the world will look so different so soon that it almost makes no sense to even mention it.
@_date: 2017-07-12 15:09:18
Whether the data is kept or not doesn't matter. The only thing that matters is whether their coins exist or not. If they're not transferable, then they don't exist as coins. You could argue they exist, but they would be something other than coins.
@_date: 2017-07-30 14:13:09
A FUD attack can only really affect the spurious growth spikes caused by the mass media exposure. It won't be able to significantly affect the organic grass roots growth, which is the main factor in Bitcoin's value. You can't effectively FUD someone who actually knows what's going on.
@_date: 2015-02-20 11:37:19
SHA-2 is a function that's designed for this very purpose and has much fewer gotchas to keep in mind than XOR in addition to wasting less entropy. Though, any *cryptographic* hash function will work. (Notice, not the same as any hash function).
@_date: 2017-07-29 10:43:04
Personally I'd be somewhat reluctant to predict $500k in 3 years. However, if we're talking 5 years, it starts to seem likely. Afterall, 5 years ago the price was at $8 and we're at $2700 now. The price increased 337x in 5 years. Going from $2700 to $500k would only be an increase of 185x.
Past is certainly no guarantee of the future, but Bitcoin is still tiny compared to the global economy. Well below 1% of the economy. Increase of 185x is still well within the realm of possibility.
Unless something stops Bitcoin's growth before that, $500k is invevitable. Might you know of something that will stop Bitcoin's growth? If so, by all means please share.
@_date: 2016-05-15 10:09:45


It's the difference between patenting hardware and software. Most people have only had to deal with software patents and open source, so that tends to be the context they assume.
Edit: or perhaps it's just not clear to people how much of mining is hardware and how much software.
@_date: 2016-07-02 16:00:30
The assumption that the trading volume will drop by $1,200,000 is false. The only thing that drops is selling pressure. Buying pressure stays the same.
Think about the orderbook. Imagine you take away the cheapest $1,200,000 worth of sell orders, every day. Buying pressure is unlikely to drop because of this, in fact, it might even increase. In short, the volume will stay at least the same but the exchange rate will be higher.
@_date: 2015-02-20 02:50:16
Even if the dice aren't perfect, it only means a slight reduction in the entropy per dice roll. That can be easily compensated for with extra rolls, making a string with all the rolls and then taking sha256 of that.
@_date: 2015-10-20 19:57:10
It wouldn't surprise me if Paxos or a derivate of it ended up being the algorithm they use. Making use of Bitcoin as a timestamping service sounds equally possible. Perhaps even a combination of both.
They could even make use of Bitcoin's multisig capability to build a closed network within Bitcoin once Bitcoin's scalability issues have been dealth with. All they need to do is create addresses that require a bank's signature to be spent and never sign transactions that move the coins to non-bank controlled address again.
@_date: 2015-02-20 12:05:10
The dice not being perfect is not a big issue if you use the right tools. If the dice are biased, it just reduces the entropy they generate. This is very bad if you're trying to use them for games where a single roll is often important. However, here you can compensate with more rolls. 
For example, a perfect 16 sided dice generates 4 bits of entropy each throw. With such a dice, you'd need 256/4 = 64 throws to generate 256 bits of entropy.
It takes an enormous bias to drop the amount of entropy by even one bit. For example, suppose the dice gave the side with number "5" half the time or never gave half of the sides. These dices would have 3 bits of entropy. In other words, you could generate 256 bits of entropy with 79 throws.
SHA256 is a function that compresses the entropy in it's input into 256 bits. So, if you make a string from the throws and feed it to sha256, you'll have a random number with at least 255 bits of entropy. (Cryptographers prefer to assume it wastes one bit of entropy on each run)
@_date: 2016-07-01 12:00:37
I see, you believe that stolen money just pops into being from thin air and the consumer doesn't suffer? That's a very naive view. Consumers will end up paying for all of that through increased prices.  
It's like being forced to pay for insurance that covers mishaps with your card information. Even if you know you're very unlikely to ever need it, yourself.
In fact, I very much prefer using Bitcoin whenever possible because it saves me trouble of evaluating whether or not to trust one more merchant with my credit card data.
I don't like going over my credit card bill with a fine comb, especially when it's full of transactions I barely even remember doing. The less individual lines on the bill, the better. 
Unless I actively read the credit report every month, some fraud might get through. That's a cost almost no-one brings up.
@_date: 2017-06-14 16:43:20
It doesn't really need to be organized. If there are people who want that, it'll happen.
@_date: 2017-06-11 08:28:11
The difference between layer and a sidechain is that a layer will make use of bitcoin transactions and network rules directly to facilitate it's operation.
Sidechain might make minor use of bitcoin transactions to record it's own blocks (however that's only one potential way to do it), but will have it's own blockchain and it's own rules. The main thing that makes it a sidechain is that it'll be two-way pegged to bitcoin. (Well, some might call even one-way pegs sidechains, but I think that's stretching it too far)
@_date: 2017-05-15 11:39:41
The client most likely uses a digital signature to verifiy that it's talking to the correct server. So you can't really spoof it without the private key that the real c&amp;c server has.
So, unless law enforcement manages to get the server and it's data, that option is not on the table.
@_date: 2017-06-11 08:44:37
Some corrections. Segwit itself is incompatible with covert asicboost, not just BIP148. All BIP148 does is try to force miners to signal Segwit. Beyond that, BIP148 does nothing.
The Segwit2x plan is funny in that miners could easily unilaterally just decide to activate the normal Segwit if they wanted to. However, Segwit2x includes a hard fork, which requires the entire network to upgrade to be possible. It's unlikely that an active consensus will form for the hard fork. No such consensus is needed for Segwit though, passive majority acceptance/ignorance is enough that it'll go through without problems if there's a majority miner support.
Others also mentioned this, but Lightning Network is not a sidechain. It's a layer on top of Bitcoin. You're also mixing up criticisms of sidechains as criticism for the Lightning Network. The ones you mentioned have nothing to do with Lightning Network.
The reason Lightning Network requires Segwit is that Segwit provides a transaction type that is not malleable. Malleability makes smart contracts unreliable (there are ways to get around it for LN purposes but that in turn makes the contracts too clumsy to be practical and more error prone to use).
I just hope miners would quit trying to bully the community into accepting a hard fork in order get Segwit. It's not going to work and just wastes time and gives altcoins a boost (makes one wonder if that's the real motivation for continuing this farce, there's a lot of money to be made by manipulating the market in this way)
@_date: 2016-05-15 13:56:34
This does not necessarily mean google, yahoo or microsoft got hacked. So many people use the same password everywhere that if you break into a third party service, you can use the data you find there to break into the email accounts of most of the users.
Security is a complex endeavor and passwords are a rather bad tool to use to achieve it.
@_date: 2017-06-19 15:12:51
Why do you people act like the commit access to a particular repo makes much of a difference? Anyone could easily clone that repo and make whatever commits they want or give commit access to the cloned repo to anyone they please.
Please stop acting like a particular repo makes a difference and it'll actually stop making a difference. It's only a problem if people brainwash themselves into thinking that a certain repository is the official one.
@_date: 2017-06-02 13:14:04
It's quite simple really. You'll pay extra heavy fees if you receive more bitcoin payments than you send out. How extra heavy depends on how many more payments you receive than you send out.
Basically, every bitcoin payment you receive will mean you'll eventually need to pay fees for 148 bytes of transaction. So it'd make sense to consider every incoming bitcoin payment to cost you that much in fees. At the current fee level this would be 148*350 satoshi = 51800 satoshi =~ $1.25 per incoming transaction.
(the reason it's not cheaper if you receive less transactions than you send is that unless you somehow make sure you send them in batches, every transaction will also send the change back you, so it will also count as one incoming transaction.)
Edit: Although, if you make use of the low activity time periods and are willing to wait with the confirmation, you can probably get it sent with around 150 satoshis per byte, which comes out to around $0.55 per incoming transaction.
@_date: 2017-07-30 17:59:00
The FUD would only work for a limited time. The pool of people that are able to see through the FUD expands steadily as the people who can do that interact with people who can't and express their counterarguments. Someone who has been unFUDed once won't convert back to being FUDed. At least not with the same FUD and is likely to ask the person who unFUDed them the first time if they encounter a new FUD.
This works because of Bitcoin's incentive structure. It literally pays (even if indirectly) to unFUD people.
@_date: 2016-07-02 22:32:10
That's the difficulty in foretelling markets. To figure out what others are speculating about the market moves and do it before them.
So, yes, it could already be priced in and despite that, bitcoin could still be massively underpriced. Or perhaps there's been an overshoot already. Who knows.
@_date: 2013-03-28 08:25:11
No, not a coincidence. That's when the crackers really noticed bitcoin for the first time as it started having enough value to interest them. You could say it was inevitable as the intrastructure around Bitcoin was not mature enough.
@_date: 2013-11-01 22:19:41
We could start using kilo and megasatoshis as the unit. we could steal  from germans as a character for satoshi unit and stick M or k in front of it. so 1 BTC = 100 M = 100 000 k = 100 000 000 .
@_date: 2013-12-03 22:48:10
That's very close to how it works. OP is just plain wrong.
@_date: 2013-03-22 16:05:56
I've had that thought too. Interesting similarity.
@_date: 2017-06-02 11:36:21
Each miner is free to choose the algorithm they want. Most prefer making money, though, so they don't really have an incentive to choose based on much else.
@_date: 2013-01-17 01:01:03
Of course not, at least BFGMiner, the PC version, will have support for the devices too. I expect other mining software will too, eventually.
It's just that a cheap android phone plus a powered usb hub is much cheaper and more compact than a regular PC. So, if you want a dedicated control system for your miners, and don't have an extra PC for it, the android option will be cheaper and easier to use.
@_date: 2013-02-16 17:25:51
Sorry to make this one implausible as well but anyone using a brainwallet seed that's liable for having that happen will see their brainwallet emptied by automatic thieves the moment bitcoins are transferred to it.
@_date: 2013-03-22 08:48:31
Yes, you can have your own version of the 10,000 bitcoin pizza story. It'll sound outlandish that you paid several bitcoins for the games :)
@_date: 2013-02-12 11:55:57
If you use a separate address for each transaction, you can change the label separately for each address. Would this work? You can assign the same name to several different addresses if you wish.
@_date: 2013-02-03 00:03:40
There's one such directory right here on Bitcoin wiki:
Edit: It's actually linked to in the sidebar of this subreddit under "Bitcoin Merchants".
@_date: 2013-11-19 19:55:30
It's like having cash in your wallet. Don't carry more than you can stand to lose.
@_date: 2013-01-25 16:29:16
It's not a front. It's a vision for the future. Only really possible when people are using bitcoins themselves as a currency.
@_date: 2013-01-26 16:44:00
I asked on the developer channel and was told it's most likely taking a while because it depends on a long chain of other unconfirmed transactions. Coinbase probably could do something to avoid this kind of thing happening.
@_date: 2013-04-24 09:15:07
Yes they can, but only if they publish the new JS on their github account first.
@_date: 2013-03-12 17:12:34
A replacement? That'd need some serious budget behind it to be able to do anything better than Bitcoin, really. Besides which, it'd have had much less testing than Bitcoin, so it'd most likely have more bugs, not less.
@_date: 2013-02-07 09:58:06
You know, I'm starting to see a pattern here. Everyone complaining about one purchase going through and second being canceled as high risk has tried to buy the exact same amount the second time.
Perhaps that is one of the triggers that flags the transaction as high risk. Then again, it could also be making several small orders in close succession that triggers it.
@_date: 2013-03-21 18:11:36
I think this is a reference to the 20% of the XRP that will stay with the founders of the ripple company. XRP is the only thing the system accepts for transaction fees.
@_date: 2013-04-01 14:48:02
If the transaction isn't in the blockchain, it didn't happen. Unless you screw up with the address you send to or lose your private keys, there is no way to destroy bitcoins.
In other words, if the transaction doesn't get confirmed, it might take a while, but you can recover the bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-03-07 00:23:32
They were priced in dollars, were they not? Your analogy is backwards
@_date: 2013-02-18 18:21:03
The investment required to attack the network in a GPU mined network is high enough that it makes sense for an attacker to make their own ASIC if it doesn't already exist. If that happened, the attacker could not be defeated by regular miners adding more power. With ASICs available to everyone, honest miners have the advantage.
@_date: 2013-03-31 19:21:35
No, it's very easy to tell if it's the server that generated the private key or if the javascript sends it to the server. Any web developer can check the page if it's trustworthy.
bitaddress.org is an entirely browser based system. That's why you can save it to a file and run it without internet at all. It makes no use of a server at all.
A server based system similar to this would get caught very fast. You'd see many people warning others about it loudly.
@_date: 2013-09-01 10:56:36
I'd suggest reading more carefully before you reply. Who in their right mind would try to doublespend when they win? It's only when you lose that doublespend makes sense.
Since satoshidice tells you the result before the first confirmation, a selective double spend is possible. As long as the success probability is over 2%, you'll be making profit, on average.
@_date: 2013-03-09 12:08:40
I've looked at quite some alternatives myself and I still prefer the B with the two vertical lines. Although, not a version where they go through the letter but rather just show up at both ends, like in these logos: 
@_date: 2013-03-13 17:24:28
There's a set of rules that are encoded into the reference implementation of Bitcoin that is still the only implementation that's actually running the network. Every computer running this implementation constantly verifies that the data it recieves from other computers abides by the rules. Any computer sending data that breaks the rules is simply ignored.
That is, basically, what limits the amount of bitcoins in existence. To change the rules, you'd have to convince a large majority of people running and using Bitcoin to go along with it. That's what keeps the number of bitcoins fixed.
@_date: 2013-04-04 17:26:48
The last thing on your list is a a requirement to do the second one. All of these are things that would be detected immediately and would likely result in a serious drop in the exchange rate. In addition to this, it would lead to miners abandoning the pool in hordes.
Thus, it's beyond ridiculous to think they'd actually do any of those.
@_date: 2013-05-19 10:21:13
No, the reason I said that is that some people will read the line you bolded and dismiss Bitcoin entirely, seeing that it's possible to do that and thinking the developers can do it on a whim.
@_date: 2013-02-18 18:25:52
Very much so. Having to invest money specifically into mining devices gives the miners extra motivation to make sure that they keep mining and mine into their own wallet. I expect much smaller portion of the world's ASIC mining hardware will be available to botnets than with GPUs or CPUs.
@_date: 2013-01-27 16:36:53
No normal bitcoin wallet will let you do a doublespend by accident. No need for carefulness there.
2 weeks old means there's something wrong with the transactions though. It's likely they won't confirm.
@_date: 2013-01-16 19:53:28
I expect that the easiest way for most people that BFL appears to be envisioning is that they get a cheap android tablet or phone, powered USB hub. Then they need to root the tablet/phone and install the android version of BFGMiner (with a slick UI). Then connect the phone and mining devices to the hub and configure the software to connect to a pool.
The android version of BFGMiner will be available from google play if I have understood correctly.
@_date: 2013-08-01 10:17:03
No, that's not the bitcoin flow. Bitcoin flow is supposed to be $5 in a bitcoin account -&gt; $5 of bitcoin to merchant.
With Bitcoin, neither you nor the merchant needs to have anything to do with either a bank or paypal. _That_ is the point.
Edit: Yes, I realize most people are not comfortable enough with Bitcoin to hold bitcoins yet. That will change.  Personally, I prefer holding bitcoins to holding the local fiat.
@_date: 2013-05-19 03:51:12
It's good to remember that the only reason it was possible to erase the transaction was because the majority of users chose to upgrade to a version that wouldn't accept the exploit transactions.
There's no way to force everyone to upgrade. This is also the reason there's no auto-update features in the reference implementation. An auto-update system would give the developers too much power.
@_date: 2013-02-03 18:06:11
That depends on whether or not this custom client is used for mining. Even if it is, unless it's percentage of miners is significant enough that they can keep the fork usable, it's going to most likely end up as a temporary inconvenience for users of that particular client being unable to see new transactions get confirmed.
Especially miners are going to react to something like this fast. Mining a chain that ends up orphaned means they're not making anything by doing that.
If close to 50% of the miners were on different sides of the fork and someone deliberately makes both sides of the fork contain conflicting transactions it is conceivable the fork is not reconciliable and will stick, effectively creating 2 different Bitcoin networks from that point on. However, this is quite unlikely situation.
@_date: 2013-02-15 02:29:46
... just what is malware like about reading and writing a lot to the disk? I don't get it.
@_date: 2013-02-06 13:13:36
This critical info is available on any computer running bitcoind or bitcoin-qt from bitcoin.org and fully synced. Though, unfortunately, not in as easy to digest form as it is on blockchain.info.
The soon to be released 0.8 does provide some more framework for accessing this information. At least through the RPC and debug console interfaces.
@_date: 2013-07-11 10:38:39
The "paradoxes" referring to the core development team are missing an important point. That is that the core development team is replaceable with no need for their cooperation.
If they try to move Bitcoin in the wrong direction, you only need to not start using their changes. Should this happen, alternatives keeping the old direction will certainly appear.
@_date: 2013-01-30 12:08:54
Now, the $100,000 question is, *which* government? If they all try it, they'll have to cooperate or it won't work.
@_date: 2013-12-13 14:35:47
Why would it make you less excited about Bitcoin if the coins you got were compensation rather than created by you?
To me it's an exciting tech regardless.
@_date: 2013-08-30 14:45:46
Let's hope that's enough. I seem to recall paypal forbidding the sales of anything bitcoin related through their service. Yes, including miners.
@_date: 2013-02-13 20:43:41
seeing if there's new interesting developments. The usual.
@_date: 2013-01-17 22:08:53
No, you don't sound stupid. You just sound like you're new to bitcoin.
That being said, probably not the best time to jump in to the mining business. We might be getting ASICs soon. If that happens, all old mining equipment will be obsolete within a couple of weeks.
@_date: 2013-01-29 15:28:15
You know, blockchain.info has a support email address too. Use that.
@_date: 2013-11-15 20:46:02
arguments about whether or not to do it are a waste of time. We don't have the power to prevent it from being done if the government wants it done.
The only useful courses of action are:
1. Find some technical and/or social means to make the redlisting/marking useless and get it done.
2. Make sure a version of the technology exists that's not the worst possible implementation.
To do number 1, you need to understand the technology, so you'll have to design it if it's not yet made. So, might as well do number 2 while at it.
Edit: TL;DR Criticizing Mike for thinking about this system is analogous to shooting the messenger.
@_date: 2013-03-25 00:39:22
Something very like this is possible, however, no-one has implemented it so far. There's no central point of control in Bitcoin so this has to be done a little differently than two factor authentication used by websites.
@_date: 2013-09-01 13:22:44
Considering that only one address was emptied, I doubt it was your entire blockchain.info account that got breached. Somehow the thief managed to recover the private key to that address and not the others.
Still, I'd suggest creating an entirely new wallet for whatever you still have. One of your addresses got compromised and thus it's likely others are in danger too.
The transaction that took your coins seems to have been done through blockchain.info's system, so they might have an IP address, even if that's likely a dead end.
@_date: 2013-04-09 20:01:38
We could start using  to stand for satoshi and use M as the unit for the time being :) M as in Mega Satoshi. ( is the german double S letter)
If we did that 1 BTC would equal 100 M.
@_date: 2013-02-18 09:31:22
The delay being long doesn't really make it more or less difficult to cheat the system. If you have 0.01% of the hashpower, you'll find 1/10000 of the blocks. No matter the difficulty.
I think the purpose of the delay is to reduce the chance of chain forks appearing. Chain fork happens when two or more miners both find a block close at nearly the same time. Only one of the blocks will remain valid.
@_date: 2013-08-25 19:18:49
Volatility will drop as it becomes more widely used, thus inviting more usage.
@_date: 2013-07-14 23:07:37
It's not just miners who decide it. It's all users really. Even if the majority of miners decides to increase the number of coins, users only have to choose to stick to the old chain with the old rules and the miners' majority decision doesn't matter. 
@_date: 2017-06-19 13:22:23
Well, they obviously don't want the price to start moonin again. Anyway, the markets will decide if the hard fork happens or not. Hopefully enough exchanges introduce the split on their internal market before it actually happens so we can avoid actually having a split unless the community actually wants it.
@_date: 2013-01-31 11:14:29
Whichever you play, the odds are you'll lose money. Especially if you're of the type who is not able to stop playing when ahead.
@_date: 2013-03-27 21:04:25
Yes, the limit means the inflation will eventually drop so small it no longer matters.
Dividing currency into smaller pieces is very different from quantitative easing. When you divide currency into smaller fractions, the relative purchasing power of everyone holding that currency stays the same.
With quantitative easing, the new money is injected at certain institutions, making their owners richer. In effect it transfers purchasing power from everyone to the few who get the money first.
@_date: 2017-06-02 11:45:18
Yes, it'll ultimately result in a much more efficient use of the blockchain. This particular high fee example is a result of a very inefficient use of the blockchain.
Oh right, the user benefit for more efficient use of blockchain? Less congestion, lower fees average fees.
@_date: 2013-01-31 23:15:36
It's 2016 blocks. So, that means the amount of "extra" bitcoins there'll be on the market due to increases in hashrate has a hard cap at 2016*25BTC = 50.4kBTC.
In Avalon's case, the first batch will only ~double the hashrate, so that means there'll be at most 25kBTC extra over one week. That is 3.5kBTC per day.
@_date: 2013-12-10 13:13:54
I don't think there are hordes of people wanting to donate gold to them. Bitcoin on the other hand... well, just look at the amount of comments here.
@_date: 2013-12-16 11:30:00
It's not a name for the tool but rather the concept. In a brainwallet, the user's brain is an integral part of the wallet and expected to be able to operate the tools.
So, in short, brainwallet is a great way to store bitcoins... for someone who is an expert in how bitcoin transactions work. 
That being said, it's not a huge amount of information you need to understand to safely use a brainwallet. Especially so for someone who already has a basic grasp on computers and security.
@_date: 2013-03-22 16:05:17
Besides which, I believe most people with money would benefit from something like Bitcoin more than it'd harm them. So I don't believe they'd have the motivation. They'd most certainly have to do this at a loss if they wanted to cripple the market.
@_date: 2013-02-07 13:10:14
To clarify a little. If the odds really were 97% and the payout 1.1x. This makes it look like the expected value is 0.97*1.1 = 1.067 and is higher than what you're betting.
However, since this system does not create bitcoins out of thin air and the house certainly isn't paying everyone from their own pocket, the money for this comes from the players. Thus, it's not statistically possible for everyone to get, on average, more than the their bet.
TL;DR My point is that the calling the odds 97% and the payout 1.1x is misleading people who have a simplified understanding of statistics.
@_date: 2013-02-18 09:46:19
Thus far I haven't heard of any supercomputer that could come even close to actually posing a threat to the bitcoin network and that's just with GPU mining. With the move to ASIC mining, it's going to require a dedicated supercomputer built specifically for bitcoin mining to be of much use.
The current supercomputers can only use a tiny fraction of their circuitry for bitcoin mining. They're thus very inefficient at it. The electricity they use would cost more than what they manage to mine.
@_date: 2013-12-03 22:38:33
Electrum is currently implemented so that it uses the algorithm specified in BIP32. I checked electrum's source code and verified it works like this. 
The private key derivation is done through the cryptographic hash function HMAC-SHA512. Whatever the seed, you'll get the full range of possible private keys for single addresses from it. The OP is just plain wrong.
Also, if someone happens to get the private key for one of your addresses in a BIP32 wallet, it alone won't help in getting any of the others. 
@_date: 2013-01-26 15:51:10
It's incorrect to think of it as inputs being unlocked.
The transaction, when translated to english (and simplified), goes somewhat like:
Access rights to bitcoins in txid A are now transfered to address B
This message is then signed with the private key of the address the coins were received with. Any change to the message and the signature is invalid and you can't make a valid signature without the private key.
@_date: 2013-03-16 14:39:53
Were the private keys generated through blockchain info or did you generate them some other way and just imported them to blockchain.info?
Edit: please provide copy&amp;pasteable version of the transaction history. so people can try tracing the transactions.
@_date: 2013-02-04 20:04:49
umm, no, 97% odds at 1.1x payout does not quite compute. I'm quite sure you're not dishing money out from your own pocket, so it has to come from the users.
@_date: 2013-05-01 18:43:35
I've tried contacting you through the "Contact US" dialog on your website twice now and haven't received a reply yet. The first attempt was a week or so ago. Are you sure it works? I was requesting an offer for a bigger order of the stickers.
@_date: 2013-02-07 19:49:35
Both domains resolve to the same IP address. It's the same server. I'm not knowledgeable enough to say if it's the real site though.
@_date: 2013-01-10 11:40:03
sounds like this tom had been led (or had led himself) to believe that the schedule is going to hold. He announces this publically. Then, he gets the news, there is going to be a big delay. This leads to meltdown and selling the company. Perfectly plausible scenario.
@_date: 2013-01-26 14:47:28
No, that's a greeting used for phonecalls.
@_date: 2013-06-11 10:48:29
I'm actually kind of happy OpenCoin is being slow in distributing XRP. It'll slow down the adoption of XRP as a currency.
This way the attention will be more focused on Ripple's actual core innovation. The IOU based money transfers in any currency.
@_date: 2013-02-13 10:54:56
Some bitcoin services might skip the network altogether if the transaction happens within the service. For example, Mt.Gox will not make a network transaction for transfers between Mt.Gox accounts unless the "open transaction" option is selected while making the withdraw.
Also, many services work such that they'll give you one bitcoin address to deposit to, which stays until bitcoins are sent to it. Then you're given a new one (and likely not shown the previous one anymore, anywhere.)
@_date: 2013-09-28 14:30:47
The service bitcoin miners are providing is verifiable timestamping. It's useful for any situation where you need to prove something existed on a certain date (and you're able to predict the need).
In short, the service miners are providing with all this work is digital notarization service. Perhaps the most significant point about this is that it's usable with automated systems.
@_date: 2013-03-16 00:02:38
The private key, unless intentionally chosen badly, is many magnitudes harder to brute force than the kinds of passwords we're accustomed to. 
@_date: 2013-03-16 11:50:34
I think it's helpful to think about inflation by looking at it's effects and then looking at what would be needed to replicate those in Bitcoin based economy.
When more money is created, causing inflation, most people lose buying power and those people who get the newly created money gain buying power.
For anything comparable to happen in Bitcoin system, you'd have to forcibly take a portion of Bitcoins (lose buying power) everyone else has and then give it to some selected people (who'd gain buying power).
The issue isn't really inflation and deflation. It's the involuntary transfer of buying power that's the problem. That's what happens when money is created in our debt based system. Inflation is merely the result of this.
The infinite divisibility in Bitcoin doesn't cause any transfer of buying power to happen.
Now, you might now be wondering about deflation and noticing how it's increasing bitcoins' buying power. That is true, bitcoins are absorbing buying power from other assets.
The crucial difference with fiat money, like dollars or euros, is that there's no involuntary internal transfer of buying power within the bitcoin system.
@_date: 2013-02-03 20:49:35
As long as no-one does a double spend with one transaction on one chain and the other in the other both spending the same output, there's no problem with jumping from chain to chain. Sucks for the miners who ended up mining the short end of the stick though.
@_date: 2013-12-14 15:20:07
Because there is a very limited number of things I can do personally. This needs someone with much more time avaiable than me.
@_date: 2013-02-23 08:47:36
that kind of supercomputer doesn't exist. Bitcoin mining is very limited in scope. If you use a computer that's designed for general computation to mine, it's 100 to 10000 times less efficient at it than a task specific ASIC.
The transition to ASICs has already begun. In a few months it'll be impossible to make a supercomputer able to both pose a threat to Bitcoin and have other practical uses.
@_date: 2013-02-09 10:49:08
If you're running the very first node on mars and are trying to sync through the p2p protocol, sure. However, once there are synced bitcoin nodes running on Mars, most of the syncing will happen through those and much faster.
@_date: 2013-03-14 14:40:53
Long term there are plans to add some rules on how to acceptably implement the possibility to increase the fee in a transaction.
I read about an idea where a transaction would be allowed to be replaced as long as the replacing transaction increased the fee by at least minimum fee and paid all the all the outputs in the original at least as much as the original transaction did.
Edit: I believe the current implementation only stores unconfirmed transactions in RAM.
@_date: 2013-01-25 01:24:11
I followed the events in real time back then. The price didn't go from $27 to $2 in days. It went from $30 to $2 in 4 months.
Edit: As you can see from the graph, the price didn't got below $10 until about 6 weeks after the high of $30. 
@_date: 2013-02-03 15:45:09
The way I understood the explanation was that he's carrying them empty, but loads one up with his mobile wallet when he wants to give someone some.
@_date: 2013-08-15 12:36:46
If you do start accepting bitcoins and manage to figure out how to let local bitcoin-enthusiasts know about it, you might find you've got yourself more customers.
Note that this does not mean that even they will necessarily pay you with bitcoins, but accepting bitcoin means they will favor your business over your competitors who don't.
@_date: 2013-02-10 09:26:44
Ripple has the potential to grab a lot of market share. However, I don't expect that it will replace Bitcoin. There's plenty of room for both on the market.
That being said, Ripple can do some things Bitcoin cannot. Thus, in certain sectors, Ripple is likely to supplant Bitcoin as the direct payment method. Especially since Ripple provides the framework to accept any currency, including Bitcoin.
So, there's a reasonably good chance that Bitcoin could end up as a reserve currency while Ripple is used to do the actual transactions.
Of course, Ripple's own virtual currency (XRP) also has a chance. Although I expect people will be vary of owning a lot of them due to the fact they're all pregenerated and a large portion of them are likely to be owned by the company behind Ripple for a long while.
@_date: 2013-03-18 13:44:32
The expected reward is calculated with theoretical optimum values. There are hard to estimate inefficiencies in practise. Thus, the cumulative reward is most likely going to end up somewhat lower than the theoretical optimum.
@_date: 2013-03-03 09:26:57
I tend to check the start, the end and I also take a note of a random part of the address in the middle and check that the it exists in the address I'm actually sending to as well.
It's easy to fake the beginning and the end by address mining, but it's much harder to pass the middle check. Do note that I don't try to check that it's in the same place, just that the same sequence of letters is present in both. Very hard to spoof since the potential attacker can't know which part I'll pick.
@_date: 2013-01-09 13:03:43
localbitcoins.com is also one option, if you're lucky and someone near to you is offering to trade.
@_date: 2013-03-29 13:13:41
You can help stop it yourself. How? When you see that being done, make sure to buy everything you can so they can't profit from the cheap coins they've caused. Make it difficult for them to buy their coins back at profit.
@_date: 2013-02-03 21:43:56
The compromise from a single party having 51% or more is not a complete compromise in any case. Also, it's a good thing these chips are coming to the market where anyone can buy them. That's the best way to make it difficult for any single entity to get 51%.
It cannot be guaranteed no-one will do it. But it can be guaranteed no-one will try to do it because they expect to profit from it (unless they're very stupid). The idea is to make the investment required to get 51%+ so high that the potential return for misusing it is not worth it.
As Bitcoin grows, eventually it will be a practical impossiblity.
@_date: 2013-04-01 18:59:09
Yes, it's the same person behind both sites.
@_date: 2013-02-22 01:00:30
There are also paper wallets. check out  and  for tools to create them.
@_date: 2013-01-26 16:21:58
there is a status display that lists all unconfirmed transactions blockchain.info knows about here:
@_date: 2013-03-23 13:12:03
There's two aspects to this. First there's people with bitcoins needing dollars, euros or some other fiat currency suddenly for whatever reason. This is a random factor.
Second, there's investor psychology. In more common terms, the interaction between fear and greed.
1. When the price first starts going up, greed will amplify the increase. 2. After the price has increased for a while, fear (of crash) will start reducing the number of people buying in. Yet, greed will still be strong enough to keep most from selling at this point yet.
3. The price has reached a plateau. Greed will keep most people waiting in case it increases more, however others will start betting on a crash being imminent and sell in the hopes of buying back in cheaper after the crash. (Of course, buying back only happens if the traders believe that the price is going to continue increasing despite the crash.)
4. Crash has happened and traders are trying to guess how big the crash is going to be and to time their purchase accordingly. This will eventually stop the crash and cause a reversal as traders notice they missed the bottom and rush into buying from those who still believe (or fear that) the crash will continue.
5. Depending on the number of traders betting on different outcomes, this is where the situation becomes quite variable. Basically, the market will go where the most money bets it will.
This is of course very simplified version, but hopefully it'll help you understand the mechanics more.
@_date: 2013-02-17 00:38:51
For the first question, the delay is actually arbitrary. It's a design decision since the system adjusts the computational difficulty to keep the average time between blocks at 10 minutes.
For the second question. The proof of work makes it expensive to create valid blocks. The more blocks have been found after a certain block, the more expensive it is to replace. This is what actually confirms transactions. The fact that they get more expensive to cancel with each confirmation. This is what solves the double spending problem.
@_date: 2013-01-10 22:36:47
it's possible they thought there was something suspicious about the IP address you were connecting from. For example, it's well known from past reports here on reddit that if you try to withdraw funds when connected through tor, they'll freeze the account until verified.
If they've changed it so they don't even allow deposits if withdraw would require verification, that's actually positive change.
I'm not from US myself, so I can't recommend actual exchange services but localbitcoins.com is one option you could use to find someone to trade with directly.
@_date: 2013-03-31 22:08:13
There is a permanent record in the blockchain, that much is correct. The real kicker is that he assumes it'll do any good in figuring out who were the ones doing the transaction. The blockchain doesn't carry information that could be used to identify people with certainty. You can make reasonably guesses but certainty is unattainable.
@_date: 2013-02-19 13:17:22
BitcoinSpinner is a wallet software that only supports one single address. It's got a backup/restore functionality that I expect you could use to replace the address it creates.
@_date: 2013-03-23 21:32:09
The new bitcoin.org website is pretty good on the angle about web-wallets. They're listed there but won't be shown unless you click through a disclaimer that explains they're risky.
@_date: 2013-01-07 00:33:07
Looks somewhat abandoned, that website.
@_date: 2013-07-08 16:52:24
Frankly, given that it's becoming increasingly difficult to live without a bank account, it should be counted as a basic right. In some countries banks are already legally required to provide a bank account to everyone if they want one.
@_date: 2013-02-13 18:51:50
I fail to see how this inflation chart is relevant.
@_date: 2013-03-12 12:17:06
Looks like it confirmed just fine :)
@_date: 2013-12-16 15:50:45
Nothing prevents anyone from running a fractional reserve system with bitcoin denominated accounts.
The point is that with Bitcoin, the core system is always there and that core system is guaranteed to be free from any fractional reserve.
Why would anyone in their right mind trust their bitcoins to an operator of a fractional reserve system denominated in bitcoin? Of course, a bitcoin wallet service could defraud their customers and do this without telling anyone, but that's called fraud for a reason.
With Bitcoin, you can _always_ hold your coins yourself and be 100% sure it's not fractional reserve. This is what will prevent bitcoin denominated fractional reserve from becoming widespread.
@_date: 2013-03-09 22:37:29
This service is for providing privacy, not speed. Reading the descriptions for the service, I'm not at all surprised it's taking over 24 hours.
@_date: 2013-03-13 10:21:38
There's just one transaction there. Address C is most likely a change address. This is how Bitcoin transactions work. When you transfer bitcoins, you have to transfer one or several previous received transactions completely.
So, in this instance the bitcoins being sent are a transaction that came to address A. Since outputs to addresses B and C total 50 bitcoins, address A should have received that plus the fee, that is 50.005 bitcoins.
In a Bitcoin transaction, anything that doesn't go to an address from the input, is considered a fee for the miner. So, if address C was missing, the miner would get 40.005 as a fee. For this reason, the sender almost always includes a change address of his own in the transfer.
If this was your own wallet you were sending from, address C is your own address.
@_date: 2013-02-03 10:11:04
The Bitcoin-network adjusts the mining difficulty automatically to keep the rate of new bitcoins in check. At worst we might see a week or two when as many are generated as before the block reward halved.
As such, there will be no flood big enough to make a significant difference. The daily exchange volume across all exchanges averages somewhere around 200kBTC. The generation rate of new bitcoins is only 3.5kBTC per day. Even doubling that won't make a big effect on the price.
Volatility is there, I agree. That's what services, such as Bitpay are here for. They take the payments in Bitcoin, the volatility risk and send the merchant dollars or euros.
@_date: 2013-08-25 19:16:57
linear chart exaggerates the latest correction, giving the false impression that it was a crash. This is easily verified by noting that there's no crash visible if you look at the 30 day average price. 
The peak and the crash were both short lived enough that they ought to be considered outliers. What remains is a 1200% increase from january to may followed by a relatively stable period.
@_date: 2013-11-15 14:45:13
This is possible as long as the differences between the forks do not require changes to the blockchain format or acceptance rules. 
@_date: 2013-12-06 18:10:12
It doesn't need to be many. It's enough if almost everyone knows someone who can.
@_date: 2013-03-30 15:59:11
this is what the units called mBTC ja uBTC are for. On the technical level, the only change that is required is the support for more division. Every user can decide for themselves if they measure their coins in BTC, mBTC or uBTC or even smaller units if needed.
@_date: 2013-02-06 15:42:36
TL;DR If you're patient and willing to wait a few trillion years, sure.
The ECDSA algorithm that Bitcoin uses is not based on prime numbers. The mathematical problem is a bit different. Taking this into account would change your question into form "What's the chance that someone else will generate one of my addresses?".
The addresses are 160-bit numbers. So, if we assume someone decides to go address mining. That is tries to generate addresses that already have Bitcoins on them.
There are 2^160 = 1461501637330902918203684832716283019655932542976 different possible Bitcoin-addresses.
That means, since there's 6 billion people on the planet, that there are 2^160/(6*10^12) = 243583606221817153033947472119380503 addresses available for every single person.
Now, if we assume there was someone who could create to the tune of 20 billion addresses per second (this would require many times more processing power than is currently used for Bitcoin mining). It'd take him on the average 2^160 / (6*(10^12)) / (20*(10^12)) = 12179180311090857651697 years to find an address belonging to someone else, if everyone had an address.
The number of addresses actually in use is much smaller than this, so it would actually take even more time to find an address that has bitcoins in it.
@_date: 2013-04-01 14:42:57
It's April 1st. Take anything you read with a pinch of salt.
@_date: 2013-04-30 10:48:37
There are also dedicated wallet devices being made that will be pretty cheap. Bitcoincard is perhaps the most promising one of those.
I expect it'll be cheap enough (in a few years, if not immediately) that many could afford to just distribute them to people for free.
@_date: 2013-11-14 10:36:26
Yes, that's the bribe they use to lure you into being their product.
@_date: 2013-12-05 18:33:27
When it's a mandatory fee, it's there due to antispam ruleset. Basically, if you try to move your money again very soon after receiving it, the fee is mandatory.
@_date: 2013-01-08 21:04:26
While that would probably work, There are better ways to keep offline wallets as well. Such as a paper wallet. you can generate and print one from  for example.
If you insist on electronic storage, I'd recommend a usb-stick over a hard drive. Also, don't use the bitcoin.org software for that wallet, it's a pain in the ass to use that way. Multibit,for example, would work better.
@_date: 2013-02-19 13:23:33
theoretically, the system used by 0.8 should be able to function just fine with just a few hundred of the newest blocks and the other data files. I do not know if this translates into it being safe to just delete blk0001.dat and blk0002.dat though.
If it's not supported, it's probably reasonably safe to modify to work that way. The official client does not support this mode due to fears that it might make it impossible to synchronize new nodes anymore if too many start making use of the feature.
@_date: 2013-02-03 01:41:00
If you had that, you could shift your resources towards a 51% attack anytime you chose.
@_date: 2013-12-13 13:48:26
This is true. But it's also true that if your bank balance does halve tomorrow, there's not much chance of it recovering from it.
With bitcoin ... well, it's like ping pong. $1000 -&gt; $500 -&gt; $1000 -&gt; ...
@_date: 2013-10-15 16:43:37
You know, the girl you dated was perfectly logical. You just misunderstood her premises ;)
Here's why:
"Loves progressive taxation" =&gt; "The rich should pay the taxes, not me!" =&gt; "She avoids paying taxes whenever she can."
Completely consistent, no?
@_date: 2013-03-24 10:44:30
It's unauthorized access to use the private key acquired this way. No different than if someone forgot their banking account and password on paper on their desk.
It is, however, difficult to prove exactly who did the unauthorized access when bitcoins are involved. I mean, there's no telling if you spotted the thief in act and then moved your own coins to a safe address and blamed the thief for it.
@_date: 2013-10-18 15:50:16
A core feature of the Bitcoin protocol is that all transactions are public. They're also not encrypted in any way. This means anyone can check if the rules are being followed. It follows from this that any hacks able to create more coins are detected immediately.
The only hacks that would be difficult to detect would be ones that steal other people's coins. This already happens to some extent due to people being lax about their personal security. So, it could easily get lost in the noise for quite a while if the hacker didn't overdo it.
@_date: 2013-03-14 12:57:52
By the way, for a regular user, one of the light wallets would give a much nicer user experience. The wallet from bitcoin.org will download all bitcoin transactions ever and verify they were all done according to the rules.
There are options, such as multibit, that don't go that far.
@_date: 2013-02-24 09:36:13
Sounds like you're trying to send the whole balance in your BitcoinSpinner wallet. It's trying to add the fee on top of that, which goes over the total balance.
Deduct the fee it wants from the amount you're sending and try again. It should then work.
@_date: 2013-01-27 10:12:59
The method you're using is called martingale betting. I suggest you read this article about it (and satoshidice) 
here's a tl;dr. "Don't use martingale, you'll lose all your money."
@_date: 2013-01-29 20:57:26
The pruned merkle tree optimization has not been applied so far because the devs feel it might reduce the number of nodes with full blockchain enough to make it impossible for a new node to verify the whole history at bootstrap.
This is an important feature because by doing full verification, the node can be certain it's on the right blockchain and has not been fed a false blockchain.
I haven't studied the exact implementation of merkle tree in Bitcoin, though, so I'll refrain from trying to explain that. If you're new to the concept of merkle tree altogether, I could perhaps try to explain the basics.
@_date: 2013-01-26 16:15:58
I suspect it's got something to do with the pool of over 2000 transactions that are waiting for confirmation even now. Out of coinbase's hands really. They even included a fee in the transaction.
@_date: 2013-11-15 19:32:43
This thing can be implemented on top of the current bitcoin protocol. Thus it will be. However, there's many ways to implement it.
If the implementation is left to people who don't care about privacy at all, it'll be worse than it has to be. This is why it makes sense that Mike's working on an implementation. He's seems to be trying to figure out how to implement it in a way that minimizes the problems it causes.
It's not something that can be prevented, so we should look into ways of doing it in a way that causes the least damage.
@_date: 2013-03-27 20:22:02
The wild swings will calm down as the size of the user/investor base grows.It's a bit early to say still, but just compare this price increase to the one that happened during 2011. The price increased 64x in 2 months. This time the price has only increased 7x so far and it's taken over 2 months to do it.
So, the price instability is weakening. There certainly is a correction coming in the future though. I'm curiously waiting to see how high the exchange rate goes before that.
@_date: 2013-02-19 08:42:03
Thank you for clarifying. Seems I got the specifics wrong, even though the general idea was in the right direction.
@_date: 2013-11-02 15:03:47
There is a metric for short term circulation though. Just sum all txouts that are less than X days old.
@_date: 2013-11-10 10:41:31
Yes, the network can then handle more light nodes in total.
@_date: 2013-02-16 19:49:52
If you didn't get my meaning, just remember that $5k per bitcoin is inevitable if there is to be even 1% global market penetration.
@_date: 2013-02-02 01:43:26
What I'd set out to do in this kind of a case would be to extract all the private keys from the most recent wallet copy and create a new wallet with just the keys, no transaction data. Then let it sync. That should then represent how things actually are (as long as the blockchain is synced)
Unfortunately, as I've never had to do this, I can't advise on how to get it done. (Could someone else help with that?)
@_date: 2013-02-26 09:19:28
First, let's not confuse blocks and bitcoin creation. Bitcoin creation does happen in blocks but the blocks won't stop being generated, they'll just generate less and less bitcoins as time goes by.
The amount of bitcoins created by each block in the beginning was 50 bitcoins. Approximately every four years (210,000 blocks), this amount will halve. Currently each block is generating 25 bitcoins and the next halving is due somewhere around November 2017.
This information allows us to calculate the maximum number of bitcoins. Each 4 years will generate 210,000 times the block reward amount of bitcoins.
This can be expressed as a calculation as follows:
The sum of the infinite geometric series within the parentheses will tend towards 100 as time passes, so the calculation becomes:
210000*100 = 21000000
The blocks themselves have a purpose other than creating bitcoins though. The blocks are the public transaction log for the Bitcoin-network. To be valid, a new block must follow the rules. Otherwise it'll just be ignored. This is what prevents a block from creating more than the preset amount.
@_date: 2013-01-26 10:39:04
Did you read what he wrote at all? He is obviously looking to use multiple data points. That's the point of his post here on reddit. He wants more data.
@_date: 2013-06-14 13:39:55
knowing they're called kanji requires a certain level of familiarity that can't be expected from someone who isn't familiar with the language.
@_date: 2013-03-14 12:55:43
Your computer crashed while it was synchronizing, so now it has to recheck that everything was synchronized correctly. It'll continue synchronizing after that.
@_date: 2013-03-10 19:50:53
As for the creator potentially owning up to 20%, sure that certainly is a possibility. I'm not personally worried about this for a number of reasons.
1) I don't think it's likely. It would have required signficant investment even in the beginning to mine that much. I don't think even he seriously believed Bitcoin would succeed half as well as it has.
2) Even if the creator has 20% and crashes the market with them, long term it makes little difference.
3) It makes no sense to dump them on the market fast enough to crash the prices, there's significantly more money to be made by selling them slowly.
4) He has to take the risk of revealing his identity if he does want to cash them all out at once.
There is no automatic update system. That's on purpose. If there was such a system, there's a danger someone could hijack it and abuse it. So, in short, updating is up to you.
There are, however, update systems for some of the third party wallets. For example the ones for android use google play's auto update system.
The development team operates out in the open. Anyone can join. It's an open source project, like Linux is. Anyone could make and release a modified version of Bitcoin and people have. However, those only matter if the users start using them in significant numbers.
If the original team went rogue, they'd be caught and others would assume the role.
@_date: 2013-03-25 00:33:34
considering the odds, it's likely the bitcoin system won't survive long enough for a collision to happen.
@_date: 2013-03-21 18:08:30
You're severely underestimating the number of people with bitcoins who have no interest in drugs.
@_date: 2013-02-14 19:39:57
In case it's compatible with google docs, you could upload it there, convert it to google format and then publicize it. People can then make a copy of it on google docs and use it with their browser.
@_date: 2013-07-29 12:43:34
The way you picked your passphrase is crucial here. Did you choose the words yourself or did you let a computer pick them completely by random? If you picked them yourself, then that's likely the problem. Human mind is very bad at choosing a good passphrase.
Even more so, was it long enough? It should be at least 8 words for good security. Optimally 11,
@_date: 2013-01-25 16:28:15
Incidentally, the exchange rate also is higher than it was in the beginning of the week. Just refrain from buying during a rally and it should be fine.
@_date: 2013-03-22 15:55:45
Certainly the same is possible with Bitcoins. However, the incentive structures and storage of bitcoins are quite different. Bitcoins are quite possible to store securely without needing to give control of them to someone else.
Even if you make use of other people in storing them, you can do it in a way with which no single other person can do anything to them.
So basically, my argument is that people will lack the incentive to give the goldsmith the chance to fractional reserve their coins.
Then again, fractional reserve in and of itself is not a problem either. If you can't make more of the reserve coins, it'll still give a reasonable upper bound on the number of coins in circulation. Having extremely low reserves is just not practical.
@_date: 2013-03-15 19:54:50
I like the overall message he's saying, the thing about "don't be a follower". I very much agree with that. I also completely agree that it's foolish to just go with greed all pumped up about the money you're going to make.
Unfortunately, he's completely misled about what Bitcoin is. He doesn't get that Bitcoin is way to use digital technology that gives people control over their own money rather than giving the powerful more control over the people.
So basically, he hasn't done the homework about Bitcoin that he's telling you to do.
@_date: 2013-02-15 00:34:10
I still don't know what reddit gold is good for but sure, one for me too :D
@_date: 2013-10-20 12:59:28
There's one possible way for this to happen even without bugs or actual random collisions. With default configuration, Bitcoin-QT creates a buffer of 100 addresses when the wallet is created.
When you request a new address, the address is taken from beginning of this buffer and a brand new address is added to end of the buffer. This makes it possible to take backups that don't need to be recreated every time you create a new address or send bitcoins.
The most likely reason this happened is thus that the wallet being used got copied at some point and one of the copies was used a year ago and the other copy is being used now.
@_date: 2013-11-03 17:46:07
That's pretty much how I've been handling every drop in price so far :P
@_date: 2013-01-26 16:52:09
This issue is similar but different in that many of the transactions I looked at do have fees. At least at the end of the chain.
@_date: 2013-01-25 01:17:21
I haven't looked at the specifics, so I can't say if the trigger was a $600k worth of a sell. However, when the price goes up from $13 to $19 in two weeks, most people start expecting a correction. So, when someone finally sold a bigger amount, it caused a domino effect that had many of those sell who'd been planning to.
In short. Market working as expected.
Edit: Oh right, about that $600k being enough to drop the price. Yes, the market isn't big enough yet to be able to handle $600k in one dump without a noticeable change in exchange rate.
@_date: 2013-02-24 09:22:55
There is nothing very effective that can be done to combat that.
@_date: 2013-02-16 16:45:33
If you actually provided some examples, it would be easier to tell what's going on. Transaction id for some of those would help a lot.
@_date: 2013-02-12 12:05:15
If you don't already have a dwolla account that's been verified to the level they require, it's going to take a month before you can use them to transfer funds to any bitcoin exchange.
@_date: 2013-02-12 09:35:41
I don't know if this is possible but I doubt it. Bitcoin was originally designed so you'd use a new address for each transaction. Thus, you can assign a tag for each address. What you want to do goes against the design principles.
I'd think presorting the transactions by giving the address to the right account would be less work. Why are you trying to avoid doing this?
@_date: 2013-02-16 19:17:18
Being left out is an imagined state of mind. Bitcoin can't help it.
@_date: 2013-01-26 10:31:34
They would be making many alternative money proponents _very_ rich by doing that. Also, then, if they dump all the coins at loss, many of these same people are going to buy them back at much cheaper.
Basically, to do what you suggest, would soon start causing some serious inflation in the real economy.
@_date: 2013-03-14 12:39:49
Frankly, I think the ripple credits are way overpriced already. That's why you won't see increase in the price. They're expensive only because there's a certain minimum value that needs to be transacted for most individuals to bother selling them and most people only have very small fractions of the entire supply.
@_date: 2013-03-29 21:20:42
Ripple is still in development, even though there's a beta going on. Once they publish the sources for the software it could start happening.
@_date: 2013-02-02 11:29:38
Bitcoin's effective interest rate is an automatically adjusting system. It's only positive and high if the Bitcoin economy is growing, as it is right now.
Now, let's assume the situation you speak of happens. Spending slows, the size of the economy might even shrink for a bit. This means the effective interest rate naturally adjusts to low values or even negative if it gets bad enough. 
Smart people will notice this and start spending their bitcoins to preserve their wealth and eventually an equilibirium is reached.
Problem solved, no?
The economic theory you're using as a basis for your argument is keynesian theory. There are two major economic theories in the world Keynesian (which is the one politically adopted) and Austrian. They differ quite drastically. Bitcoin economic model is no problem at all under Austrian theories.
Also, It's highly unlikely we'll ever have just a single currency in the world.
@_date: 2013-01-10 17:08:04
Mtgox is legally required to identify customers once the customer has done over a certain limit of business through them in total.
That being said, it'd be much easier to know what service to recommend if you revealed the country you live in. That pretty much defines which services are a good match.
@_date: 2013-10-18 15:31:58
No, you can't generate new coins at will. Not even if you have 51%+ of the hashrate. The non-mining nodes can and do check the rules too. They won't accept blocks that diverge from the spec.
The 21 million bitcoin limit is only changeable if the majority of bitcoin users agree. Miners alone are not sufficient.
@_date: 2013-07-15 21:41:50
No, that is precisely the part that is decided by the majority of users. A minority of miners is good enough if there's a majority of users behind the old chain.
All the miners provide is proof that transactions existed at a certain point in time. All users can use that proof to verify the blockchain.
Think about it, majority of miners mining a chain that no-one but they use. Who'd treat the coins in that chain as valuable?
@_date: 2013-02-01 00:58:24
The danger you're talking about has existed basically since the start of the Bitcoin network. The only way to permanently fix it is to make sure as many people as possible are mining with ASICs.
Now that we have ASICs, this should be the end of truly radical upheavals in mining. After this we'll only have incremental upgrades to the ASICs that should at most only double the power efficiency between generations.
@_date: 2013-12-16 11:24:05
You can't make a mistake like this unless you're using very low level developer tools. Like using the raw transaction RPC API in bitcoind.
Forgetting (or not knowing) to add a change output and thus spending your whole balance on miner fees is probably the most common mistake with the raw transaction api.
The raw transaction API is not meant for end users but rather for automated systems and scripts that serve the end user.
@_date: 2013-01-10 23:37:14
Ok, here's my take on the points he makes.
1. What he's saying makes sense, but it does not conflict with bitcoins being created by computers, because that is what, in practise, creates bitcoins. The only reason to handwave about this is if you believe computers are capable of acting under their own will, which is, at least for now, not possible.
   What you really want to do is to emphasize that there are real people behind bitcoin, not just computers.
2. Yes, saying "Bitcoins are sent directly to other people without someone in the middle" can be interpreted in a way that is incorrect if you look at things literally. That doesn't really matter though. It conveys the message that "you don't need to ask a third party for help to be able to send money". It is not misunderstandable in a way that would cause problems.
3. Here you're spot on. everything has prerequisites. I expect the writer of that sentence wanted to convey that you don't need a permission from a third party to use Bitcoin.
4. Bitcoins do get lost from time to time. That will slowly increase the value of remaining bitcoins even after Bitcoin has reached a stable market saturation level.
   That being said, it is unethical to advertise Bitcoin as a magic bullet to becoming rich. Anyone likely to jump on based on a claim like like this won't have the discipline required to refrain from doing stupid choices and losing their investment.
@_date: 2013-02-07 13:14:01
The electrum client is open source. There's just no way for it to become no longer accessible as long as there are people who want to keep it accessible. Every user has the source code since electrum is written in a scripting language called Python.
@_date: 2013-12-03 22:46:20
If you want to use shorter values and thus have less security, that's your loss. I'll try to illustrate with shorter example.
Consider this sentence:
"1955823432 is a value I consider to be mid-range and in risk zone. So I'd use somethin shorter like 98345."
The only thing I changed was the scale of the numbers. Think about which of those two numbers would you think would be easier to guess. Then think why that is. The same logic applies even if you multiply the number of digits.
@_date: 2013-01-26 12:37:46
there is some confirmation speed advantage, but that's about it.
Serious disadvantage, though. Botnets will likely remain a threat for litecoin, even if the resources invested in mining it increase to Bitcoin levels.
@_date: 2013-02-10 14:18:58
I don't think there's any single event that can be attributed for this. My personal guess is that over the past year, there are many who were interested but a bit too risk avoidant to buy coins. Now a critical mass of them has built up and since the price is going up, they're all thinking "crap, I missed the boat!" and trying to get in.
@_date: 2013-02-18 19:15:56
The site just needs facilitate all communication between the customer and the girl and forbid girls taking donations directly. Any girls caught doing so (they can monitor them since the communication is going through them) will be kicked off the site (perhaps after 2 or three transgressions).
The girls will cooperate because the site is helpful for finding customers.
@_date: 2013-01-19 10:37:10
I suspect Dwolla is going an extra mile for obvious bitcoin purchases due to identity thieves having used them in the past for converting stolen money to bitcoins.
Their request for your Social Security Number is likely there to test if it's really you who wants to do the transfer or if it's an identity thief posing as you.
@_date: 2013-10-30 13:18:50
Most people do not have the slightest idea how to begin doing what you are suggesting. The point is not if it's easy. The point is that it'd take them considerable amount of studying to trust that they're doing it right. With a device like this, that trust is the crucial thing.
TL;DR People will pay Trezor the extra bucks because they trust Trezor more than they trust themselves in getting it done right.
@_date: 2013-01-25 16:41:23
Amazingly similar shapes. I wonder if this is some kind of an echo from the past. Some people remembered the past drop, acted like it predicted the future and lo and behold, they made similar things happen.
If you look carefully, you can see that the scales as percentages are quite different. Last august, the low was 30% lower than the high. This time, the low was only 20% lower than the high.
This means there were less people acting this way than before. I think that's a good sign.
@_date: 2013-02-03 11:28:38
The strength of the volatility is a function of the number of traders on the market. No currency is entirely without volatility. As Bitcoin grows, the volatility will also be reduced.
Also, with Bitcoin there appears to be this effect that it gets the interest of a lot of people with very little experience at investing. I expect these people are mostly responsible for the volatility. As the percentage of new inexperienced traders in the market increases, the chances of a new bubble increase.
@_date: 2013-03-29 20:06:50
But seriously, a local wallet is the best answer. You can easily move it another IP address even if you do get DDoSed.
@_date: 2013-02-20 16:21:43
No way. We don't want to base the value of bitcoin on something that can be easily stolen by a government. Bad idea. Period.
@_date: 2013-01-16 19:57:18
difficulty is something that follows the network hashrate with a little delay. (I meant the network hashrate in my reply above).
No, the super rich thing won't happen because if it's super profitable to mine, more people will start mining and it'll stop being super profitable.
@_date: 2013-02-09 10:46:36
The biggest impact would be on mining. As long as the majority of mining power is on Earth, miners on Mars would be at a serious disadvantage.
However, regular usage would not be so badly hampered. Provided there is a stream of communication that transfers the blockchain between earth and mars. It'd just be a little slower to make and receive transactions.
For intergalactic distances of several light years the delays would be too much unless someone invents an instant communication device for any distance.
@_date: 2013-03-14 12:44:25
I think the single biggest sign that it's not a bubble is that there were 2 flash crashes only a couple of days apart, the price recovered and seems to be continuing up. Especially bullish is that the second flash crash was due to actual issues with the Bitcoin network itself.
Edit: (it's not bullish that there were issues, it's bullish that the exchange rate is still going up despite them)
@_date: 2013-09-04 19:47:07
There are 7508 periods of 70 minutes in a year. If you multiply that with the chance 7508*0.000335 ~= 2.5. So you'll see this happen 2-3 times a year. Rather rare but you're definitely going to see it happen again.
@_date: 2013-01-29 02:50:27
Ahm, no bitpay does the opposite of what op wants. Read the op more carefully.
@_date: 2013-01-29 02:45:48
Just someone with a lot of bitcoins in one input making many small transactions. Nothing exceptional, except the amount of coins the person has.
Anyone who has received a lot of bitcoins in one lump and then sending small amounts would look like this on the network.
@_date: 2013-02-16 22:05:33
bitcurex offers prepaid cards like this. 
One of my friends is using one and I hear it works great.
@_date: 2013-03-19 23:57:54
simple, you buy some of the existing bitcoins from someone else.
@_date: 2013-02-18 09:35:55
Well, true, there are rationales that are not included by automatic password crackers and thus won't be found. At least for now.
Hopefully your story will convince people that it's unwise to use rationales for choosing passphrases :)
@_date: 2013-03-23 20:00:43
Nothing unusual in a correction like this. Par for the course. Things don't just go up up up. They move in a ping pong fashion.
If you don't have a correction like this sometimes, people will stop buying because there's no tested support zone close by below. The point where the correction is reflected back upwards then becomes such a support.
Also, you're thinking about it the wrong way. The crucial number is not that it fell by $10. The crucial number is how many percent it fell. Since it fell from $75 to $62 (if you look at it now), the percentage is about 20%. Rather small of a correction, considering bitcoin has had corrections of above 50% in the past.
@_date: 2013-02-14 15:15:58
You missed the context. I was saying I'm just doing what I usually do.
@_date: 2013-12-10 13:27:55
wikipedia needs to be transferred onto a decentralized platform such that anyone can setup a server to add capacity to it easily. It just isn't fitting that there is a centralized point of control in a decentrally edited knowledge base.
Their refusal to accept bitcoin donations just underlines why this centralized part of wikipedia needs to be made history of.
We need a p2p network protocol that will take over from wikimedia foundation's centralized servers. So, here's the challenge. Someone needs to make this happen. Anyone feeling fed up enough to make it happen yet?
@_date: 2013-09-28 18:20:40
That's exactly how shared send is supposed to work. Specifically, your coins will be sent to someone else and someone else's coins will go to your friend.
@_date: 2013-02-21 18:00:10
Well, yes and no. People who have bought recently may be holding on to their coins but people who bought much longer ago are selling.
@_date: 2013-01-08 21:00:59
You could also use localbitcoins.com to find someone near you who is willing to buy them from you for cash.
@_date: 2013-01-27 10:09:35
I find floppies way too unreliable to trust them with my wallet. I haven't even had a floppy drive since a few years ago.
@_date: 2013-03-29 22:00:21
Why look for confirmations from others? The single best confirmation is to try it out. Install armory on another system and restore the backup. That will answer you better than anyone here could.
@_date: 2013-12-14 14:02:38
It's not exactly accurate that you can say blockchain.info holds the funds of their customers. Why? Simply because with blockchain.info, you can have a backup for your wallet that's still usable even if blockchain.info service disappears.
using blockchain.info is kind of like storing your wallet in a public place but encrypted so you can only access it if you have the password and know the nametag so you can tell which wallet the password is for.
blockchain.info is kind of a mix between centralized and decentralized.
@_date: 2013-01-10 16:43:05
the thing is, they didn't keep the payments in bitcoin. They used Bitpay's bitcoins to dollars service for the payments. So, no, they aren't getting rich from the difference.
@_date: 2013-03-16 11:27:39
People hate inflation because it means their money becomes worth less and less. Deflation is the opposite. It means the money becomes worth more. Boggles my mind that you'd hate something like that.
@_date: 2013-02-12 13:59:24
0.8 has quite some performance optimizations. it speeds the process by a factor of 10.
@_date: 2013-01-16 10:51:36
Assuming you did the calculations correctly, that simply means that hashrate increase won't stop at 10 times the current hashrate.
@_date: 2013-12-07 17:44:42
When you make a payment with a credit card, you give the merchant all the information needed to use that same credit card elsewhere.
When you pay with bitcoin, you don't need to worry about the danger of the merchant abusing your credit card information. Even though there is little monetary risk, It's a pain in the ass to have to go over the credit card transaction list every month. Especially if you do a lot of transactions.
TL;DR With bitcoin, you can just pay, you don't need to worry if you can trust the merchant to keep your credit card info safe.
@_date: 2013-02-03 17:18:39
I don't see the difficulty? print some bitcoin bills with  and carry them with you, empty of bitcoins.
When you come accross someone you want to give bitcoins to and they don't have a wallet, just take out one of the bills you printed, scan it's address with your phone wallet and send.
Then you just hand it over.
@_date: 2013-03-15 12:26:46
I hear some people with a bit more money see investing into them as a way of hedging their investment into Bitcoin. The same goes for other altcoins too. That's likely the reason all of their prices are going up at the moment.
@_date: 2013-02-10 08:52:30
Really random? Of course not, it wouldn't be repeatable if it was.
That being said, SHA256 is a cryptographic hash function. That means it's been designed so that while calculating the hash is easy and fast, doing the same in reverse is so extremely expensive that it's impossible in practise.
However, even SHA256 isn't of much use if the user writes something easily guessable (at a few billion tries) as the input. Someone likely already has a rainbow table of the one billion (or more ) most likely inputs.
The output of SHA256 is thus only as good random as what you give it as input.
@_date: 2013-01-27 21:51:28
No, ASICs will most likely only work for bitcoin mining itself. vanity address mining requires doing ECDSA, RIPEMD-160 and SHA256. Regular bitcoin mining uses only SHA256.
Edit: Oh, and SHA256 is much simpler to calculate than the required ECDSA calculations. so even if you could use an ASIC to accelerate the SHA256 part of vanity address mining, the speedup would be only a few percent.
@_date: 2013-01-10 00:54:56
I don't remember where it came up, but they will most definitely refund the dollar value. Afterall, that's what they were priced with in the first place.
Edit: No, I'm not requesting a refund myself.
@_date: 2013-04-20 10:53:18
That is not possible in this case. They have to do it one by one.
They're not cracking password hashes here. They're trying to decrypt encrypted data.
@_date: 2013-02-19 01:39:53
Bitcoin does support transactions without any fee at all. However, the delays in getting such transactions confirmed are growing lately.
The crucial thing to understand here is that when the fees are mandatory, they're mandatory as a result of the spam policy. The aim of the spam policy is to make it expensive to fill the blockchain with garbage.
The spam policy takes effect and requires a fee in three different situations. 1) If one of the outputs of the transaction is less than 0.0005, a fee of 0.0005 is required. 2) If one of the inputs is not old enough, a fee of 0.0005 is required 3) If the transaction size (in bytes) is bigger than 1kb, the fee required is 0.0005/kb.
So, to minimize your fees, in the same order as the above policies: 1) Don't send extremely small amounts 2) Let the coins age a bit before sending. The smaller the amounts you received, the more time is needed. 3) avoid receiving lots of transfers of much smaller amounts than you're likely to send out.
Edit: Looks like I got some things wrong. See Dooglus' reply to this message for the accurate information.
@_date: 2013-03-23 20:05:46
Single dollar changes stopped being meaningful above $20. What really matters is the percentage. increase from $10 to $11 is 10% increase. Increase from $50 to $51 is 2%.
the current slip is about as significant as a drop from $12 to $10 would've been.
@_date: 2013-03-22 16:02:06
I don't think they'd be stupid enough to do what you describe. By doing what you're describing, they could actually be doing Bitcoin a favor. If they did do what you described, they'd risk generating enough actual interest in Bitcoin that their dump, when it happens, would be easily swallowed by the market.
@_date: 2013-12-14 14:30:00
It's a gambling game with a twist. The way it works is clearly documented on the game site itself. Basically, if no-one buys it in 24 hours after you bought it, you lose the coins you paid, otherwise, you win.
@_date: 2013-03-24 10:50:45
There's an upper limit for the number of bitcoin addresses that can have bitcoins simultaneously. It's 21 * 10^14. In such a case, each address would have only one satoshi in it.
This number needs 51 bits to express. Thus, for each attempt at creating a new address, there is a 1 in 2^109 chance of a succesful collision at worst.
@_date: 2013-12-14 13:07:51
I don't think the crux of this issue is so much respecting bitcoin but rather respecting the wishes of the users who wish to have an easy way to convert bitcoin amounts to other currencies or vice versa.
@_date: 2013-03-13 15:00:54
If they've got enough power to 51% attack the network, then sure, they could doublespend all they like. However, at the same time, they'd be wasting their investment on the mining devices as just doing that a few times would almost certainly make bitcoin's price drop like a stone. It'd be much more profitable for them to cooperate.
Without at least 50% of the hashing power or extraordinary circumstances like during the chain fork, doing a double spend is close to impossible unless the target is accepting 0 confirmation transfers.
@_date: 2013-10-17 23:52:14
Passwords are usually hashed rather than encrypted because with passwords, because an encryption that the server itself can decrypt is completely useless. Makes no real difference over saving them in plaintext.
This is because if a hacker gets into the server and can access the database, he can most likely also access the decryption functions and use those to recover the passwords.
When the passwords are hashed, the hacker has to do it the hard way, brute force. This means only weak passwords can be broken.
@_date: 2013-02-02 23:10:52
Naturally, that is possible. That's one of the reasons it's so critical we get healthy competition in ASIC manufacturers and lots of ASICs in the hands of regular miners.
However, even miners' ability to do things with the system is limited. They just mint new coins and decide which transactions to include. You can read some thoughts on the matter here:
