@_author: jizzlobber58
@_date: 2014-09-24 03:15:42
The header of the sub explicitly admits they're sponsored by BFL. This shit is old news, but still rather funny.
@_date: 2014-02-18 00:01:07
Inflation premium is included in most risk premiums. Risk premium being the rate you must pay on top of what it would pay to purchase government dollar bonds. The effect, minus unforeseen inflationary changes, is neutral to both creditor and debtor. To that end, cash flow models involving accepted inflationary currency are well understood, and the math is pretty precise.
The problem, to amend my earlier statement, is then figuring out the right math to do on a deflationary Eurobitcoin bond regarding its real value as expressed in an inflationary currency. And, even there, the uncertainty of the exact amounts that the currency will deflate will ultimately create a less efficient and imprecise mechanism to record capital transactions. 
Who encourages companies to build up reserves of bitcoin? Owners of bitcoin? We are increasingly entering territory where customers are demanding companies to accept a currency which is incompatible with their capital management plans. Holding currency reserves is generally frowned upon in business as it represents an artificial limitation on working capital. The fiduciary responsibility of a board of directors to shareholders generally leads them to invest all working capital, except for current(liquid) assets needed to cover current liabilities (assuming they're competent). Even in the insurance industry where reserves are a statutory requirement, the reserves are used to invest in securities with a similar duration as the expected duration of the loss proceedings, over 60% of which are bonds denominated in various currencies. That's just how the economy and currencies work on the mainstream level, and if you can't support those activities there isn't much incentive for the capital market to participate in your movement. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 18:33:53
If I lost that many bitcoins, I'd stay silent let the price drop, and get someone to invest and buy up the cheap coins to restore what I lost. I wouldn't tell anybody about it, since if I got away with it nobody would be any wiser. That probably explains why the value on other exchanges recovered so quickly. 
@_date: 2014-06-07 15:46:16
If there's that kind of problem going on with the entity, why wouldn't the owner just liquidate it and start a new legal entity?
@_date: 2014-06-16 17:23:50
I don't think Pantera the band was referencing the original notion of a historical Pantera, they were likely invested in the 20th century theory that it was a play on the words for virgin and the sexually voracious panther to call Jesus the son of a whore. Goes with some of their down and out emotional issues directed at their parents within a Christian world.


Yes. I will likely be going out on an ambulance call later so I can do the Devil's work. In the meantime you might want to look up what has been one of the more hilarious controversies to come out of the early Christian period. If the operators of this fund are ignorant of it, that just makes it even more funny.
@_date: 2014-06-12 21:31:41
Buying enough hardware to be able to act independently in the market at a profit. I'm not talking about buying one of the second-hand mining rigs that customers get from the producers, and pointing it to a mining pool in the hopes you make a couple fractions of a bitcoin.
You have people out there building unassailable positions in terms of pure processing power, using start-up funds premised on pre-orders of machines that arrive late and obsolete. It appears to be one of the larger scams that is consistently reported in this subreddit, and to the objective eye it's the hallmark of a massive barrier to entry. 
@_date: 2014-02-17 07:32:40
For those few months I'll at least be able to get ample hookers and blow.
@_date: 2014-07-20 17:02:19
That's precisely the reason that depository institutions shouldn't be allowed to mix their books with investment banks. They generally don't have the same level of sophistication as the larger institutions, and are thus subject to making stupid moves like investing in MBS's in such a way to expose their customers to significant risks. I knew something was wrong a decade ago when I saw Wells Fargo Bank competing for commercial P&amp;C contracts with the legitimate insurance industry. 
The answer isn't necessarily pushing for less state regulations. The obvious solution is to roll back the clock a bit and start subjecting the huckster financial industry to more stringent oversight. This applies to bitcoin financiers as well since that entire class of people (finance) just doesn't look too good in my eyes any more. It reminds me of the reasons that traditional Chinese society shuns the merchant class as leeches on society.
@_date: 2014-07-03 04:44:54
California's own [analysis]( makes it look like an attempt to split the most prosperous portions of the state off from the non-prosperous portions. Silicon Valley will be the richest state in the nation, and Central California will be the poorest. "Specialized", maybe, but "equitable"? Not bloody likely.
Thankfully such a move requires Federal legislation.
@_date: 2014-07-20 08:38:05
Just try to go sell an insurance policy in NY state, bitcoin is getting off light. The state doesn't even allow some companies to account for assets the same way that others do: There are non-admitted assets and admitted asses, while expenses hit the books immediately and revenue only accrues on a pro-rata basis. The cost-basis of accounting goes out the window in favor of the liquidation method, leading to some very interesting capital arrangements between insurers and reinsurers to make sure the State doesn't start taking regulatory action.
At the foundation of this provision that everyone is up in arms about is that the US dollar is the currency of the American economy. If you want to be recognized as legitimate in the US economy, you have to play by the rules. Otherwise, don't incorporate under the laws of the United States, and don't advertise your wares to American citizens. 
@_date: 2014-07-01 16:08:21
Prophecies have a tendency to be wrong. The wealth mechanism of Bitcoin is pretty much antithetical to the aims of OPEC since it has already concentrated power in the hands of a few westerners. OPEC is more likely to make their own oil-coin, or, better yet, use the existing ledgers to support an international currency that's pegged to the currencies of the G-10 nations (similar to the way the price of oil was set after the Second Geneva Convention). Let's be honest, OPEC is already tired of "kicking themselves" to try to get a few financial scraps from their customers.
@_date: 2014-12-21 06:48:14
I do try to be impartial, I have a brother who's into crypto because he's a programmer and I really don't rag on him. I just can't agree with the monetization of this concept, at least not in the form of Bitcoin itself. Inflation is a necessary feature of the world, banks loaning out deposits has been fundamental for centuries. The blockchain will either conform to the way the economy has always worked, or it will be a forgotten internet fad.
@_date: 2014-12-04 21:06:29


Because 1933 happened?
@_date: 2014-10-29 12:03:55
I think most people appreciate the anonymity as it protects the reputations of innocent companies. Just being investigated by the SEC does not indicate a crime has occurred, but investors don't always see it that way. Would you rather Forbes or Bloomberg carry a large, highlighted list of every company that received a letter with the title "SEC investigates illegal securities offerings"? They're wearing their kid gloves.
@_date: 2014-06-20 06:24:45
Database Atomicity - So, all inputs go through or none go through? How is that any different than multisignature transactions? Are you giving a series of terms that are supposed to build upon one another, or are they independent? Elaborate, if you will.
@_date: 2014-12-22 05:43:04
The scrooges of the world always have living expenses, but they make more than that because they own the factories and productive assets of the world. The argument is that a deflationary currency exacerbates the wealth inequality that already exists by giving their superior savings ability a means of appreciating in value without having to be lent out to others to do productive work for the economy. 
An inflationary currency is just fine, and is quite superior in terms of usability and flexibility than a deflationary currency as long as you address the income gaps that exist in society. You're trying to stick a square peg into a round hole, and to the rest of us it comes across as a disingenuous method of pumping your own investments to the detriment of others who might actually believe that you can change the world in this fashion. 
@_date: 2014-06-17 22:06:03
Catering to trolls? The guy expressed a legitimate concern that most people have about this new protocol, along with the legitimate news stories upon which he based his assessment. If anybody considers themselves a professional in any fiduciary sense, they should feel compelled to warn you in a similar fashion. Maybe not use the shoebox terminology, but you can't expect people to walk on eggshells all the time. 
@_date: 2014-07-14 20:50:44
I wish I could find it, it works just as well for technophiles as it does for historians.
@_date: 2014-11-24 23:42:20
Hey man, [FNM]( is making a comeback. It's never too late.
@_date: 2014-02-24 23:21:12
Missed this one. If you're doing direct private offerings, what limit do you have on the number of shareholders? Does that affect preferred stock? 
@_date: 2014-11-24 22:46:29
Which will only be interpreted as a hidden fee by the consuming public unless y'all are up front about it.
@_date: 2014-12-21 08:55:23


Why do they need to generate an income in a deflationary environment? They could buy up every coin on the market, and every coin which gets produced until the inflation stops. Then they just sit pretty. If your only measure of wealth is a limited token that the powerful can allow to appreciate in value endlessly, they'll just live off that deflation without ever having to loan a single cent out to us plebs. They can even secure it with cryptography, and render your society useless if they would rather die than give up their private keys. 
The sad truth is that Bitcoin is a thinly veiled call for Communism, and nobody wants to admit it. The only way it will work is if you kill off the existing elite and reset the system on a more equitable level. Each gets out what they put in, right? 
@_date: 2014-06-27 00:21:03
For some reason I can only think of [Carlin](
@_date: 2014-06-28 06:09:23
So a kid starts boinking a sugar mama, tries to peddle cameras and is now an investment guru? I guess that's not the strangest thing I've seen around this place.
@_date: 2014-07-14 20:29:45
Well. I "get" the technology and the ideology, but I don't use it. As someone who "gets" it, my assumption is that someone using a term like Muggles wants to keep their little magical world a secret from the mainstream of humanity. It's somewhat contradictory. 
@_date: 2014-06-07 13:55:16
The laws only focus on solicitation. You're perfectly free to contact a business before they've gone public and attempt to buy some equity. If the guy who owns it likes you, he will sell you some of his property. 
@_date: 2014-11-25 03:08:41
Maybe change it up for coinbase and include their real fees? If there are real savings it will have its own merit. 
@_date: 2014-06-28 03:50:57
Gold is used because it's more abundant than platinum, and less abundant than silver. There are very few substances which don't significantly decompose/oxidize with age. With Gold, the user knows that it will remain unchanged regardless of what calamity befalls the world and society. Replaying this "simulation" won't change the science behind precious metals. 
Bitcoin, in contrast, would have been wiped out by the solar storm of 1859.
@_date: 2014-10-10 01:39:20
I used to live around there, that place is on the border of civilization and barbarism. Bitcoin seems to be their only claim to fame, and the linked article seems to be based on a [paid advertisement]( of the sort commonly used by shady pink-sheet startups.
@_date: 2014-12-21 08:04:46
Economic predictions are not a science, but economic growth and the mathematics behind it aren't really changeable. If you have 10 million people spending their money, and accepting amongst themselves that each subdivided unit has more value as more shit is produced, you run into problems of hoarding, and concentration of wealth in the hands of non-productive people. You can't just waive a magic wand and change human nature, or the simple laws of mathematics. I'm sorry, but we must agree to disagree. I don't want to work for the benefit of lazy people any more than I have to already......
@_date: 2014-06-29 03:06:56
I don't own any bitcoin. I'm more just chuckling at the circus sideshow.
@_date: 2014-07-14 20:27:02
What was the old quote? Spend too much time learning history and you will lose touch with the present? Passions have a way of getting ahead of reality.
@_date: 2014-07-02 02:50:10
"Rich" is a relative term for people who had to deal with inequitable oil concessions. They are the geopolitical labor versus the geopolitical industrialists in a Marxist historiographic worldview, sure, but I highly doubt you understand the significance of that.
@_date: 2014-09-10 20:48:44
Apparently.. It's listed as one of their patent-pending pieces of intellectual property in most of the registration statements I've seen. Sort of gives them a good means to manipulate the price when their unspecified fees are calculated. 
An even more fun exercise is to look up the Gold ETF's daily fees and apply it to the 200,000 bitcoins over the course of a year. If I recall my rudimentary math on it, they will make back more than 70% of the coins in a year based on fees alone. 
I will frankly laugh my ass off if this gets approved. I'm not quite sure other ETFs are priced by proprietary software that's controlled by the ETF sponsor. 
@_date: 2014-07-16 17:20:44
The SEC insiders will just buy the initial baskets off the Sponsor. The sponsor will sell off however many coins they want to get rid of before this thing even touches the exchanges.
@_date: 2014-11-25 03:21:15
The only problem being that Western Union delivers the value at the other end in the native currency of the receiver. To cite Western Union in an advertisement, you must be advertising a similar service.
@_date: 2014-09-10 04:31:09


If what I'm saying is valid, 20 days is a mightily short time for them to be disclosing anything. In the insurance world, New York disclosure time is 60 days, compared to the 30 days granted by most other states (some do 45, but they're the exception). NY is a scumhole of bureaucratic skullfuckery, truly the bane of existence, but violating the letter of the law is not something that's in their vocabulary. Just hold your horses.
@_date: 2014-12-22 19:16:58


Do they give money away for nothing? At best I could see selling a VC some preferred stock and screwing them over by inflating the amount I pay myself out of my corporation as a salary. But they either have preferred access to the dividends, or they exercise voting rights through common stock. 
I shouldn't have to beg and hope for some magnanimous person who would be willing to let me buy them out when I need financing. I don't want a mentor or a master, I just want access to capital that has a predictable cost which I can manage on my own. A master is a feudal lord who impinges in your ability to make your own decisions and master your own fate. 
There are plenty of VCs out there who don't know a damn thing, and have just gotten lucky on the ideas of others. In my mind it's no different than clueless rich people who just want to know they have a stable income stream from their capital. The VCs in this case are the ones who feel their capital should be making them more money than common interest, so are willing to take more risks from people who are desperate and doing something more risky than a conservative bank would be willing to underwrite. They play their role, but not everyone is trying to change the world, nor wants to risk losing their shirts on a business venture. 
I still retain the view that both debt and VC-sourced funding is slavery, but selling bonds is generally a lot cheaper than selling equity if your idea is good enough. The option always has to be there as it represents the most free economic model that's possible for entrepreneurs, and since I'm American I love freedom.
@_date: 2014-02-28 15:08:02
Creditors first, then preferred stockholders, then common stockholders. It's unregulated though, so where do customer deposits fall on the balance sheet? In insurance they would be counted on the liabilities sections as "unearned premium reserves". Under GAAP there isn't a provision for this, I don't believe. Looks like, no matter what, what remains after the creditors are satisfied will all go into owner's equity. 
@_date: 2014-12-02 02:07:56


What were the Sumerians? Fascist or socialists? Feel free to get rid of the state, there are plenty of feudalists out there who are just itching for the chance to either take what's yours, or enslave you into fealty. 
@_date: 2014-05-31 04:08:07
What country is this? In the US, there are financial ratios that are watched over by the regulatory agencies like a hawk. It used to annoy me to no end when banks would go into FDIC receivership and the Feds would force me to do extra work to make sure they were properly listed on the insurance contracts. Even when dealing with third world banks, we used to take on $5m excess of $10-15M for employee fidelity bonds through the London market. This wasn't focused on one region, we had bond paperwork for banks all across the developing world. Do you use reputable banks?
@_date: 2014-06-14 16:11:00


You are starting to catch on. The same exists when these central authorities define what your "address" actually means. Have fun stopping them.


How long can their rote-learning methodology keep them afloat? I hate to keep bringing up the oil industry, but how do you account for the sorry state of the Soviet Union when Operation Barbarossa started? Before the communist revolution, Russia was actually competing with the Standard Oil conglomerate internationally. When they kicked the Rothschilds and Nobels out, their technological capability lagged far behind, to the point where their best octane rating was 78, using distilled alcohol as an antiknock agent - and they could only supply a couple percent of the Red Air Force's needs. It was only through the altruism of the US who donated modern technology, and the British who contributed chemists to solve the problem of sulfur in Russian crude that the Soviet Union was able to come back from the brink - and, of course, the jet engine saved them by reducing military fuel requirements to the level of mere kerosene. 
Long story short, you should never assume that present day production figures are a representative of where the real economic growth engines reside. I give you the benefit of the doubt here, but you seem to make that doubt a very real thing.


Y'all seem pretty disturbed by this 51% thing. Core developer cashing out, bitcoin foundation posting a link to their ridiculous risk management publication in the past couple of days. I'm pretty sure it's a problem, but you just don't want to admit it here because it's sensitive to you. One day you will come to accept it and will be able to tell me how you really feel.


Not necessarily. My first lesson in finance was when the CEO of a major company forced his team to get rid of mortgage-backed derivatives because nobody could actually explain why it was a good investment. The resulting crisis forced a restructuring of the largest company in the industry, but mine was sitting pretty and paying out profit sharing to the lowly cubicle farmers. 


That's why I have the name. Gives people like you an easy out when you just can't fathom what I'm saying.
@_date: 2014-06-16 15:13:10
Whatever you say champ, but Pantera is a very specific term that comes down to us today in a very specific context. Personally I'd say it's much more likely they are going for the common Roman name, versus the translation of Panther. 
@_date: 2014-06-06 01:48:06
GDP is just an annual production figure that doesn't account for retained earnings. You would need to give up the vast majority of your holdings to the established wealthy free of cost if you ever want to see your satoshi reach those heights.
@_date: 2014-10-13 11:39:44


What does your business actually do, if you're so keen on hiding it from the government?
@_date: 2014-06-17 04:41:54
Yes, I saw that same libertarian defense against the term robber baron. However, Rockefeller was the embodiment of the term for everyone who didn't merge their equity in with his. Competition and free market were anathema to him, and his motto was to control both the price and the supply of a critical commodity. This is very good for society, but, it's good for reasons that people around here generally do not agree with publicly.
How is this type of unfettered capitalistic fervor any different than someone controlling all the bitcoin hash power to perform double spends? The Robber Baron ideal is that any business practice is acceptable as long as it gives you control of the destiny of a market. Standard oil became the trusted supplier for high-quality kerosene - but this bitcoin thing is supposed to be a trustless community where there is nobody who can claim the title of "Standard".
Who is the Rockefeller of the Bitcoin community? Don't give me any of this Satoshi crap since he/they are a non-entity these days. What centralized authority will you trust to take complete control of the legitimacy of bitcoin to make a profit for everyone? 
@_date: 2014-07-10 07:55:36
I thought that guy got popped in some central american country for killing a hooker in his hotel room? I guess I'm out of the loop on that one.
@_date: 2014-06-26 02:11:32
It's weird to see banking and insurance linked like that unless talking about state regulatory departments. All I can say is that it seems like there are more women in insurance than men, at least in the United States. The only deviation I found was in certain brokers in Brooklyn from ethnic groups which treat women like property. But that's just 'Murica, I guess. 
@_date: 2014-06-03 14:41:27
Yeah, so smaller classes of business that have more exposure to the moral hazard of having insurance. That brings up the good point that Great American probably better have non-ISO forms filed since the moral hazard for bitcoin exchange operators is quite high as it is. An exchange that has legitimate insurance coverage will be a bigger target for hackers, so unless the carrier protects themselves by changing that language, they might find themselves out on the hook for a lot. And, likewise, such coverage might not be that beneficial to exchange operators who would then be obligated to obtain a conviction before receiving indemnification.
It will really put the technology's money where its mouth is in terms of security. 
@_date: 2014-07-02 03:08:10
What would make OPEC want to do that? Why not just sell oil in Yuan so they can buy some of those awesome Chinese munitions?
@_date: 2014-12-14 13:01:47
Well, if you're Swiss I do apologize, but compared to the things that are said about other countries you should consider yourself lucky. And in a conversation about the merits of statism, your national pride can be seen as one of the small benefits of paying taxes. 
@_date: 2014-12-18 22:25:54
This makes me miss my PC Junior. If your only experience with the Ghostbusters game was on Nintendo, you missed out. If I recall correctly though, the main impediment to computer adoption was the price of the things. That doesn't quite seem to be the problem that Bitcoin is having today.
@_date: 2014-07-23 17:46:03
If I'm invited to another talk hosted by the NJ commissioner for banking and insurance, I'll be sure to make the suggestion that we adopt NY's stance. I already know of some former deputies of the department that throw the term Ponzi around. 
In short, go to CT. We already have enough dipshit New Yorkers who are oblivious of the rules of the road around here. 
@_date: 2014-02-28 15:44:14
Capital is like any other commodity, you have to pay for it. How do you pay for something which has no stable value? Have fun finding someone to sell you the use of their capital if you ever want to do something like create a business that makes any form of profit. It probably won't be impossible since a fool is easily parted from his money. But, the people who actually aren't fools and hold a lot of money won't fall for your trickery unless you can ensure a stable return on investment. So. You have to figure out a new form of math to be able to buy bitcoins to be used in business.
It's interesting to note that you immediately bring up the government. The government would at least steal less of my dollars than bitcoin exchanges do. Why is that? Regulated thievery is better than unregulated thievery, so I'll happily pay my taxes. And, hey, at least the government provides what's considered a risk-free investment in terms of treasury securities. 
But, if you're just after a barter commodity so you can buy smack on the deep web, go for it. Just don't pretend then that bitcoin has relevance to the legitimate economy. 
@_date: 2014-12-21 03:30:43
Bitcoin wants the world to burn in a misguided libertarian fantasy, the rest of the world just wants to cook popcorn and watch it blow up in their faces. 
@_date: 2014-09-10 04:00:23


That's because the NY Labor Board is really only concerned with workers' compensation and unemployment insurance. The workers who might be affected can land jobs in similar financial fields, minimizing their impact on the unemployment fund and negating the need for the DOL's services.
@_date: 2014-06-08 17:55:46
I think here the distinction is how many shareholders they already have. You can have a certain amount before you have to register, regardless (I've done this myself on a lark with a friend. We tried to get up to the registration level so we could make a penny stock that could be sold to the Chinese). Certain industries can go beyond those registration requirements under the exemption, and it's in those cases where entering the market is limited to the "accredited". That limitation, however, goes away when the entity adheres to public financial reporting laws by formally filing with the SEC.
That kind of brings up the whole thing though - if they don't want to publicly disclose their full financial statements, should the state allow people of lesser means who are enticed by a larger return on investment to be fleeced by non-transparent private corporations? I'm guessing that Madoff was a 506(c) offering, just as the example. 
Do such restrictions occur in the junk-bond market, I wonder? At least with bonds you have a legal recourse to company funds before the owners do. 
@_date: 2014-06-19 01:47:46
That means the number of actual investors is quite small, and someone is going to rape the market. I'm betting on the French arbitrage dude.
@_date: 2014-10-28 22:40:14
The court, when declining your case, said they have no jurisdiction over Benjamin Lawsky which is true. Anything Mr. Lawsky does is under the aegis of the State of New York, which is the only entity that judge has jurisdiction over. If you amended the entity you are deciding to sue, they wouldn't have included a blurb about jurisdiction.
This is an entirely separate issue than saying you don't have a tort. After you establish that the defendant has a legal duty to you, that they've breached it and it's the proximate cause of your damages. The fourth element of proving negligence (the basis of tort law) is "Actual Injury or Damage". The only way that will get listened to by a judge is if you go out and make investments into the industry before the regulations are proposed, allowing you to present an audited account of economic damages caused by the regulations once they've actually been implemented.
In the end, this issue will have nothing to do with classifying Bitcoin as a speech or religion. It's pretty clear that the government calls it a form of money, and any judge is likely to agree and declare the regulations constitutional.
@_date: 2014-07-12 03:06:53
Looks like they changed their sponsor fee structure. Last year it was an unspecified percentage of daily bitcoin totals held by the trust, now it's an annual percentage of the trust's dollar value with monthly coupon payments. I guess their faith in the long term value isn't as strong as it once was. 
Once approved, brokers and dealers will have to acquire 10,000 bitcoins to be able to resell 50,000 shares on whatever exchange they're trying to get registered on. The Sponsor will obviously be the source of most of these bitcoins, which will be off-exchange and thus not actually do anything to the price. The only mechanism by which this will increase the price is by increasing broker-dealer demand on low-liquidity exchanges, some of whom are actually listed in an SEC filing as being anonymous foreign companies with no definitive roots. Call me foolish, but I don't quite see how that will pass Federal scrutiny.
The best part is:
*The Trustee will terminate and liquidate the Trust if one of the following events occurs: ... The CFTC determines that the Trust is a commodity pool under the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (“CEA”), and the Trustee receives notice from the Sponsor that, because of that determination, termination of the Trust is advisable;*
If you're creating an ETF based on a basket consisting of a single item (Bitcoin) as measured on different exchanges - that's pretty much a commodity ETF. Once the sponsors sell out, and the correct determination is made based upon the structure of the trust - said trust will be selling off all the Winklevoss coins they've bought on the listed exchanges on a liquidation basis.
(edit: And, incidentally, I've never had a warning of phishing links from my browser until I've started looking at this bitcoin topic. WTF)
@_date: 2014-06-24 16:47:26
The beautiful part for the government is that you only need IT monkeys to run the process. The machines do all the work as long as you fund them and keep the nerds happy.
@_date: 2014-06-20 17:33:36
I had that problem trying to get my first credit card - just had to jump through a hoop and collateralize it with a savings account to supplement my lack of credit history. No major problem, really, since it doesn't take long to be legitimized in the eyes of the banking world and you get your collateral back.
@_date: 2014-11-24 22:35:55
So then, most times sending bitcoin costs 1-5% or more per transaction, not 1 cent.
@_date: 2014-06-07 04:17:28
"Banking class people"
I've never quite seen that one before. What does that entail?
@_date: 2014-09-19 21:35:44
Government forces things like recognition of unions, maximum daily hours, minimum age requirements, and all sorts of things which deprived the captains of industry their cheap, docile labor force. Sure, with government they get the same minimal property protection services, but with the Pinkertons they could achieve so much more.
@_date: 2014-11-24 23:27:47
You don't need to be a lawyer, you just need to be able to recognize that it's an apples to oranges comparison which will confuse old people, and is likely to be frowned upon.
@_date: 2014-06-03 13:23:10
I'd be curious to know what rates they will apply to this class of property. You know for damn sure they aren't accepting premium payments in bitcoin, some product development team just figures they might be able to take in more money in premium than scammers can steal from their clients. Should be an interesting actuarial experiment. 
@_date: 2014-12-22 07:24:38
Venture capitalists are the same breed of vulture as bankers though. If I have an idea I want to finance, which I think could actually set me up for the future, the last thing I want is some greedy Tim Draper douchebag demanding equity shares in my idea in exchange for financing. Instead create a hybrid where wealthy industrialists can be their own underwriters to determine who is worthy of loaning money to, and allow the small businessman to succeed without exacerbating wealth inequality. Of course, that's what banks in their ideologically pure form exist for - which is why you simply need to modify the regulations on the banks 
Your hatred of debt is probably your biggest problem here. Any classical economics education will show you that there are times where leverage is much more preferable to selling common stock if you believe in individual liberties. 
@_date: 2014-07-12 16:58:28
To be honest I've never owned any bitcoins before so thanks. Curiosity may lead me to see how long I can keep a small amount out of the hands of hackers, but first I'll have to get acclimated to the software practices.
@_date: 2014-09-19 20:33:56
Or, they would have just hired some Pinkertons like robber barons of old to take care of anybody who opposed their business plan.
@_date: 2014-06-20 16:49:23
I am looking for the appropriate definition of the term that could actually spare the loss of money. Valence or the total number of atoms in a molecule? No, doesn't sound right. The only thing that sounds right is Atomization of a database, which seems to be defined simply as:


So, a protection against the loss of funds is the ability to crash the system and orphan the block before it is completed? You will have to be more specific, lest I assume you're just making things up. And note that your technical answer will be cross checked against a database engineer if you're using database terms. 
@_date: 2014-07-15 04:40:18
I don't think I actually collected that tip, but it says it was so who knows? I appreciate the gesture but I'm not a fan of accepting gifts, so I bought some of those dogecoins off my brother for you.
+7000 doge
(edit: Oh wow, that was like 2 bucks a couple days ago when I bought them.)
@_date: 2014-06-28 22:58:18
He has a fiduciary responsibility to his customers to not reveal any information. It's a pretty standard agency relationship.
@_date: 2014-07-04 01:24:31
When you can't pull up information on an account that means it's shadowbanned, right? Seems legit.
@_date: 2014-06-19 03:37:57


So, we will have a system of arbitration that's mutually agreed upon. Probably need big, well-known institutions who can be trusted to be the arbitrators. Sort of like, banks?
@_date: 2014-02-28 15:18:59
If you want to pretend to be a legitimate currency, you have to play by the accepted rules of the capital market. No offense. And use your uber hacking skills to figure out a formula to convert compounding interest math into deflating bitcoin valuations too while your at it. You're the one trying to sell something, not the other way around. 
@_date: 2014-12-14 19:32:28
What was questionable about what I said? Granted, I'm a 'Murican who really only knows Switzerland from the stories of offshore funds and nazi gold. And the WWI black market trading that went on where the Germans could buy some coal in exchange for various things including optical glass. Does the nation have a domestic industry that can actually support their seemingly extravagant way of life? From where I sit they seem to be a nation of traders and bankers.
@_date: 2014-12-21 17:47:41


That's describing the mechanism of inflation, not deflation. As the economy grows, the value of each individual, scarce token must also rise to accurately represent the economy's increased buying power. A person who acquires ten percent of all the currency tokens in existence will always have ten percent of the buying power if they hoard, no matter how much the economy grows or contracts. If the economy grows, that 10% represents an ever larger piece of pie.
While others spend their bitcoin as a part of normal commerce, their overall bitcoin holdings will decrease because the currency is deflating.  If you have a 10% economic growth in one year, you divide a bitcoin by 1.1 to derive the same real value. You would do away with cost of living raises as you don't have inflation, so each year everyone's real wages would be divided again. Do you see where the math leads you in relation to the rich person who can actually save over a number of years?
You could argue that people will just buy stuff and thus have more "wealth" overall, but things have a way of depreciating, and each time you replace them you're just helping to divide the measure of your real income further, while Ebenezer Scrooge is just cackling away. 
At least that's how I see it. 
@_date: 2014-07-19 15:16:27
They should see the shit insurance companies have to do. Liability claims have decades-long duration, all relevant data must be discoverable. States have the power to force the companies to change their asset distributions if they don't meet state expectations, and in some cases can take outright control of the operation before the company even becomes insolvent. Bankers have more leeway than that.
@_date: 2014-09-20 03:28:32
Defending a host nation's property against anarchists or terrorists is quite different than "murdering the locals so oil companies can extract their profits". Host nations reached a 50-50 split in oil revenue by the 1950s independently of the US government (edit: except for Iran, where the US forced the British to give up 50% of the revenue to the Iranians in exchange for American help). With the advent of OPEC they've acquired an even larger share. Follow the history of Aramco's ownership, if you will.
@_date: 2014-06-13 19:19:26
You just gave examples as to why the elite isn't a monopoly, but acts more like an oligarchy. The elite actors who drive each of those policies will be the same actors who dominate bitcoin. Either that, or they will maliciously run bitcoin into the ground so each of them can manage their own competing blockchain. 
@_date: 2014-10-15 21:54:22
Of course, we can all talk about ourselves without having to reveal our identities. I assume if you're truly paranoid about something that you're using TOR, and otherwise they're probably already on to you by talking about tax evasion anyways, so no point in keeping us in the dark.
@_date: 2014-06-26 23:47:09
If the original price includes the costs of the transaction fees and the risk, why is anybody complaining? The only reason this is a problem is that this merchant hasn't done their own risk analysis to assess how much this kind of thing affects their overhead, and charges accordingly. This sub loves the phrase "due diligence", doesn't it?
In this light, Bitcoin merely sounds like an excuse for poor risk management techniques. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 05:27:42
Control of water supplies should be more centralized, rather than allowing separate corporate entities to leverage them for personal gain. Using water as an argument to decentralize the Californian economy is begging for the tragedy of the commons to bite you in the ass. There's a realistic reason that the Texas Railroad Commission was given de-facto control over the harvesting of oil resources in the United States - private individuals with profit motive aren't concerned with preservation of public resources.
And that's not even discussing the political ramifications of adding those 10 votes in the region towards the national governmental structure. I can't understand why someone would support this six-California idea unless they would personally profit from it, and it's sadly fitting that I learn about it in @_date: 2014-10-28 00:35:47
Which line of assets in the linked financial statements do you think represents gold they loaned out without owning? They're not buying treasury and NGO bonds with gold coins, and all other asset lines are drops in the bucket in comparison. The 11 billion in "gold certificates"  is explained on page 12 as being representative of Treasury-issued gold certificates backed by the 17 billion in Treasury gold in the vaults. Are they somehow stealing the gold off the books? 
@_date: 2014-06-17 14:48:38
You seem to have your notions of what went on backwards. Bitcoin, as it stands now if we're going to use the petroleum analogy, is going through the late 1860s growth phase of the Oil Regions, and might have hit that critical year of 1872. It's really a good mental exercise that I'd suggest everyone in this sub goes through on their own - read the first chapter of Ida Tarbell's [history]( on the topic and replace oil in your mind with bitcoin. You can read in the preface that it's based on conversation with the actual actors involved, many of whom were later quite angry given the backlash.
Some of the more interesting parts come after page 30, but I will actually quote starting at page 36:
*Nobody realised more fully what had been accomplished in the Oil Regions than the oil men themselves. Nobody rehearsed their achievements so loudly. "In ten years," they were fond of saying, "we have built this business up from nothing to a net product of six millions of barrels per annum. We have invented and devised all the apparatus, the appliances, the forms needed for a new industry. We use a capital of $200,000,000, and support a population of 60,000 people.... But what had been done was, in their judgment, only a beginning. Life ran swift and ruddy and joyous in these men. They were still young, most of them under forty, and they looked forward with all the eagerness of the young who have just learned their powers, to years of struggle and development. They would solve all these perplexing problems of overproduction, of railroad discrimination, of speculation. They would meet their own needs. They would bring the oil refining to the region where it belonged. They would make their towns the most beautiful in the world. There was nothing too good for them, nothing they did not hope and dare. But suddenly, at the very heyday of this confidence, a big hand reached out from nobody knew where, to steal their conquest and throttle their future. The suddenness and the blackness of the assault on their business stirred to the bottom their manhood and all their sense of fair play, and the whole region arose in a revolt which is scarcely paralleled in the commercial history of the United States.*
And what was that dark evil that came from nobody knew where? It was a secret trust formed by Rockefeller with the specific intention to force the Libertarian dream to be subservient to the evils of centralized control. They hid themselves behind front corporations, but all control resided in the board of directors of the Standard Oil Trust. One didn't know who was a legitimate and honest competitor, and who was out to get you. Suspicion and fear was rife, and fortunes were lost. 
As I said, what Standard Oil did was great for the nation. But, to those intrepid early adopters who lost everything he wasn't such a great guy.  It seems that the last thing that the bitcoin community will want right now is for the petroleum industry prophecy to play true if they're all concerned about centralizing mining pools. Whitewashing the history is just ignoring the facts here.
@_date: 2014-12-21 03:40:44
Being the noisiest bunch, they really become your spokesmen. It's guilt by association until you learn how to police the community, otherwise it will never be anything more than a political joke. 
@_date: 2014-06-20 06:18:27
Where the funds in dispute actually reside isn't quite the point of arbitration. Most real world cases I've seen involve unsettled claim disputes where the deposits merely represent liability entries that offset a portion of a bond portfolio in the asset column - but the decision of that arbitration is legally binding - so for all intents and purposes those arbitrators hold exclusive control over the funds. The only time when the actual possession of the funds is important is when it comes to who earns the interest.
The only way arbitration ever works in the real world is when both sides to a conflict each choose a trusted arbitrator, and those arbitrators agree on a third party to allow for a majority decision. That would automatically give them 3/5 of the keys, making them the escrow. Otherwise the potential for conflicts of interest and coercion casts doubts on the effectiveness of the process.
@_date: 2014-07-24 00:28:04
You have a long way to go if you think gentrification will work in Hudson County. In terms of politics and corruption, that place is the Chicago of the east coast. Probably fitting for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-11-30 23:26:12
That is half the battle of running a business though. In this case you might have legal grounds to dispute the chargeback as the relevant institutions did not do their due diligence of maintaining the records that are relevant to their decision. However, in the end it's best to keep your own files in the old-timey fashion of paper and filing cabinets so they can be admitted as evidence in any potential hearing against ebay or paypal.
@_date: 2014-06-13 21:49:46
But look at your net result. The same state actors who are in control of the global economy will still be in control of the economy. It just becomes a more expensive layer to the economic competition between the different players in the global oligarchy and leaves everyone in the same place. 


This isn't quite as true as you would believe. China recognized ever since the time of Li Hongzhang that they would only be able to compete with the west when they developed the machines which build the lesser machines used in the economy. If you read his treatise on Self Strengthening it's really quite illuminating. They've been trying to match the big producers of heavy industrial equipment for well over a hundred years, and have largely failed to do so. They build cheap electronics or plastic crap using machinery they buy from the West. They face a Damoclean sword of industrial obsolescence if the West chooses to cut them off.
As it was taught to me by a regarded Asian History professor, China has a problem of mere rote learning without truly mastering the technologies or tactics they are memorizing. Such was why Li Hongzhang's early movement failed to save the ~~Manchu~~Qing dynasty. This is a problem you can see in the subsequent history of the country, and I see no compelling reason to assume they are any better off these days. They're in a similar position to the old Soviet Union, relying on hand-me-down technology from those who innovate. 
And, why is it so hard to envision someone gaining the 51% share of power if that's what's already happening with this Ghash thing? 
@_date: 2014-06-12 17:46:41


Yes, I do believe that's what I was referring to. However, how do you define the community, if not the miners choosing which version of bitcoin to mine, with the majority of hashing power winning? As for going somewhere else, yes, I do mean alt coins which are currently the haven of older mining rigs and hobbyists who use CPUs. 


I don't see any reduction in their power. If they control the resources to mine blocks, they control the transaction fees needed to recognize the commercial activity of the bitcoin economy. You have to have some arbitrary method of reducing the amount of fees they take in while the currency deflates to actually check their power, and short of consensus on the true growth of the economy in relation to the real value of a bitcoin you're never going to achieve that goal. The rich will always get richer.
@_date: 2014-06-14 15:36:44


Economies of scale and barriers to entry. Nobody can keep you out of anything as long as you have the existing wealth to compete. The existing wealthy can always out-compete you if they so desire unless you have a way to discriminate against them in a free market. 


Which theory of the foundation of civilization do you subscribe to? How is it anything other than hunter gatherers coming together to protect the resources they own from outside attack? Decentralization is feudalism in a free market, and the only reason you're not a peasant is because of the rights bestowed on you by a more centralized authority. If you don't have those rights, you have to go to a lesser authority for rights, or be prepared to fight bands of marauders to protect your home and family. Thanks, but no thanks. My rights are universal, not agreed to on the whim of some local strong man - and I will fight for that distinction as any red-blooded American should.  


It's only by choice that non-strategic industries are allowed to offshore themselves. I like to look at it more in light of the 1970s clean air initiatives, and how they succeeded by sending dirty industry to China where it has poisoned the air and soil. As soon as hashrate becomes the arbitrator of the reserve currency that you want, you can bet your ass that deliveries of the capital needed to produce chips will be halted and hoarded - which is where the obsolescence risk for China comes into play. 


How do you control a decentralized and anonymous computer program if you have malicious actors who want to throw more hardware at the problem than you can afford? Without major revisions to the protocol, you run into this same problem with any hard fork or altcoin you can hope for. Controlling most of the mining power in any given coin gives you the ability to block all transactions but the ones which make you the money you feel, as an elite, that you're entitled to.


My point exactly. If I can't see how this is an adaptable investment for an industry which represents a large percentage of the capital market, why would I tell any of my elders anything positive about the protocol? I finally sent a link to this forum to one of the guys who controls a majority of my State's risk management funding pool and I can't wait to see his reaction. 
@_date: 2014-07-25 05:30:35


There's a single Asian woman who doesn't seem to say much. The more enlightening part is at around the 5 minute mark when the one guy rips into the other saying "Come on, why do they say no then?". Made me chuckle.
@_date: 2014-12-14 12:42:11
Why not? Nobody ever talks smack about the Swiss.. I'm sure they can take it and console themselves with all that nazi jew gold they have hidden under the mattress. 
@_date: 2014-07-02 03:29:38
That's the amusing part about the whole "petrodollar" argument. During the time when there were supposedly secret agreements mandating these countries accept dollars, their negotiators are on camera in documentaries saying they were just trying to make more dollars per barrel of oil because they needed the money. Their accounts-current quickly went into deficits after the initial glut that the conspiracy theorists point to as the basis for a non-existent secret agreement. 
You incredulously brought up the Marxist viewpoint to denigrate this information, but you didn't think about how the oligarchs felt about themselves. The Sheikhs were/are the benighted poor in the globalized energy market.
@_date: 2014-06-15 12:53:27
@_date: 2014-06-13 21:04:32
Which will suffer from the same concentration of power if the incentive to keep buying electricity to keep the protocol going is either new coins, or mining fees. This is just a reality of your quest to create a new global reserve currency. You can shy away from the fight all you want, but you can't get around the fact that you will have some serious heavyweights swinging for you and I haven't seen any proper defense strategy coming out of the crypto-currency marketplace. 
@_date: 2014-08-21 03:59:36
Not quite [farmers]( They have chickens on their 12-acre flower farm. Smells like hippies.
@_date: 2014-12-21 08:34:24
The wealth effect is a psychological concept that applies to the middle and lower classes, not the criminal cabal of bankers who already have everything they want, whom you seem to dislike. Enjoy your ride, just don't invest more than you can lose, please. 
@_date: 2014-06-12 20:50:46
I can concede on your first two points, but I think that last point is incredibly optimistic. Mining already exists as an oligopoly with extensive barriers to entry which will only get worse in the future. I don't see the bitcoin community getting on board with applying the Sherman Anti-Trust laws to bitcoin, so, Free Market. 
@_date: 2014-06-29 00:58:36
It's a form of gambling for people who don't gamble (like myself). I feel I have a good understanding of how things work in the world, and Bitcoin people tell me they're going to disrupt it. Their money's on the table, and I can't look away as the wheel spins.
@_date: 2014-02-17 22:26:11
If you can't use a currency as a basis for debt instruments, what value does the currency have? Companies which accept bitcoin as payment will immediately convert the value into a currency that can be used to service their own debts, and it's unlikely that their shareholders will accept dividends in bitcoins as those shareholders are often other companies with their own debt concerns. Until you can integrate a bitcoin into the capital market, it will remain simply a novelty for speculative investors.
@_date: 2014-07-20 08:21:32
Judging by his username, he should be the one linking that gif.
@_date: 2014-08-06 14:13:29
I'd say they would be a good target. A bunch of rednecks who think a secret muslim is going to destroy 'Murica, and horde guns/gold. You can bet they hate slick-talking yankee bankers just as much as people in this sub do.
@_date: 2014-06-17 21:44:28
It might have been intentional due to OP's confusion over the proper spelling of Their.
@_date: 2014-06-18 00:17:30
You've never been in an office environment and heard someone get frustrated with a broker who doesn't do their job? This email is tame in comparison to the shit I've heard professionals spew. 
@_date: 2014-10-04 14:54:02
I understood that comment and was tempted to give a standard statist response about respecting your fellow citizens, but instead I figured there might be profit potential here.
@_date: 2014-05-27 17:09:59
Because there's no functional difference between the corporate and government bond markets? They are contractual debt obligations that pay predictable interest rates as a form of capital rental fee. Unlike some nebulous ponzi scheme where you buy shares of common stock and suddenly find their value drop to zero after the secondary market realizes that the reported dividends don't actually come from any profitable activity other than taking in money. Bitcoin is on the primary market phase, where the producers of the securities are the ones initially selling them - with a small secondary market being built up between the investors themselves. There's a certain amount of market depth that just isn't there to avoid the appearance of a ponzi scheme. 
Bonds are legally enforceable debt instruments that receive precedent over equity. You pay the government $100, and you will receive that amount plus interest regardless. If cash matching using various duration bond issues starts to break down with the government, it will first manifest itself in the 30-year notes. That's plenty of time to sacrifice some golden calves of social spending and redirect tax dollars into more lucrative forms of government spending. 
Nobody denies that the bonds will be paid off, everyone just recognizes that it will be painful from a standpoint of government spending. The legal protection afforded by the tax payer is much more security than you could ever dream for in an anonymous internet currency. 
And then, there is the quite predictable rate of inflation growth which matches pretty well with the risk free return rate. Bond holders generally get the same value out that they put in, adjusted for inflation. The value is due to a known component of supply - contrary to your 21 million remark, from I've read plenty of coins are considered missing and/or destroyed. With no way to truly verify, we are just shit out of luck in knowing how scarce each coin really is, and thus, what their true value is. The value is just what you assign to it, based on your expectations of future profits that may or may not ever materialize. 
@_date: 2014-03-09 05:57:17
They obviously have to abide by federal regulations on how much they invest to ensure they maintain their solvency, but no matter what their ability to loan money is dependent upon how many deposits they have, and whatever retained earnings they've managed to keep. 
What's with this "fractional" word everyone throws around on this particular subreddit? The key word should be "reserves". The more money the bank has taken in from customers, the more they can lend, and the more they can realistically make by charging risk premium on capital. But, as always, there's a minimum reserve of owner's equity which must be kept on hand for each dollar of loans, just in case. Assuming the feds apply the same financial standards to banking as they do to the insurance industry. 
@_date: 2014-07-10 05:33:13
It might just be scaremongering since Ajeel is listed as producing less than 30k barrels per day. They're cut off from the main exportation routes, so that crude oil isn't doing them much good unless they can transport it to Syria and include it in the logistical infrastructure through which they sell oil to Assad's regime. 
@_date: 2014-11-25 02:42:36
Then why does the parody ad(d) claim that I can send any amount of USD anywhere with Bitcoin for only one of my American issued pennies?
@_date: 2014-06-13 14:42:50


There's nothing more delusional than thinking a flawed protocol will become the world reserve currency. I've seen this claim many times about bitcoin, then I read threads like [this]( from this community and have to wonder where the optimism comes from. 
You seem to be confused as to what the deflationary nature of bitcoin in this scenario of yours means. The elite can simply inflate their wealth by not deflating their fees. That is price inflation, even if you don't have associated monetary inflation. And you won't be able to wave a magic wand and expect the free market to save you, those with the incentive to hold economic power will flood whatever democratic network you try to flee to, using the 1 computer, 1 vote principle. 


That's the least difficult part of the process for a motivated and well-capitalized actor. You can't analogize it to Intel trying to do scientific work, it's more the equivalent of just installing the machines into their existing data centers, installing the bitcoin protocol, and paying some IT monkey to tend to the flock. There is no unique work (Research) that any individual miner does, they just tend to a machine.
This should be easy to understand.
@_date: 2014-07-02 02:27:42
It produces such a one-sided benefit that you can't honestly expect an OPEC nation to play ball. Therein lies the absurdity of this entire thread. OPEC is trying to equalize the distribution of global wealth, not pander to Western speculators who already have a lopsided distribution of wealth in their pet bitcoin project. If the brain fart this article is describing comes to pass it will justify decades of colonialism. 
@_date: 2014-10-28 15:06:57
They shouldn't be reporting their custodial holdings though, that's nobody's business except the owners of the gold. It would be the equivalent of banks being forced to publish an audit of every item held in their safety deposit boxes. Each depositor knows what bars were put into the vault, and knows the security procedures that goes along with that. Presumably the depositors are the ones who control the auditors' seals that lock each cage as well. 
Regarding the running joke about the German gold, if the Germans aren't concerned about it then I wouldn't put too much faith in the likes of zerohedge or my crazy conspiracy theorist friend. They have to charter a transatlantic flight for each ton of gold and recast them. That could easily account for the slow pace, especially where government agencies are concerned. Beyond that, you couldn't hide 257 billion worth of depositor gold in the Feds financial statements, which reports also clearly indicate that the Fed, if anything, is manipulating the gold of the US Treasury with all those negotiable gold notes they've nabbed for themselves (which is entirely legal).
@_date: 2014-09-14 16:00:40


Are they federal troops or something? And no, even if they're federal troops, if they're enforcing an act of congress or upholding the President's powers to manage public lands, it's not a violation of Posse Comitatus. Where do you see a violation of the Act?
@_date: 2014-06-18 00:20:19
I'd say it's a legitimate concern. I just got stuck in a thread where bitcoiners compared this market to the early petroleum market - with a bunch of libertarians telling me I'm an idiot for pointing out that you have a Rockefeller who's ready to come in and dominate. He's expressing current concerns, and concerns that you people need to fix for yourselves before you think you will have a good reception when proselytizing this bitcoin thing further.
@_date: 2014-06-03 13:20:28
*"Unlawful taking is an act that is not authorized by law or is a violation of a civil or criminal law. A common misconception about the definition of employee theft is that proof of unlawful taking requires that the employee be convicted of a crime. In reality, the ISO forms do not even require that employee theft claims be reported to the police. The act must be unlawful, but the proof does not have to meet the standards needed to obtain a criminal conviction"*
@_date: 2014-02-25 22:12:20
As soon as someone wins a lawsuit and a company has to pay out to cover for a loss like this, I'm sure it will. It will probably start with Lloyd's of London since they usually have the standard forms for international banking crime policies (ie, emerging market banking, which would probably be the most appropriate classification of a bitcoin financial institution). On the Lloyd's exchange, the liability is usually split between a large number of insurance companies to spread the risk and make sure there is adequate capacity for such high limits under the various statutory accounting regimes applied to insurance.
The only problem is that there will definitely need to be some regulation of the industry itself. Insurers and their investors are usually loathe to cover risks unless there is some form of risk control mechanism at play. And anything involving insurance involves the public interest, which is why it is probably the most heavily regulated market out there. 
For example most other firms submit their valuations to the SEC as if they are going concerns, all assets valued at the cost they paid for it. Insurance has to be valued for liquidation in the event of insolvency. Dividends are limited by capital limitations and generally must be approved by the state, as the equity they represent is needed in a 1 to 3 ratio to cover written premiums. When bankruptcy comes into play, other insurers in the state marketplace have to chip in and help cover losses, which is repaid by the state by a mandated premium surcharge over a number of years. The cost of all insurance goes up a bit, but nobody comes out the loser. Under normal bankruptcy it's a crapshoot, with creditors having first dibs of the remaining assets, followed by the preferred then common stockholders - and no provision for the customers.
@_date: 2014-07-01 13:57:06
Just look at Standard Oil of California's attempts to pay Saudi Arabia with gold back in the 1950s. Ain't going to happen.
@_date: 2014-06-13 15:07:13


I am assuming the elite is an oligopoly, which will move itself into the bitcoin protocol. Imagine central banks realizing that they can pool up and control the new protocol how they see fit. If it's going to be the world's reserve currency in your vision, there's really no way you could stop them. They can always command economies of scale and outbid you for the same state of the art gear that's supposedly so easy to purchase.


Do these companies build mining GPUs? For me the answer to your question is more telling than you're letting on. They would need to believe the hype to actually be interested in mining.
@_date: 2014-11-25 00:26:43


Western Union is selling you space on their distributed ledger, and are allowing you send that investment anywhere worldwide for a fee, which depends on their local cost of doing business. Bitcoin IS the distributed ledger, it's not the coinbase or whatever company is currently in vogue that sells access to the ledger. You can't honestly compare the two.
@_date: 2014-06-13 20:46:22
The refining figure is really representative of the production of crude oil from the ground. The loss in market share was due to emerging markets, with new oil wells being drilled in the Midwest and California. New sources of oil were found quicker than Standard could buy them up, and certain states like Texas were home to people who would naturally not sell. If you fast forward your history analysis to the 1930s, those independent yokels oversaturated the market with crude oil and nearly led to the price to collapse to zero. This led to a legalized oligopoly in the form of the Texas Railroad Commission which was given the power to enforce quotas on independent oil producers. In the end, the elites still won.
With oil, the "free market" at least had an outlet in that new oil wells could be discovered. With bitcoin, where is that outlet? 
@_date: 2014-08-07 12:31:22
The article implies that they quarried the limestone discs because the limestone was beautiful to them. That perceived beauty gave value to the discs for large unusual, or ceremonial trades. I would suspect that most other daily commercial activity was done in a traditional barter manner with produce and trade goods. 
I just hope this common era example wasn't the inspiration for a video claiming that similar systems were prevalent in much earlier hunter/gatherer groups elsewhere.
@_date: 2014-07-10 08:01:18


Seriously, B and W are quite far apart on the keyboard. WTF?
@_date: 2014-06-14 01:06:02


The only way the elite can control the system is through the mathematics of scale. This is the high barrier to entry that exists in most marketplaces, and it's the highest in the currency market. Going back to the petroleum argument, you can only break this cycle if you find another major source of wealth that can balance out the relative percentages of current ownership. You simply cannot use infrastructure that exists in one system to subvert that system on a whim unless the people who control that original infrastructure suddenly die off and have no say in the matter.


That runs in the face of 10,000 years of human history. Which hypothesis of the foundation of civilization do you subscribe to here?


Standard Oil is the biggest one - since you didn't account for the creation of new oil-bitcoins by simply mining them out of the ground using ASIC hardware that wasn't associated with the main block chain. You defended your point by stating "Altcoins", without recognizing that this argument is about Bitcoin as a new world reserve currency - Oil is fungible, atlcoins are not. The other fallacy is China, where you don't account for the fact that China's technological relevance can be easily eclipsed in a trade war. 


So, due to labor laws and environmental concerns, the United States is going to allow China to eclipse them in control of the world's reserve currency? *already happening* - you missed my point about outsourcing low-level industrial jobs to China while the west keeps the relevant productive industry to themselves? 


Yet the bitcoin page currently shows a plea from someone who invested six figures into mining hardware explaining the economic inventive for him to use Ghash? On the brute economic level of it, the miners appear to be operating on hair-thin margins as it is while they're able to harvest new bitcoins.


Have you looked at the source code involved in mining at Ghash? My understanding is that these are not open-source codes, so nobody really has any idea what they're up to. The only thing you have is speculation that no miner would defraud the network out of self interest, which is a dubious claim at best.


But, this is the anonymous money of the internet, with no regulations. What else can you use to judge it other than the comments people make on an anonymous internet forum? These are the people I have to trust, in a supposedly trustless economic environment, to make sure that I won't do something stupid as the fiduciary manager of peoples' money...
@_date: 2014-11-30 23:10:38
Wouldn't you keep all receipts and documentation so you can file an itemized deduction schedule with the IRS?
@_date: 2014-09-09 22:36:23


That somewhat depends. The ETF as it's filed on Edgar only has room for 200,000 total bitcoins, which will be represented by 1,000,000 ETF shares. "Authorized Participants" may deposit baskets of 10,000 bitcoins into the ETF in exchange for 50,000 shares which will then be sold on the broker-dealer market. The only way bitcoins will be removed from the trust is if an institutional investor acquires 50,000 shares that can be redeemed for 10,000 bitcoins - but since that represents 5% of the proposed issue of stock that's unlikely. The coins will essentially be in cold storage.
Really, all the ETF does is allow the creators to sell as many of their own bitcoins as they want at market value without tanking the price, and the remainder is up to the institutional investors to procure themselves - either through quiet negotiation with whales who are willing to sell, or by outright purchase on an exchange which will affect the price.
Any price boost will be limited to the small percentage of that 200,000 coins which will be purchased on the open market. Otherwise the ETF will just be a secondary market trading mechanism that's entirely independent of the wider bitcoin market. 
Edit: The scary part of the filing is: *The Sponsor’s Fee is [     percent] of the daily net assets of the Trust and will accrue daily in US Dollars and will be payable “in kind” (in bitcoins) monthly in arrears. To pay the Sponsor’s Fee, as soon as practicable after the completion of any calendar month, the Trust will calculate, using the Winkdex spot price on such calculation day, the number of bitcoins required to pay the outstanding Sponsor’s Fee and transfer such bitcoins from the Trust Custody Account to an account maintained by the Trustee for the Sponsor (“Sponsor Custody Account”).*
So, even if an institutional investor acquires 50,000 shares to redeem 10,000 bitcoins, they won't get 10,000 bitcoins because the twins will be leeching a daily percentage of those coins on a monthly basis. It gives them incentives to sell all of their coins as they will receive them back over time, minimizing the potential for the ETF to affect the market price.
@_date: 2014-10-14 20:14:38
You're already on a social platform asking how to perform tax evasion and hide your business from the government, what else could you be worried about?
@_date: 2014-06-17 21:47:41
A professional knows their business, and is willing to educate the public in any way they can. Nothing about the response was unprofessional. Poor customer service, perhaps, but the writer wasn't necessarily dealing with a real customer now were they? A customer who tries to deviate from the normally accepted mediums of commerce becomes a solicitor and a haggler.
@_date: 2014-07-03 12:43:30
If Elinor Olstrom had been born in East Texas instead of California, she would have been singing an entirely different tune. It's nice that she believes on an academic level that decentralized resource management works, but on a practical level she is pretty damned ignorant of what happened in her birth year. California is already sliding into the tragedy of the commons in terms of water as there is no law limiting the volume that farmers can pump out of the aquifer through wells - adding another corporate layer to the regulatory environment is not going to magically fix that. Your proposal would probably lead to the literal death of entire regions, a death which might possibly be avoided if California can get off its ass and pass some appropriate legislation.


The proposal is asking the nation to accept a 20% increase in the number of Senate seats, all of which would be occupied by Californians.  If you don't think that's a meaningful shift in the balance of federal power you have to be smoking something. Silicon Valley's short-term profit motive is no justification for political shenanigans like that.


I would never have learned about this silly proposal if it wasn't for The same thing with the petrodollar warfare ideology. These aren't topics that normal academics even pay attention to, but they're plastered all over this sub as if they're gospel. It's cute.
@_date: 2014-06-12 22:51:09


Who have to point them to non-open-source mining pools if they want to make money on bitcoin, or they move to alts where they're more profitable which further increases the concentration of hash power in bitcoin.


I don't see why? Companies are supposed to distribute the most profitable hardware out of altruistic reasons? These aren't desktop computers or robots that are adapted to existing businesses - it's a business model based solely on the autonomous operation of the basic function of the machine. They will keep the stuff that ensures their own controlled pools the maximum profitability, while giving you the illusion of choice to participate using inferior equipment after they've developed something better. 
As Eisenhower said after warning about the military industrial complex: *Yet, in holding scientific research and discovery in respect, as we should, we must also be alert to the equal and opposite danger that public policy could itself become the captive of a scientific-technological elite.*
Bitcoin could easily turn out like the military industrial complex meeting a technocracy. I'd tread carefully.
@_date: 2014-08-07 01:14:47
Quite interesting. A later common-era usage of a unique stone substance. I'm just surprised they value limestone which has no real world utility. At least with obsidian people could make the strongest pre-copper cutting implements known to man. 
@_date: 2014-07-01 14:42:37
So, the whales can then just pump their prices to the moon by restricting the market supply of bitcoins? That is in no way equitable or efficient.
@_date: 2014-07-09 00:06:45
Calling it a tower of "babble" while you babble on about this shit is strangely fitting. Babel is the proper word you're looking for. And you're not even using the term "babble" (babel) consistently, as it was supposed to be some decentralized effort that could transcend national lines and bring humanity together until the evil overlord God came and befuddled peoples' languages. If anything is the Tower of Babel, it's Bitcoin - not that there's anything wrong with that. 
@_date: 2014-07-04 03:06:37
What makes you say that? I've never heard of any of these companies, and they seem to be industries which would be open to accepting whatever money they can get. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 14:29:54
The simple argument is that noble metals do not require electricity to maintain their useful value. The survivalist gold bugs would love for people to put more money into bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-13 21:31:56
The Swiss also make a pretty penny helping the rich hide their assets from tax collectors. They're essentially stealing income from the rest of the world, but since they do it for everyone and remain neutral nobody really goes after them. It's also much more convenient to enter France via Belgium.
@_date: 2014-08-06 02:33:03
The Cold War was just a later episode of the Great Game, which itself has never ended. Though I agree, history teaches that the main thing for the west to fear at this stage of the game is not Ivan the Terrible, but instead the meaning and context of the writings of Li Hongzhang. 
@_date: 2014-07-06 20:38:51
Damn man, I've never heard of a virus that can infect the BIOS. Unless you just need a new machine anyways you're taking this a bit too far.
@_date: 2014-06-26 06:21:01
TIL that Iceland - the land which hates bankers, has banned Bitcoin. Cheers!
@_date: 2014-06-22 07:42:25
The GOP should run with this in conjunction with Glen Beck peddling bitcoin as the new gold. Just wouldn't work in the coastal regions though.
@_date: 2014-06-17 16:19:48
Why read a flawed article when I can stick with legitimate history books? Rockefeller had no "drilling techniques". He got his start in actual oil production in the 1880s when oil was discovered in Lima, Ohio, and from that point he was more concerned with buying up whatever potential leases he could get. However, he never had any of the leases in California, which was starting to produce oil in the 1870s, and he never had any control over production in the Baku region which was growing at that same time. Baku is where the actual threat to his market share came from.
Baku, in Russia, is where the elder brother of Alfred Nobel started developing a foreign kerosene refining industry, and was soon followed by the Rothschilds and Marcus Samuel. Samuel was the one who really gave a kick to the Standard empire by figuring out a more effective method of kerosene transport to the far east than what Standard was using - as in, that was the cat who invented the oil tanker.
And, I hate to break it to you, but the claim in that article that Standard didn't engage in predatory pricing doesn't translate into the history books. Page 65 of Yergin's The Prize discusses Samuel's great coup of 1892, and the reasons that Samuel went to such measures: 
*He recognized there was no point in trying to break into the market unless he and his partners could undersell Standard Oil - or at least avoid being undersold by Standard Oil. In order to assure that result, the campaign would have to be waged in all markets simultaneously; otherwise, Standard Oil would slash prices in markets where the Samuel group was competing and subsidize the price cuts by raising prices where they were not present.*
This isn't some economist's hypothesis - real world economic actors waged these wars, and openly used predatory pricing strategies. And, regardless of how much people think Ida Tarbell was trying to write some economic hit-piece, nobody has really effectively denied the case for Standard Oil engaging in anti-competitive practices. The South Improvement Company was probably only the most visible of the control his trust exerted. And, as I said, the only way that was really broken was by finding independent sources of oil in the ground who were free of Rockefeller's control over transport and refining - or doing what Pure Oil Co did in building their own pipeline to the eastern seaboard. 
@_date: 2014-07-12 10:59:50
Well. In the original iteration, it appeared as if the Sponsor would cash out of their bitcoins, and then slowly collect them back from the Trust in the form of fees. The idea would be to have the trust increase the value of bitcoin by creating institutional investor demand, so the coins that the sponsor received back would be worth more than what they were sold at. Instead, the Trust now has to liquidate a specific percentage of their bitcoin holdings each month to pay cash to the sponsor. Whatever it is, if it's similar to the Gold ETF which has the same prospectus template as this, .15% daily for a full year comes to 72.71% of the principal value of the trust (non-compounding). The Sponsor appears to have made the conscious choice that the cash equivalent would have more long-term value than going for a second round with whatever coins they sell to get the brokers/dealers started. 
As for whether or not the SEC can force a company to accept USD as fees instead of any other method of payment, I'm not entirely sure. I'd probably be surprised if they were even far along enough in the process to have received a genuine criticism from the SEC yet. 
@_date: 2014-12-03 07:27:03
Go back to doing voodoo in the hopes that you don't get a whammy. Leave the gentleman mensches [alone](
@_date: 2014-07-01 15:23:16
Yes, which is technically a transfer of oil wealth from the Middle East into your wallet.
@_date: 2014-09-19 23:43:48
The government has no jurisdiction over the operation of multinational oil companies, that's entirely up to the governments of the host countries. The closest they came was Iran where they really just pulled the same crap that the opposition pulled - paying a bunch of desperate people to take to the streets in mob action. If anything the locals prospered twice, first when Mossadegh scared the Shah shitless, and again when the US financed the astro-turf street movements that allowed the Iranian military to back the Shah. 
@_date: 2014-06-14 16:52:34


This is the crux of this argument. They CAN prevent people from transacting on Bitcoin if they choose to dominate the mining protocol. They CAN'T stop people from moving to altcoins, but the people CAN'T stop them from following and doing the same thing. You need regulations to discriminate against them and create a level playing field, or you have to pay your tithes like everyone else in existence has had to. We are talking about a public reserve currency here, not a cat and mouse game to avoid the reserve currency and still call yourself the reserve.


Dude, fuck you. Read something other than wikipedia sometime. 


This comes back to the earlier point about Moore's Law. Can the Chinese keep that going themselves? You obviously think so, but that's just because wikipedia hasn't told you otherwise. 


Or, the NSA just does a 51% attack to destroy the network so they can step in and control it on their own terms. Don't try to tell me they can't, as the only reason they don't is because they've likely duped people into believing in a secure anonymous wealth transfer mechanism that they can observe and build a database on. When you blur the line between public and private actors, you find that the "economic self-interest" argument is a bit more complex than you recognize. 


You probably should. You are trying to defend a major flaw in the protocol while saying that the people who would be motivated to exploit that flaw simply wouldn't be able to do it because of the free market. If you think that's a bright future, you're pretty naive.
@_date: 2014-02-17 07:36:02
I'd like to know what's not correct since I have to take a finance test very shortly.
@_date: 2014-11-24 23:19:56
Doesn't Western Union act as that currency exchanger? Wouldn't that mean that the OP's advertisement is misrepresentation which claims Bitcoin can match WU's full service for a single US penny?
@_date: 2014-06-20 06:31:48


That's just off that leaked list of emails. If his goal is to play off the difference in bitcoin prices on the different exchanges, it seems he would just go do that. In this context of arbitrage though, it seems like he's seeking to obtain cheap coins from the Feds so he can maximize his profit by merely offloading them on the exchanges at the highest possible prices. The question is how many of these coins will be offloaded in a similar fashion, and how deeply that cuts into what seems like an already weak liquidity in Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-06-13 20:02:56
Only because of the Sherman Anti-Trust Act. Just look back to the history of Standard Oil if you want to know how the "free market" is controlled by unregulated oligopolies. You could argue that Standard Oil was a monopoly, but the truth is that the board of directors and holders of voting equities were made up of Rockefeller's former competition. It was like the entire industry colluded to centralize itself, and those who refused were run out of business.
@_date: 2014-07-06 22:45:46
Does that really matter? You should be able to wipe whatever hardware you have to get rid of anything malicious. 
@_date: 2014-06-22 06:30:04
I just think that's how it works on the weekends when competent people aren't stuck in their offices trying to pass time.
@_date: 2014-06-09 22:12:02


I would agree. Even if you aren't an accredited investor yourself, if you know enough to file a corporation and invest your funds in it for reinvestment, you should be allowed. However, I did hunt up the SEC's page on [junk bonds]( and found no mention of any accreditation restrictions. They're apparently just traded OTC, so for all you know you might be able to get a more consistent, if lesser, dividend rate from the same company you were forced out of.
Makes me wonder what the comparative rates of return are.
@_date: 2014-06-12 13:18:42
The mining elite take all the new bitcoins, who are you kidding?
@_date: 2014-12-04 21:08:37
@_date: 2014-06-22 18:30:56


It's obvious that he would have said that Bitcoin is governed by the executive. What's scary is that someone doesn't even know enough about government to pick up on that, whether it be the writer, editor or both.
@_date: 2014-06-14 15:49:48
I dropped out of a fascist college because the professors couldn't see how much better the world would be if everyone would just buy my magical internet money. I'm a fucking genius!
@_date: 2014-12-21 07:55:04
Regulations change, but the fundamental mathematics of economic growth don't change. If you try to replace debt and inflation with deflation, you will fail every time in a growth economy. You can try to prove this fundamental precept of the world wrong, but you're just tilting at windmills there.
@_date: 2014-07-03 03:54:33
Regardless of what California might think about the matter, who the hell wants to give California 12 seats in the Senate instead of their traditional 2? 
@_date: 2014-07-01 15:08:24
Yeah. Something tells me OPEC will be really happy with their small bitcoin holdings compared to foreign whales. All those ideas about dwindling national wealth being exploited by the west will just cease being relevant when they see that that their oil has enriched a bunch of westerners much more than it enriched themselves.
@_date: 2014-07-12 10:54:52
That's nearly the same template as what's listed in OP's article, not surprisingly it comes from the same lawyer recycling her work. She wrote this [piece]( which indicates that the SEC has to grant a special exemption to the 1940 Investment Company Act for each ETF. The argument in favor of allowing ETCs to trade as ETFs seems to be that the ETC doesn't hold any futures contracts on the commodities.
The question then becomes whether or not this new firm can receive the same exemptions granted for the Gold SPDR, which is backed by Mellon Bank using a registered trade mark of Standard &amp; Poor's Deposit Receipts to trade in a well-accepted commodity. 
@_date: 2014-10-04 12:48:05
If registration numbers are anathema to you, mind giving us your social security number? I know a Dominican family that could really use it.
@_date: 2014-07-19 15:19:07
Is it cash or a commodity? You can't simultaneously cheer the filing of a bitcoin ETF with the SEC, then decry the government attempting to regulate what it views as a new security. 
@_date: 2014-12-21 06:37:13
I wouldn't even know about this sub if I hadn't been summoned here by the totes bot. Just because some kid didn't understand the basic math of the future value calculations that underpin the market price of every asset, nor how those calculations are affected by a deflationary currency model, he had to ask for this sub's help. Then someone starts spewing off about the petrodollar warfare hypothesis which is laughable in the face of actual history, and I thus became hooked. Maybe I'm just addicted to reading the delusional fringe ideologies that infest this sub? Either way, first impressions are lasting. If you can't police it, that's just to your own detriment, not mine.
@_date: 2014-06-03 13:36:06
What industry did CNA draft their proprietary form language for? I don't recall much deviation from the ISO norm in Chubb's Form-14 coverage for securities brokers, and I know you don't need a conviction if you're getting international bond coverage for the banking industry, or else I would have had a better loss ratio on my book of business.
And, the bigger question I have is, since I've never heard of some Midwestern regional carrier known as Great American - are they even big enough to draft their own form language and get it filed in the 50 states? I've never seen them compete nationally in either the financial or habitational insurance marketplaces.
(Edit: Ahh, I've found it. Licensed in all 50 states but they really only retain 31% of their core P&amp;C business, and choose to retain small specialty coverages. From their AM Best rating statement: *The group's specialty financial segment is the smallest of the three and comprises its financial institutions, surety bond, fidelity and crime, trade credit and specialty equipment business. The group is the largest provider of fidelity and crime products to casinos.*  That really explains the product development thought process.)
@_date: 2014-09-10 20:26:43
From [NY State Administrative Procedural Act, Section 201-A](
*1.(a) When it is apparent from the nature and purpose of the rule that it will not have a substantial adverse impact on jobs and employment opportunities, the agency shall include in the notice of proposed rule making or the notice of emergency adoption a statement that the agency has determined that the rule will not have a substantial adverse impact on jobs and employment opportunities; provided, however, that, where appropriate, such statement shall indicate that the agency has determined the rule will have a positive impact on jobs and employment opportunities, or will have no impact on jobs and employment opportunities. **Except where it is evident from the subject matter of the rule that the rule could only have a positive impact or no impact on jobs and employment opportunities**, the agency shall include in the statement prepared pursuant to this paragraph a summary of the information and methodology underlying its determination.*
So they said it would have little to no impact on NY employment and jobs, and to most people that is self-evident from the subject matter. There will always be people willing to play ball, legally. You can appeal to the commissioners of labor and economic development if you think it should be investigated more, however it doesn't appear that the law requires further reporting. It's not quite their job to do individual risk reporting for individual companies to determine the opportunity costs to their bottom lines due to the price of regulatory compliance. 
They do, however, seem like they're being nice by promising further information in 120 days. I don't see any form of time requirement in there beyond the 30-days required to report on an emergency regulation, or the 90-days required for the report when requested by the commissioners. 
@_date: 2014-12-21 03:07:05
Everybody loves a train wreck.
@_date: 2014-06-14 00:25:14


This gets back to your belief that the free, unregulated market will be able to compete against well-established actors with the resources to control the fees. You need to figure out a way to do a hard fork in the blockchain after it's been established to exclude certain wealthy individuals from the market. Since this is an anonymous system you have no way to discriminate the good actors from the bad in your ecosystem - so you cannot escape the power of something cryptic like the CIA-backed shell corporations through which black operations are already conducted. You need to make a very convincing mathematical argument that shows that there will be restriction on the economic power of the elite if you suddenly convert to a fixed currency supply of 21 million units. The only thing you're saying is the "free market will solve everything" without acknowledging the historical fallacies you've cited. 


So, Moore's Law is just a factor of copying the architecture that someone else has produced? At what point of economic incentive do the designers of new chips stop outsourcing them to hostile nations for production? That's not a very good argument.


So, you are not a miner and you are saying that the people who control the hardware which governs the security of your favored currency are stupid? Do people who mine at Ghash know what they're actually processing with their hardware?
What are the estimates of the percentage of hashpower that Ghash owns themselves? Honestly, beyond all other arguments, you have a nebulous Ukrainian company controlling the magical internet money that a bunch of American neckbeards think will be the next great reserve currency. Might as well be some KGB/FSB type nonsense designed to attack the "reactionary" capitalist financial systems that bankrupted them. You're really not helping the image of bitcoin here.
@_date: 2014-12-21 07:35:45
I hate to break it to you, but properly regulated and underwritten banking activities have been the engine which have produced modern society, and supports your high-tech sector. Injecting Moore's Law into a financial calculation is utterly pointless since the capabilities of consumer goods has nothing to do with the financing behind them. In a deflationary world, the people who do the actual work are marginalized as the wealth they create is stolen by the people who hoard and save their currency tokens. 
The easiest example. I have 1 bitcoin, and I go live in the woods for five years. In those five years there has been actual economic growth, making that bitcoin more valuable. The people who did the work are working with increasingly small fractions of a singular unit of bitcoin, but I'm sitting pretty by just staying off grid. How is that just? How is that feasible in the long term when a sleeper fund can suddenly claim a disproportionate share of the world's production? We already have rich people sitting on piles of fiat because they have nothing else to invest in, that class of people would just reap the benefits while we all pretend we're living in the future.
To quote Dave Mustaine - If there's a new way, I'd be the first in line. But It'd better work this time. 
@_date: 2014-07-02 02:18:07
Didn't they state in the terms of the auction that they reserve the right to ignore any bids they choose to, without having to disclose the reasons? 
@_date: 2014-06-28 23:20:13
If you're based outside of the US, you can reasonably construe the ending to that email to be a threat of physical harm and charge said person with assault in the US system. You might even be able to construe it as a physical threat even if you're based in the US.
Interesting is that the list of torts relating to the use or disclosure of information says nothing about information found publicly on the internet, or in emails you receive. The damages lie with those who publicly disclosed the facts in the first place, and those who appropriate someone's picture for use in scam websites. You might have a contributory liability toward the site which published the restricted information, but it should be easy to get out of on summary judgment. The common law system is full of fun things to throw back at people.
@_date: 2014-02-24 23:32:05
It's illegal for the company to solicit, not for investors. They can't publish an offer to sell securities unless they get approved by the SEC. But, they can solicit for donations, and when people discuss the matter with them, they're allowed to offer securities. After a couple hundred investors you have to file with the SEC, but at that point I don't think you have to jump through the hoops required to go public.
@_date: 2014-06-20 06:20:16
You just run into the chance, in a decentralized world, that the arbitrators chosen by either side won't know of another person whom they both can agree upon to be the referee of the arbitration process. I am looking at what existing institutions do, and don't see an easy way to translate that into a largely anonymous payment system.
@_date: 2014-12-13 23:05:55
If you earn money while protected under the laws of a state, that state has every right to tax you. This is fundamental in the anthropological theories of the formation of states and the foundation of property rights. The alternative is having some angry mongoloid bash you and your hard drive with a hammer, effectively eliminating any notion you have of ownership of value and effort. 
And sure, the Swiss have other things than tax evasion going for them. They were the preferred conduit for the black market exchanges of coal and other strategic resources between two sides who would not trade directly. They're essentially a cartel of mountain hillbillies.
@_date: 2014-06-13 03:00:55


There's nothing quick about the mining hardware scams I've read about around here. Most people seem to have to wait until well past the expected profitable lifespan of the equipment to even receive the shipments. Are there current examples which would prove this wrong? And, if so, what percentage are they of the overall market?


Unless everything I've read around here is FUD, I'm pretty sure it's the truth. There is no rational market force which would make those people sell profitable hardware if all they have to do to make a profit is plug them in. At least Siemens sells equipment that needs design inputs and for people to develop a market. Bitcoin is a captive market.


There's no difference, and you previously admitted that the existing elite will become the mining elite if Bitcoin takes hold. There's no fundamental difference. 
@_date: 2014-08-07 12:44:39
This LaValle guy seems convinced bitcoin will be classified as a commodity. Has the SEC filing been amended yet again? Last time I checked it's set up to be dissolved if bitcoin is classified as a commodity, and someone around here told me that just plain wouldn't happen since it's going to be accepted as a currency. 
The securities lawyers I know have had significant problems getting new securities past the SEC, so how will this one be any different? The new scam is going public overseas to avoid the SEC entirely. Look for a followup announcement that the Winklevoss Trust will be traded in Vienna. 
@_date: 2014-12-22 06:56:37
Then build a decentralized way for industrialists to loan their money to the common man in exchange for interest payments. Cut out the middleman, but keep the inflation aspect of the economy intact as nothing else will work. You know, sort of like Bitcoin - but cut out the scam artists, early adopters, and miners - and most of all, cut out the "scarcity" argument since we're supposed to be dreaming of Adam Smith's universe of unending economic growth. 
@_date: 2014-06-18 14:20:03
If the bitcoin community can DDOS Ghash, why can't the government (or Ghash) DDOS the community if there's a hard fork that removes the incentives of holding 51% of the hash power? The tactics of the decentralized internet community can always be used against them.
@_date: 2014-11-24 19:08:38
The early internet was actually fun. Dial in to a bulletin board system to get some extra telnet and irc protocols, talk smack to your friends and kill them in in a mud. Get to know kids from other schools and find smart chicks to hook up with. That was true network effect, not just a circle jerk of people giving nickels to strangers on their way to unlimited riches.
@_date: 2014-06-16 23:12:19
But, the story of the kerosene market is one of quick and brutal centralization under a few large, notorious actors named Rockefeller, Nobel and Rothschild; with Marcus and Detterding not far behind. 
Rockefeller colluded with the people who controlled the flow of the market, the railroads, in a robber-baron form of a 51% attack that paid him hefty rebates for everyone else's merchandise - either forcing them to sell out to him or go out of business. After he gained control, the only way to minimize this power was to find new sources of petroleum that he did not already control with his monopoly over the mining pool, and, ultimately, a massive media campaign and congressional action to break up his trust. 
Not to mention oil is only valuable as long as there are deposits left to be ~~mined~~drilled out of the ground. 
@_date: 2014-06-07 15:08:35
The details are in the full name of the SEC - Securities *Exchange* Commission. While normally focused on the secondary market exchanges you're familiar with, they govern the primary securities market whereby companies advertise that they have shares for sale. Posting in a public forum that you will sell part of your state-sponsored corporate entity to others in exchange for money, you are creating a primary securities market.
Privately, though, investors are allowed to analyze the risks and rewards, and put their money where they wish. If you know about an asset that hasn't been publicly offered, you can always tender an offer to the owner, much like people do in the real estate market. 
The SEC has certain registration requirements on private equity, but that comes at 100 shareholders, while the wiki page on private corporations indicates that you can have up to 2,000 shareholders before you need to subject yourself to public reporting requirements. Conceivably you could have 200k investors if your state filings are in order before the SEC can even say anything to you, depending on how far you want to go within those laws. (Oh wait, that would be 100 x 100 before registration requirements, so 10,000 shareholders if they collude privately. At 200K they need to submit GAAP compliant annual reports)
@_date: 2014-07-08 18:25:24
@_date: 2014-06-16 16:10:56
And who was the band referring to? However, something makes me think that a group that can command nearly $100MM in investment capital is making a slightly more nuanced statement with their name than saying they are into Texan heavy metal.
@_date: 2014-06-17 21:42:39
To whom?
@_date: 2014-11-25 02:43:48
Yes. Why are you defending such predatory practices? If there's a new way, I'd be the first in line. But it'd better work this time! (Can you put a price on peace?)
@_date: 2014-07-12 18:15:36
Did the author just call me a "muggle"? This isn't children's literature hour.
@_date: 2014-07-20 06:10:35
I know all this, I just don't get the hatred for regulations. The repeal of Glass-Steagall is generally accepted as a mistake, so why shouldn't an anomalous form of wealth transfer be scrutinized by the entities which are supposed to prevent the defrauding of consumers? If the point of regulations was to somehow prevent a disruptive technology from threatening the oligarchy's financial hegemony, why would they even allow it to get to this point instead of just crashing the system? The argument that they can't just doesn't seem to make much sense.
@_date: 2014-06-16 14:50:52
I'm still trying to figure out why they named it after the illegitimate father of Jesus.
@_date: 2014-03-08 23:09:43
Banks don't just sit on savings accounts. They use those savings to buy investment grade bonds in order to cover overhead, and pay some interest back to their depositors. In the real world you can't count on kickstarter or donations to start a business, you have to either be willing to give up equity in your idea, or sell paper to a bank. The whole idea of a checking account is an entirely different beast than traditional banking. 
@_date: 2014-07-01 14:44:22
They were finally including Saudi Arabia in the Bretton Woods system.
@_date: 2014-12-13 22:48:00
The sample of Switzerland has already been tainted in a conversation about privatization, though. A couple of recent reforms can't cover up the fact that their standard of living is due to their historical proclivities for theft. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 20:00:33
Voluntary parting. You were the one who gave the thief your money, and they then absconded with it. Theft coverage only responds to burglary and robbery. 
@_date: 2014-03-05 05:40:10
My issue is imagining a bond principal of 1.0 bitcoin, with 1% simple interest over 5 years. Assuming that's just an inflation-protected annuity, at the end of those five years, I give you 1.05 bitcoins for the use of your 1 bitcoin five years ago. The problem is that bitcoin you lent me 5 years ago is the equivalent of .95 bitcoins today (even less since simple interest annuities need to be compounded to find the true market value). So why am I paying you extra? That's more than doubling your profit off a 1% loan than otherwise. And, that still doesn't account for the risk of estimating the future economic value of a bitcoin five years from now. Like it or not, bitcoin is the equivalent of figuring out negative interest rates to see how much your real-value interest payment has depreciated into current bitcoin values. You're simply not going to get the end user up to speed on that kind of calculation if this is supposed to be the world's currency. 
And, re: your example. If wealthy people hold most of the bitcoins. They have no incentive to invest it if everyone else is trying to make money. Rich people with whole bitcoin will continue to prosper while people who actually work end up dealing with increasingly small fractions of a bitcoin. The system penalizes those who spend bitcoin in favor of those who hoard it. 
If your problem is with what you call Fiat (while ignoring the fiat-nature of bitcoin), you might want to at least develop a cryptocurrency that can be inflated so you can facilitate economic mathematics. At least then the argument will be about whether or not government or the people should be in charge of how much the currency inflates. But, deflationary currency? Just does not compute. 
@_date: 2014-09-28 20:15:28


Umm, in [2013]( jewelry and industrial purposes accounted for some 68.13% of the demand. Jewelry is by far the biggest demand factor on the price of gold.
@_date: 2014-06-07 20:57:28
Oh, well that's probably your answer. I think that once you're in the SEC's regulatory orbit, you stay there until your firm liquidates itself. If you're a small company and the offer was just some random statement made on an internet forum that nobody paid attention to, I doubt you have much to worry about. If you had gotten shareholders in that fashion, it's just as easy to make them principal owners of the next corporation without any form of sales activity going on.
@_date: 2014-03-04 16:23:18
It's not the exponent math that holds bitcoin back, the valuations of bonds and annuities rely on exponents. The problem is that with deflating currency you need to go one step further, apply that exponent math to a constantly decreasing number of bitcoins which represent the real value of the principal. 
And, in the case of bitcoin, people would be hoarding to increase their relative net worth compared to people who are actually using said coins. A homeless man could save a bitcoin or two then go off the grid, and when he comes back he has more net worth than someone who actually worked those years. On the opposite end of the scale, existing wealthy people just get richer when other people do work and expand the economy. It's the opposite of the stated intention of the hobbyists around here, bitcoin does not put power back in the hands of normal hard-working people.  
@_date: 2014-02-17 22:04:35
I think that's the problem. Bitcoin doesn't generate cash flows, so the highly volatile valuation is a turnoff. Applying the fluctuating value to cash flow calculations is the equivalent of inflation risk, and even minor changes really throw off the efficiency of corporate debt.
Assume that I want to borrow a thousand bucks for three years, and the marketplace demands a 6% annual return on similar credit risks. Under an ordinary bond, one will pay $180 for the use of the capital (18%). Adding another layer of exchange by converting that thousand bucks into a representative bitcoin modifies the capital efficiency. It benefits the issuers of bonds when the price of a coin drops over time, and it conversely benefits the creditors when the value of a coin increases. A 10% annual gain in the price of a bitcoin increases the cost of capital from the above-example to 54.9%, while a modest 2% annual gain increases the cost to 22.4%. The math to modify the quantity of the coupon payments to match industry expectations for real gain is unknown to me, assuming one could even predict the future value of a bitcoin. 
Since the bitcoin marketplace does not have depth of supply, any increase in demand will increase the value, no? If the debtor who borrowed the bitcoin does not make coins they will need to purchase more to avoid defaulting on their debt, necessarily increasing the amount that they must pay to borrow capital. 
And, the problem with the limited supply is that upon full adoption of bitcoin by the world's economy, the real value of a bitcoin will constantly grow. In such a scenario, individual users will need to be able to estimate the wealth creation that will occur during the life of a debt to avoid overpaying the coupon and principal payments. 
Have a drought or some other natural event that limits a harvest, for example, the hit to the world's expected GDP will require a recalculation of all debt agreements in order to maintain capital efficiency. To contemplate the type of extra work that will throw onto the economy is mind boggling. 
@_date: 2014-06-17 02:55:12
Of course. He provided zero-fee economy of scale for the illumination market just like Ghash provides it for bitcoin miners. The issue is that he made every attempt to control the market and tried to prevent anybody from competing. He was the example of the non-benevolent 51% miner monopoly, and still, he was limited by the fact that other miners could go find entirely unrelated blockchains to make a profit from. Even with that limitation though, it took Ida Tarbell and public outrage to bring about the type of reform that actually opened the market up to free competition - but people had to accept public interference in their holy unregulated oil market. 
Just given some of the ideologies surrounding this experiment. The petroleum industry is probably the worst example to use in relation to bitcoin. I'm sorry to say, but it shows a real lack of education.
@_date: 2014-11-25 03:33:13
You're giving me talking points instead of responding to the reality of this fraudulent advertisement though. This is the precise moment in any conversation where I give up and disregard your arguments. I'm going to go spend some time oggling at the Ferguson protesters for awhile before I get some sleep.
@_date: 2014-02-25 21:40:40
In general, fund transfer fraud has to be a forgery of instructions to make them appear as if they came from the customer who suffered the loss, and who has the coverage. The language does not contemplate gross negligence on the part of the financial institution in managing their own accounts, so one would argue that there's no precedent in common law to apply the coverage. You can make the argument, and the Insurance company will happily deny the claim knowing that you probably won't have much traction in court. 
And, in the case of Japan where they don't recognize bitcoin as either currency or a security, it would be legally treated like a commercial bailee situation - the equivalent of dropping your clothing off at a dry cleaner's. If you win a court case against the company who loses your property, a comercial bailee policy will respond, and if you're lucky they have a bailee customers policy which doesn't require legal liability. However, I don't believe there is any coverage, commercial or personal, that would respond to this situation on behalf of the customers other than a bailor's policy, if you have one or are lucky enough to have such language in your policy.
But hey, that's just American ISO forms as described in the CPCU textbooks. If you are covered by a company like Chubb who has the resources to file their own luxury forms, you might be in luck. And, similarly, most other companies amend the ISO coverage forms with supplementary coverages so you might be able to find one which offers you appropriate coverage. I've just never seen it in 8 years of underwriting, 5 of which was on financial institutions and banks. My old business unit probably wouldn't touch Mt. Gox with a 10-foot pole because these situations are an emerging hazard situation that will require a new round of form revisions to contemplate properly. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 12:38:07


There was a guy around here who claimed to have accidentally sent 800 coins to the Gox address recently. I guess it was really 665.
@_date: 2014-03-07 14:53:22
That came across more like "yeah i slipped up and should have been more evasive in complying with the applicable NDA."
@_date: 2014-02-24 23:10:20
Why not just incorporate and issue shares of preferred stock? As long as someone is willing to buy them (donors, for example), your corporation has taken out what's essentially a free loan that never has to be repaid. 
The only catch is that you can't pay yourself dividends before you pay the stated dividend on each preferred share. Preferred stockholders have no voting rights, so you're just giving people a way to donate, and yourself a mechanism to share profits if any are realized by the corporation. Seems like a truly "open-source" corporate structure, since, let's face it, anybody who purchases those shares isn't going to expect a return on investment, and they will hold no real secondary-market value for traders until those dividends start getting paid.
@_date: 2014-03-03 23:34:43
In that event, you have to be able to predict how much the economy is going to grow in the future. The problem is that if a commodity costs .1 bitcoin one year, then .09 bitcoin the next year, there's very little incentive for money to be moved around. People would hoard their bitcoins, and rely more on a barter economy to hedge against the uncertainties in predicting economic growth. That's market inefficiency that currency is supposed to prevent, not encourage by being deflationary. And, the economy really seems to only grow when money works to make more money.
If you want to raise capital to start a business and grow the economy, how do you structure your bond offerings? How do you get a mortgage on your house if you need to be able to repay a 30-year ROI expectation? Surely someone could write a program to adjust bitcoin accounts current and accounts due yearly, but why go through that extra hassle when an inflating currency works just fine? I guarantee that any system that can manage the deflating valuations will express real value in terms of a whole number - making us go in a big circle just to appease some techies and early adopters of this hobby currency.
@_date: 2014-06-18 00:53:30
The firefighter in me applauds your attempts at fire safety, but cringes at the use of combustible materials in your setup. Otherwise, this might be the least irresponsible thing I've seen on this subreddit. 
@_date: 2014-07-01 14:40:03
Saudi Arabia wanted nothing less though, their economy couldn't function without gold or silver. They eventually had to be persuaded to accept dollars, which was beneficial to them given the fluctuations in the silver market that destroyed their hard currency. The dollars and remaining gold convinced them of the merits of finally deploying their own paper currency which stabilized their economy. 
@_date: 2014-06-07 13:40:49
Tired of waiting for the moon.
@_date: 2014-07-01 16:26:59
They are state actors with healthy cash-flow positions. Instead of buying a new Mercedes for every Sheikh one year they can set up a data center. Hashpower means nothing to a discussion about geopolitics.
@_date: 2014-07-04 05:41:42
You can't understand why I haven't heard of a paywall service being marketed to bloggers that's not even a year old? Which artisanal internet "artists" do they service and who pays to read their newsletters? The point is that a company trying to link un-publishable authors with private fans who want to tip them a few cents for their efforts is one of the most likely companies to accept bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-07-09 03:24:05
Gasoline does not give off carbon monoxide vapors before it is ignited. You need ignition to combine oxygen with the carbon and to remove the hydrogen before that happens. 
@_date: 2014-07-08 16:51:41




Yet no information of any of this exists in the easily accessible diplomatic records of the time period, which were published before the "bankers eventually did get their prize" as you put it. The Russians did tell the Americans that certain British factions were interested in supporting the Confederacy, but those plans would have been enacted anyways if the South had done a better job of showing that they could win a war. And, Russia's show of force has been argued to be geared more for domestic consumption rather than any international show of force, because, honestly, at the time the United States was at the cutting edge of military technology and was sizable enough to check any European intervention while still maintaining the blockade of southern ports. The Anaconda Plan carried with it a massive investment in naval power to compliment the massive land forces.
The reality of the historical record is that Britain was deathly afraid of a filibustering Fenian expedition to capture Canada while the Federal government was distracted, and rushed a sizable chunk of their standing military to Halifax aboard the Great Eastern to counter the threat. Those 10,000 soldiers were quite the small force compared to the troop levies taking place in America, where, before long, the two largest armies in the world were created to fight each other. The problem for the Europeans almost a hundred years after the Revolution was in the numbers - whereas in the Revolution the British had tried to use 20,000 troops to quell 50,000 pissed off colonials, they were even more out-matched in the 1860s. 
Please stop spreading unsubstantiated information about history.
@_date: 2014-06-06 03:14:28
You're saying it indirectly by talking about the valuation in terms of GDP. But that's just me assuming you're trying to value bitcoin as if it's going to be the next big reserve currency.
@_date: 2014-07-01 14:25:18
What happens when oil companies cannot find enough Bitcoin on the market to pay the producing countries?
@_date: 2014-11-02 13:25:40


Even Chubb, the company which writes its own policy forms to pay out more than the ISO standard, uses ISO forms for its auto policies. Under that ISO form, all coverages (PD, GL, Med Pay and UM/UIM) exclude the use of your vehicle as a public or livery conveyance. I doubt anybody even sells policies without these exclusions, as it's clearly a case where insurance companies want you to shell out for a commercial auto policy.
Ride with them all you want. If they get into an accident and you're injured though, have fun trying to sue them beyond those paltry stop gap limits that Uber provides.
@_date: 2014-11-25 01:30:05
I'm still trying to figure out WTF is going on with their new [single]( This could be an interesting year.
@_date: 2014-06-08 16:15:46


The [SEC]( rules apply to unregistered securities advertisements that fall under the 506(c) exemption to the 1933 Securities Act. Companies which use this registration exemption can only advertise to accredited investors. 
If there's another rule that I don't know about which involves private investors soliciting the company they want to purchase from, I haven't seen it.
@_date: 2014-06-22 07:26:38


If setting up a full node costs more than it's worth, it drives players out of the game and naturally leads to more centralization. If you want to decentralize you have to make it *easier* to mine, not harder. 
@_date: 2014-06-12 02:55:15


This is why Paypal warns merchants to ship using registered mail that generates a signature. If it ships to the billing address and you have the cardholder's signature on the slip the post office returns to you, you won't run into that sort of problem. Can't really blame them for poor risk management awareness.
Regarding the risk pooling effect which you say is a "trickle down" cost, it's no different when purchasing mandatory liability coverage on your commercial auto fleet. As a merchant, you should view the protection provided by Paypal to be a good faith coverage that you purchase to make your customers happy - much like a commercial bailiff's policy that a drycleaner purchases to pays out for clothing damaged in their care even if they aren't legally liable for it. Most view that as a part of their fiduciary responsibilities as professional businessmen.
@_date: 2014-07-03 12:54:54
Other than Delaware before the nation formed, and West Virginia during the Civil War, which states have broken off of another?
@_date: 2014-07-09 03:19:15
Which Iraqi oil fields are controlled by ISIS? They took over a domestic oil refinery from what I gather, but the Kurds were pretty quick to take control of the disputed oil fields when the national troops melted away. IS has control of producing oil wells in Syria, if that's what you meant. 
@_date: 2014-06-23 22:07:58
Since the last paragraph is the liability disclaimer they would use in their prospectus, it seems clear they're trying to attract investors into their [stock]( They even use nearly the same language in their form 10-K, which is more liability disclaimer language than I've ever seen before.
OTC penny [stock]( that admits they have never issued a dividend, and don't intend to. The company overview that they submitted to the SEC says it all:
*We were incorporated in the State of Nevada as “Hotel Management Systems, Inc.” (“HMSI”) in 2008.  On May 7, 2010, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with TouchIT Tech KS,  the stockholders of TouchIT Tech KS,   TouchIT Ed, and the stockholders of TouchIT Ed whereby HMSI effectively ceased doing business as HMSI.  Both TouchIT Tech KS and TouchIT Ed are corporations formed under the laws of Turkey and are based in Istanbul, Turkey.  On February 5, 2014, the Company entered into the Exchange Agreement with BitcoinShop and the holders of the membership interests in BitcoinShop.  Upon closing of Share Exchange, on February 5, 2014, the BitcoinShop Members transferred all the outstanding membership interests of BitcoinShop to the Company in exchange for an aggregate of 100,773,923 shares of the Company’s common stock.  As a result, BitcoinShop became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.  Immediately following the Share Exchange with BitcoinShop, the Company discontinued its prior operations as a manufacturer of touch based visual communication products.  The Company entered into an Asset Purchase and Debt Assumption Agreement with Touchit Technologies Holdings, Inc.’s (“Holdings Company”), pursuant to which Holdings Company purchased all of the Company’s rights, title and interest in and to those certain assets relating to the technology products under the TouchIT Technologies™ (collectively, the ”Assets”).  In consideration of the sale of the Assets, the Holdings Company agreed to assume and be solely responsible for satisfying the debt and obligations associated with the debts and liabilities reflected on the audited and/or reviewed financial statements of the Company immediately prior to the Share Exchange.  In connection with the Share Exchange and the sale of the Assets, the Company entered into two Release Agreements with the Company’s former officer and director, Andrew Brabin and the Company’s former officer and director Ronald Murphy.  Pursuant to the Release Agreements Mr. Brabin and Mr. Murphy agreed to release the Company of any and all claims they may have against the Company and to release the Company of any and all obligations related to the $32,585.79 and $59,913.40 loans advanced to the Company by Mr. Brabin and Mr. Murphy, respectively, deeming any instrument evidencing such debts null and void.*
Looks like one of the last shell corporations to be formed before the SEC made that sort of thing harder to do. They're hoping the good news will make the secondary market value of their shares worth more so they can sell them; while at the same time retaining the voting control to allow them to pay themselves profits from any serious gains as "salary" before they even consider giving out a dividend to their investors - and their 10-K filing effectively shields them from any form of bad-faith lawsuits. 
@_date: 2014-03-21 14:05:13
It's still possession of stolen property. The same law that applies to counterfeit currency should probably apply, in which the last holder at the time of discovery bears the loss. In your case, imagine the shitstorm that would erupt if a legitimate bank gave out counterfeit/stolen notes to customers who then got caught with them?
@_date: 2014-12-14 12:44:29
Except you get a lot more from the state than you do from mobsters.
@_date: 2014-06-17 18:41:29
I've never read about Rockefeller trying to buy oil leases in California or Russia, so not what the point of that whole thing is - it's natural that his market share would drop if people opened up other sources of supply and engaged him in price wars.
Since we're still in a thread about bitcoin though, we should be attempting to analyze it from that perspective. Rockefeller gained a vast majority of control over the transport and refining of petroleum. The proper analogy is to hash rate in the protocol as it exists today. 
Taking that stance, the oil fields being opening in California and Russia which cut into Rockefeller's global marketshare represent different blockchains entirely - new places for miners to produce the commodity. Russian oil was the equivalent of Dogecoin, and in the real world it was fungible with the Bitcoin of the Rockefeller trust so the mechanics worked the way they did.
In terms of simple bitcoin - someone gains the majority of hashing power, the only way the market can combat is to invest enough money to wrestle enough control away from the monopoly in order to even gain any incentives. You can't just point your miners at Dogecoin and assume you're getting the same product out of it, and derive a profit that in any way impacts the monopoly on the original blockchain. 
In conclusion - the premise of the article this thread is based on is flawed. It's as simple as that. In the real world, the closest analogy to the Bitcoin movement is the Oil Region between 1860 and 1870 - right before the concentration that left power for a couple decades in the hands of one secretive corporation. If that doesn't sound like the threats of Ghash.io, I don't know what would.
@_date: 2014-06-13 02:54:53
The statement that the 200K coins have been found in a legal sense indicates that Karpeles has offered them to the liquidation court to absolve himself of financial liability for the rest. The conspiracy is that he would be in charge of the other 600k that were "lost".
@_date: 2014-10-02 02:55:11
This text of a book of [interviews]( on archive has some interesting tidbits:
*From 1933, when they signed the concession, until 
1950, the government was paid a fixed amount, the equivalent of 
four gold shillings for a barrel produced*
*Yes. Then of course, as production went up with a corresponding 
increase in royalties, this became an impossible thing. Aramco's 
gold purchases to pay the Saudis created price and supply 
problems in the gold market. So that problem along with the 
problems with silver coinage, caused many of the shopkeepers to 
begin to buy and use the British gold sovereign- -which was 
accepted by everyone as good coinage and was denominated readily 
with silver riyals. The Saudi Government not wanting to 
encourage the use of foreign coin- -British sovereigns- -restricted 
their import.*
There's also a good interview with an Aramco executive in the documentary version of Yergin's "The Prize" where he discusses being unable to find enough gold to pay the royalties, despite what you might read about elsewhere that the problem was caused by FDR banning gold hoarding in 1933. That crisis didn't last all that long, and indeed one of the sticking points in anglo-american relations in the late 40s was the American insistence that the British honor the gold-convertibility of the British pound.
There are other articles out there that go greater into the depth of the problems caused to Saudi currency from the bi-metal standard, with silver being drained from the system as arbitrage on the commodities markets. But, like the quotes from the source I linked regarding truckloads of silver coinage needed to meet the payroll, it's not as relevant since bitcoin proponents tout it's weightlessness as a virtue. However, the difficulties in the gold market itself indicates that a finite, limited currency is not suitable for growth economies, as the available wealth is already allocated and there's no efficient way to transfer a portion of that to the producers of new, and as of yet unknown quantities of real wealth - such as in the case of oil. One might be able to solve that problem with altcoins, but most people seem to be humping bitcoin as the next reserve currency so that's a nonstarter.
@_date: 2014-12-03 13:48:27
Wow I was a drunken ass last night. Cheers!
@_date: 2014-06-18 02:14:07


You sure about that? It might cost a bit of money, but when has the Government ever balked at something like that?
@_date: 2014-06-19 02:01:57
Auto manufacturers developed seatbelts, crumple zones and multiple airbag systems to help manage that risk. What has Bitcoin done?
@_date: 2014-08-06 01:57:47
The makers of that video seem incredibly misinformed about the origins of "money". One of the more interesting curiosities when reading classical literature is the prevalence of a barter economy consisting of everyday items. Going back even further, the maker of the video should do some ethnoarchaeology to examine how prehistoric family-groups may have treated hunting, and consuming of animals. Since people around here seem to need simple video inputs to understand things, I'd suggest examining the "Gods Must Be Crazy" movie series. I might also suggest that they completely misinterpret the obsidian trade, as there is no other form of "rock" trade that I've ever encountered. Shells, sure.
As for the "hoarder" argument. Supposed I come into a bitcoin inheritance when the blockchain has taken over the world. I don't have to tell anybody, even if I do, I can pretend like I lost the private keys. I can then live like a beggar for a number of years, feigning poverty while the people who give me charity work their asses off to make a living. After a certain amount of time, I can Gox the world and bust out my ever more valuable hoard of bitcoins and laugh my way down Fifth Avenue. 
Economic growth shouldn't be based on the simple holding of an asset. Assets must be made to work in order to earn a return. Otherwise that asset holder is just a freeloader siphoning the value of legitimate hard-working people. You think the current scheme of wealth inequality is bad?
@_date: 2014-12-19 03:55:00
So, the protocol is flawed from the start, and we're waiting for the "chief scientist" to solve the problem? How much longer do these people need to fix this issue then? You can at least treat computers like a capital investment and reduce costs through the scale of industry. 
@_date: 2014-06-12 23:02:14
It should probably be the Gox coins that are most worrisome to you folks. Japan doesn't consider them to be currency, so without a private buyer for the company they will have to be sold on whatever open market exists for them. The US seized coins can at least be auctioned off privately, even though they will eventually make it to the open markets anyways. 
@_date: 2014-06-18 14:14:45
Sorry, I only looked at one picture in that thread and assumed the main thing you were showing was the hardware on the wooden pallets. Given the color of the floor, I figured it was to raise a heat-producing machine off the combustible floor using combustible materials. 
Some industrial buildings in the States are NFPA IV construction, which is heavy timber joists with wooden floors. Have to be careful with how you seat certain classes of machinery in those buildings.
@_date: 2014-06-12 21:42:00
If a restructuring deal fails, you can bet your ass they will be liquidated with the fiat distributed to the creditors. 
@_date: 2014-10-06 19:33:50


Dividends and coupon payments, usually.
@_date: 2014-06-24 11:12:52
Just a hunch, but the government probably has better hardware designers than the mining companies. They probably also have good relationships with major manufacturers to get production runs made, no questions asked. They wouldn't even have to go near the market, and people are quite afraid of the penalties for violations of their non-disclosure agreements. 
@_date: 2014-08-17 04:09:09


That's generally because of gold rushes. From [here](
*If gold or silver supply could be increased in a rapid rate, price stability would not be maintained even if gold or silver coinages were used and no coinage debasement occur.*
Bitcoins themselves cannot not be debased quite yet, and have not deflated yet. Deflation comes when there is no more money to account for the new wealth created over time, making each token worth an increasing share of real, personal and intangible property. Bitcoin is simply inflating in numbers more than its real demand at the moment. 
@_date: 2014-06-12 16:31:05
I've read that they can fudge that part of the protocol, and I've seen proposals that say they should do that instead of relying on transaction fees to ensure the attractiveness of Bitcoin to mining hash power. Otherwise those miners just go somewhere else and open the protocol to malicious attacks - but, when they stay, they are a moneyed elite with incentives to monopolize the hardware market to keep the gravy train flowing. 
@_date: 2014-06-12 22:53:33
How many coins is the government sitting on, waiting to flood the market with?
@_date: 2014-07-20 16:15:30
Regulations are designed to regulate those who will sell those coins in circulation to the general public in exchange for government issued fiat currency. It's supposed to help you people avoid getting Goxxed time and time again, and I haven't read anything that indicates they care about regulating the end user or the merchants who accept payment through coinbase. 


Did you know you were buying mortgage-backed securities? Wouldn't it be a part of your due diligence to understand the security you're buying, and to perhaps realize that you assume a major credit risk with such securities, regardless of what Standard &amp; Poor's might tell you? 
Either way, the best lesson one can learn from the market is that it's out to get you. Trust nobody, as I'm sure you've learned for you to be a proponent of bitcoin. While people like Madoff are crooks and should be beaten with a lead pipe, at least the mechanism exists for them to be easily tossed in prison. In comparison, you have some fat dude in Japan who doesn't have the same regulatory scrutiny, and is now sitting on 600k bitcoins just waiting for the storm to pass over. Financial regulations may not be perfect, but they're a lot more palatable than the crap that's gone on in this "ecosystem" up to this point.
@_date: 2014-02-28 18:30:03
Mainly because everyone keeps telling me about this shit, and it ends up in the news. It's annoying, so I get pissed and start arguing on the internet. It's all a colossal waste of time.
@_date: 2014-06-18 02:40:00
Try telling them where the name Pantera comes from.
@_date: 2014-08-17 16:33:26


It's because it's a speculative commodity investment that had, in some cases, a dual role as a currency. Bitcoin has no additional use beyond the simulation of a limited currency, and thus will not be subject to the same fluctuations that Gold is. That means Bitcoin is subject to merely supply and demand for its value as a currency, and regardless, without coin debasement there is always an increasing demand for a limited supply if the economy grows. This is why it's deflationary, as its buying power naturally increases.


I don't think you understand what the term deflation means in relation to bitcoin, nor that bitcoin is currently inflating while demand is tapering off. Using scientific keywords in a discussion of a currency proclaimed to be the world's future reserve currency seems to be entirely off topic, and meaningless. You also seem to misuse the word "theory", I believe you're looking to call my statement a "hypothesis", to which I agree - I don't believe an entirely inelastic, dedicated money supply has ever existed. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out how such a supply affects the economic growth engines as they exist today. 
@_date: 2014-06-17 03:30:47


This is a thread about Coindesk associating Bitcoin with the petroleum industry as it supplanted the whale oil industry. The kerosene market was built by Standard Oil, who named themselves Standard Oil because they were the first body to offer a standardized refined product that people could expect to burn in their lamps consistently. The article, which doesn't even name Abraham Gesner by name, skirts around the methods by which liquid petroleum supplanted bituminous coal products in kerosene refining, and the role played by some previously unknown Ohioan in the establishment of the stable kerosene industry in general. 


Oh, don't get me wrong - I love Rockefeller and I think that the greatest crime against humanity was the dismemberment of his monopoly. Despite the people who think they were Nazi collaborators, your entire freedom in the modern world owes a great deal to the foresight of the Standard Oil empire in the late 1930s. He was an authoritative central body who recognized the need to preserve national resources, and was willing to put his money where his mouth was. I just don't understand why this character isn't anathema to the general bitcoin community which is so against centralized authority (in the form of Ghash and the FED), yet, somehow, the most egregious of the old robber baron capitalists is held up before us as an example of why Bitcoin is the greatest investment ever. 
I guess the term I'm looking for is cognitive dissonance? Does Bitcoin want to be known for an affinity to robber barons? 
@_date: 2014-11-25 03:05:32
Any use of the $ symbol is misleading in that context.
@_date: 2014-05-31 05:11:42
Well, can't say I've dealt with a Vietnamese fidelity bond myself. I've had South America, the Middle East, and even the Russian breakaway provinces. Either way, something isn't right if your national banking system can't cover itself for theft losses in the international insurance market.
@_date: 2014-10-27 19:11:32
That's just the way the waivers of the sovereign immunity laws work. In New York, in particular, the [law]( reads: *Section 9. Jurisdiction and powers of the court.. 2.  To hear and determine a claim of any person, corporation or municipality against the state for the appropriation of any real or personal property or any interest therein, for the breach of contract, express or implied, or for the torts of its officers or employees while acting as such officers or employees, providing the claimant complies with the limitations of this article.*
The state's a corporation that shields its directors and officers. Trying to argue otherwise wouldn't change the fact that you don't seem to have an understanding of common tort law. Trying to sue the state for the breach of the duty of care while the comment period on the law is still open isn't going to get you far, especially when you have incurred no measurable damages yet.
@_date: 2015-01-31 05:17:31
Interesting competition. A blockchain file that's bloated with micropayments versus my porn collection. Can you guess which one wins?
@_date: 2014-08-18 19:03:04
The same goes for common stocks. I'd just avoid preferred shares and bonds with a stated dividend value if you're worried about the dollar.