@_author: jizztrap
@_date: 2014-11-06 13:21:33
No throwaway here. 
It's not your desire to give your girls a nice Christmas that has some people annoyed. For me, it's you claiming that finances are tight while chronically posting on reddit. You've stated that your mother-in-law lives with you, so why not get a job?  I know you're in school, but judging my the volume of posting here, you seem to have plenty of free time. 
I want your kids to have a good Christmas, but last year you wrangled presents for yourself, partner and MIL. ROAC even provided a meal for the whole family. So when you come back this year and say that asking for help is hard for you. I don't buy it. You have a year worth of posts thanking strangers for sending you free shit.  I think you could teach a class on getting free stuff. 
Also, your trailer is FULL of games and weapon memorabilia, so if you get into a tight spot, remember you might be able to turn some of that into cash as well. 
You're making other families who rely on help occasionally look like abusers of "the "system". The subs are called *Random* acts .. They have become a mainstay for you. 
The TLdr of all this is.. If you're in need of money, get a job. 
@_date: 2014-11-06 19:48:27
I do realize that this is really not my business, but I appreciate your explanation.  I'm glad to see you're working when you can, because it sets a great example for the kids.  I do believe you are a good mom and want the best for your girls.  I also do not doubt that if you had the money, you would be gifting others.
I hope things get better for you and your family.  I just had to comment, because it's not that people hate happy children at Christmas .. your post history indicates a pattern of receiving free stuff from strangers, so it makes it harder to distinguish recent financial set backs from what looks like a career of internet freebies.
For the record, I wasn't the one following you around down voting.  You post a lot and I was exhausted after half a day.