@_author: jjhden
@_date: 2017-12-09 12:52:24
seriously the old would have said phuck the wife, don't care about what she thinks. Man, this place has lots it's edge. Used to be a bunch of crypto anarchists shitting on the New York regulator guy. Now it's all, 'muh mainstream adoption. Pay your taxes. Wen Amazon"
Friendly reminder many likely would not be here if not for the legendary dread pirate roberts. 
BTW, anyone else worried about future implications regarding the week of nov10-~  bch .54 btc short lived as it was? if 25% of 260 billion market share can be stolen even for an instant in time, by a handful of miners, does that not dampen your certainty about btcs future? Or maybe you will wrestle the hashpower back, make it decentralized in actuality, but what about the market share? can this never happen again? Two times in one year 25% was leeched into one other coin. 
99% of all new members care nothing except price, or rather if they lose the farm it will trump all other thoughts or feelings about the tech. 
@_date: 2018-08-08 02:36:03
don't buy monero
@_date: 2018-10-19 17:36:51
PLEASE don't trade on the first two mentioned. The first one is changelly/HitBTC/Freewallet .. your money is way better off with j sessions. Second one has the 'we reserve the right to.. yada yada, aml, partners, yada-yada bit. 
I hope their families starve.
/Edit not really the families I guess, maybe if little young-buck or young-doe plans on taking over the family front.. best to take the whole rotten root and stem at first opportunity.
Morphtoken, blocktrades.us , xmr.to
these three have that special thing
@_date: 2018-02-03 14:35:32
And yet, with the increasing amounts and never-ending tokenization of all products in the future, more and more people will do growing amounts of diligence and continue informing themselves , both for investing in projects and making choices how to spend their currency based cryptos and their token cryptos direct for services. 
In a future where everything can and likely will be tokenized (tell me that's not all but certain someday..) being efficient at spending cryptos will be an entire new and important part of budgeting.
If in 10 years we reach a point where the average person is much better informed &amp; can avoid pitfalls in outright scams, we will have less and less need for broad regulations.
At that point does anyone honestly believe  the regulators / financial overlords will begin to step aside, when their purpose for protecting average investors is quickly nullified ? I don't think so. I see higher bars for entry and conspiring to repeatedly create situations to impede such a progress and allow oversight to maintain/ take a stronger role in "consumer protection" than we have now
@_date: 2018-02-03 13:59:24
while the SEC was created along with laws to prevent the worst manipulation of the markets at the time and insider trading, the first SEC chairman was slick' Joe Kennedy, who engaged at the highest levels insider trading and manipulation. He also had priority in selling before the market crashed, and quickly turned around to short sell that market.
I'm not full tinfoil hat- SEC was probably well-intended and they did protect people from being preyed upon/manipulated further by the practices common prior, but since then they've only raised the bar for entry making it harder and harder to enter the world.
I question the benevolence of a government who had a few years before took it upon themselves to "protect" Americans by sabotaging alcohol imports and poisoning them, killing around ~10k citizens as a deterrent/propaganda from consuming alcohol 
(Which it is also rumored Joe K made his initial financial stake bootlegging also)
People need to realize the government has always had corruption, and few qualms or cares about the little guy. 
Not that regulating the market wasn't important or to further benefit savvy investors by giving them more access 
@_date: 2018-02-03 13:27:09
Accredited investors also get slaughtered on the daily trying to day trade due to the proliferation of algo trading, trading against other machines, and high frequency trading where the very early/rich who invested in the most direct/robust shortest line w lowest latency connection to the stock exchange profit immensely in entering/exiting trades while others are waiting for their requests to enter and return. Lots of data is gathered and positions are adjusted and entered faster than the rest of the small fries by receiving data on what trades are being made and adjusting positions accordingly before the smaller guys have a chance. 
Imagine the buys / sells you make on exchange close to market, and more often than not, someone will jump ahead of you, likely playing both buy/sell sides only to force people's bids up, sells down and maximize the market makers margins.
This may not apply so much to startups but it's another example of how the system is rigged. Good Michael Lewis book called 'Flash Boys' (also wrote the big Short) delves into the development of these very exclusive lines and how a few guys with the ambition to build it under contested areas, under rivers etc were able in the end to sell access for tens of millions to what reached upwards of 9 figures (iirc) to servicing institutions that weren't already sitting right on the exchange , or were sharing connections that were too crowded to play the HFT game.
Every millisecond advantage to a HFTrader can be priceless.
What chance does a dude with a few million bucks have when he's competing in markets controlled by this trading from across the country?
@_date: 2018-02-03 14:11:35
Hear, hear.
Care for privacy will follow.
Absolutely this is an evolutionary step. For the first time ever we will enter a period of time where Joe 6 pack looks at his 150$ weekly of disposable income and will pretty easily/quickly/cheaply be able to act as his own broker and invest in a new company or technology.
Joe 6 pack who before felt resigned to a life of working into his twilight years, blowing his discretion on 6packs and cigs will soon control his money and be able to make it work for him through such investments (it's certainly better than gambling, come on..)