@_author: j-j-j-j
@_date: 2014-10-07 23:46:51
My experience:
Cavirtex is where I purchased my first Bitcoin almost 2 years ago. 
I had to go to my physical bank and transfer funds to their bank account and then wait a bit. It seemed difficult at the time but in hindsight that was easy. I got my coins and was a happy camper!
Unfotunately the next time I tried to deposit funds they told me my account was not verified and I would have to do the following Level 2 verification:
1. Download a PAD agreement form and fill it out by HAND. Forms must be handwritten. Typed forms will be rejected.
2. Upload an image of your provincial driver’s license or provincial identification card. These are the only 2 forms of ID we accept. IDs with missing edges or corners will be rejected.
3. Upload 3 (THREE) of the following documents:
4. Tax documents mailed to you by the CRA or Revenue Quebec less than 12 months ago (e.g. Notice of Assessment, GST/HST Credit Notice)
5. Utility bill (electricity, gas, water) recent up to 3 months
6. Landline phone, home internet, TV bill recent up to 3 months
7. House insurance certificate for the current period
8. Bank statement recent up to 3 months (statement must be from the bank associated with your CAVIRTEX account)
9. Enter your FULL NAME on the Banking Information page and press update. This name must match the name on the uploaded documents and CANNOT BE CHANGED once your account is verified. You can however change your bank account information but the account must be in your name.
10. Navigate to the Banking Information page, enter your banking information, and confirm your bank account. If you do not confirm your bank account, you will not have access to all deposit and withdraw functions.
12. Once all of the required documents are uploaded, a Verify button will appear. Please press this button to notify our verification team that you are ready to be verified.
13. Update your phone numbers in the Contact Information page and await a call from our Verification team.
I mean why on earth would I want to give them THAT MUCH INFO???!!! 
Is that even normal??
Needless to say I moved all my coins out and stopped using them. I felt I was already a long time customer and then they started asking me for more information than a bank.