@_author: jjrs
@_date: 2013-12-29 16:01:01


Basically, having a fancy named chair and maybe some prizes entitles you to a hearing- no more. It’s a great buzzing hive of commentary out there, so nobody can read everything that someone says; but if a famous intellectual makes a pronouncement, he both should and does get a listen much more easily than someone without the preexisting reputation.
But academic credentials are neither a necessary nor a sufficient condition for having your ideas taken seriously. If a famous professor repeatedly says stupid things, then tries to claim he never said them, there’s no rule against calling him a mendacious idiot- and no special qualifications required to make that pronouncement other than doing your own homework.
--Paul Krugman
@_date: 2013-12-29 14:43:21
Nice touch with the brandy glass.
@_date: 2013-12-29 14:50:41
Yeah, he was reacting to the hype of the time, when the internet was supposed to change EVERYTHING. Put in that perspective, his cynicism seems more reasonable.
He's since admitted he's wrong, but argues that in terms of sheer impact on GDP the internet still hasn't had the same influence on the economy the way other major technological shifts such as oil, automobiles, electrical grids etc did (yet).
@_date: 2013-12-29 14:43:09
(edit- you've edited your comment so that this doesn't make much sense as a reply anymore, but the point should probably still be made-)
No it won't, because most people are still pricing things in dollars in their heads. I know purists want to treat it like a currency in its own right, but most people treat it as an asset and value it in government currency. That's why so many people freak out when it suddenly plummets in value next to the dollar.
If you can keep buying something for $20 in bitcoins even as the price rises or falls, it doesn't change anything, because the currency supply won't create inflation or lead to a recession due to it's scarcity. Everyone's still trading for the same amounts in dollars.
@_date: 2013-12-29 14:46:54


Classic appeal to authority, and saying you'll judge other people's arguments by where they went to school themselves is ad hominem reasoning. 
The irony of that is Krugman is usually the first person to call out that kind of behavior. He always says he thinks the internet should be about who's right and who has the best argument, not where people went to school or what awards they've won.
