@_author: jjthejetplane5657
@_date: 2013-08-20 23:14:06
Is it possible to buy on other exchanges and cash out (in any way) on MtGox?
@_date: 2013-09-13 09:32:01
can point to everyone else who's complaining as their backup. I think BFL has marked items as "shipping" even though they're (obviously) not to prevent people from trying to dispute with PayPal before (don't quote me on that, I've just heard others say that was the case).
BFL has kind of relinquished themselves of benefit of the doubt =P
@_date: 2013-08-21 12:51:19
Does anyone else use Bitcoin for arbitrage?
@_date: 2013-11-28 22:45:48
Where are we now?
@_date: 2013-08-03 17:48:21
Now you have to tell me what kind of malware was on the site and how to fix it..
@_date: 2013-09-12 03:44:21
Really? I think Apple is a pretty terrible company... Not in a rabid Android fan way, I've just always held that they make very good (not great) products despite the fact that they, as a company, have such a shitty attitude.
In addition to the "We know best" attitude with their closed hardware, I can't stand that Apple continually bashes any competitors instead of letting products speak for themselves. Especially in that phase where Apple was trying to eliminate Android via hundreds of ridiculous lawsuits in various countries (which also happened by the way, Germany literally had to tell Apple "Stop, this is ridiculous. Also, you're required by law to put an apology on your website". How's that for a  business practice?), Apples press conferences had more of a "It's cute that Android exists, but it's so bad that anyone is stupid for picking it over iOS which is superior in every way" tone to them. There are tons of quotes of Steve Job and the Apple crew totally publicly bashing Android, and it's more difficult to find quotes from the Android crew saying the same about the iPhone and iOS. Honestly, I don't know that they ever said anything along the lines of "iPhones are a completely inferior product" (publically).. For sure though, if anyone from Android HQ said anything of the sort it's much less frequently than team Apple was bashing on Android. 
There are some adverts from hardware manufacturers that use Android phones to mock iOS/ads for iOS, but I'd say that only half counts. The manufacturers aren't really "Android". Case in point: Motorola made a few ads poking fun at Apple, but no such ads have been produced since Google bought them out. It's more difficult to place the blame "on Android" when one of howevermany manufacturers makes an advert mocking the competition versus Apple who is the developer AND the manufacturer (well, responsible for it).
To give some context to lawsuit example from earlier, here's a short summary of what happened if you didn't know about it: Long story short, Apple was feeling the squeeze on market share from Android so they decided to sue a bunch of notable Android hardware manufacturers over pretty much any hardware patent they had up their sleeves in every single country they could. Don't quote me on this, but I believe this bout of lawsuits was where they tried to sue Samsung on "You stole our patented phone idea: A square with rounded corners and buttons". Like I said, the whole thing was pretty ridiculous and almost nobody was on Apple's side (including a lot of the courts). This wound up delaying the launch of some phones into other countries because.. I'm not sure of the legal term, but the courts imposed a temporary ban on X, Y, Z phone involved in the lawsuit into W country the lawsuit is in. 
All in all, I think Apple has a really shitty attitude as a company and I don't understand why people say "Apple is great". Apple products are fine, Apple the company kind of isn't.. Not that I fault them for thinking they have the best offering on the market, it's just the WAY that Apple goes about projecting their image that bothers me. It doesn't seem to be in a "We put tons of hours and hard work into this product, and now here it is for you" it seems to be more of a "We're geniuses and obviously our product is the most superior on the market, anyone who believes otherwise is misguided".
Also, Macs are overpriced.. I don't like Macs because I can get much better hardware for the price. I get that "creatives" like Macs, but I'm a composer and I do just fine on Windows... Most top shelf software is available for both platforms. The industry standards that I can think of off the top of my head for recording, composing, graphics design, and writing are all cross platform. I guess it used to be true that Macs "are for creatives" back in the day, but that's not so true anymore.. Not that the computers aren't slick, but there's plenty of slick looking Windows computers too. *Shrugs*
At the end of the day there are great products offered from both sides of the war (on the phone and PC fronts), but Steve Jobs was still an asshole and Apple is kind of an annoying company and the products shouldn't suddenly change that.. 
@_date: 2013-09-12 06:52:35
Out.. Out of the whole text wall that's all you got out of it? =[
It depends I guess on what Macbook you're comparing to what laptop. But all of the iMac/desktop things are squashed by other computers in their pricerange. Some other people commented below about the Macbooks/laptop thing. 
@_date: 2013-08-03 17:32:40
Um, you should take the link to ListenToBitcoin out of your post. I clicked on it thinking it was a newsarticle or comment (like the link on "is sold to a scammer), and have now visited the site. 
@_date: 2013-09-06 14:48:27
I don't think you're understanding what these people want to do. They want to buy bitcoins and sell them on eBay, not complete eBay transactions WITH bitcoin.