@_author: jjvonjack
@_date: 2018-01-29 16:01:23
If you don't mind me asking, what API are you using to fetch exchange data? I've built a few (not hosted) web apps for tracking my crypto, but I find the issue is avoiding the request limit cap. Feedback would be a big help, and ofc I'll check out your app right away :D
@_date: 2017-12-19 23:24:37
Wow, I'd heard the hype about LN, but the instant erection feature works perfectly! Can we please have this on mainnet first quarter 2018 &lt;3
@_date: 2017-08-04 10:46:10
For those of you claiming this is because of legal action... Isn't it more likely that they looked at the BCC futures market, saw that BCC was valued at 300-500 USD, thought "oh hey everybody is going to get BCC, insta-sell that for USD on our system, and we will go bankrupt. How about we wait for the mass sell off and stabilisation of BCC before introducing the currency to our system."
I don't have any evidence for this, but it seems odd that within a few days of the fork happening, that a few internet trolls have legally pressured CB into changing their policy. Especially since they put out public announcements well in advance of the fork.
@_date: 2017-08-21 10:51:44
You missed out the first 2 steps:
* First, as small group of wealthy people create your own currency 
 
* Then you pump it to the moon with your fiat on Korean exchanges in an attempt to draw miners across
* Then they ignore you...
(just look at the top 3)
 
@_date: 2017-08-21 09:09:57
Hey, I'm the original image creator (believe it or not), so I thought I'd share my justification. You are right, "I am not a better person for trashing other ideas". However, I think I am for trashing THIS idea. 
When I joined the Cryptosphere everyone was talking about security, ownership, control, inflation-prevention and decentralisation. This message resonated with me. This message can take many forms, and does so outside of BTC. I'm a big fan of what XMR is doing for example. The message and goal of crypto can also deviate from those principles in cases like Rippel.
My issue with BCH is as follows :
* This is a coin created by a limited number of powerful people that nobody else asked for
* It has (roughly) an 80% mining share owned by "unknown" meaning it may well be open to 51% attacks, and rollbacks by single party members. This is a principle I disagree with and think will hurt people. It's like having a bank, but the bank doesn't pay you interest, and you do not know who they are.
* It appears to me that these same people are pumping the currency to make it more profitable and drive people away from BTC. Do you not find it strange that the currency was tripled in price in a few hours, and only had volume on fiat trading on 3 Korean markets? There are even reddit posts of members of large BTC holders saying they are considering this approach to steal miners away from BTC.
* The 8mb approach (big block style) I don't think is a real solution to scaling, it's kick the can down the road. That's fine, however it leads to larger orphaning and more centralisation into large companies (like the one that made this coin)
* This last point is a little petty, but using the Bitcoin name, having an almost identical given all of the context I've mentioned, makes it feel even more like an attempt for a small number of people to take over bitcoin. 
TL;DR : this feels and looks like an attack on the principles and value of bitcoin. It looks like morally dubious approach that seeks to make profit, not make "better crypto". If your crypto is great, you don't need to hardfork BTC, and you don't need to pump the shit out of it. Just let people adopt it in parallel with BTC. I support XMR, I used to support ETH, I support Litecoin in the extent that it is a testing ground.
@_date: 2017-11-14 16:06:15
Oh wow I didn't realise the hashing power dip, mempool spike and price drop were because of bitcoin gold, glad we got MSM reporters filling us in! Clearly BCash had nothing to do with this!
Oh and damn it I new those BTC ICO's I was investing into were a bad idea... 
@_date: 2015-11-29 01:38:33
Holy shit Norwich! was the last place I expected to see my city of study...