@_author: jkgentry
@_date: 2013-02-22 08:55:21
Lets say you're on the playground and have a bag of Snickers minis. It's hard to quantitatively find the value of these candies without other goods to trade and other kids to trade with. But that's okay, you can find enjoyment from these Snickers all by yourself.
Now lets say some other kid, Casssandra, comes up to you, interested in your Snickers. Assuming you 5 year olds aren't carrying dinero, you can either give Cassandra some of your Snickers, or trade her for something she has that you would find equally or even more enjoyable than eating the Snickers yourself (or putting it to some other use a 5 year old might find worthy, like playing with ants). 
Lets say Cassandra has a bag M&amp;M's, she offers you one in exchange for a Snickers mini. Now, you might be friends with Cassandra, and might have even offered her a Snickers for free, but now she's just insulting your intelligence. Apparently, you gotta prove mama didn't raise no fool around here. You ask for 2 M&amp;M's in exchange for a Snickers. 
This goes on indefinitely, with the "price" of M&amp;m's being voluntarily agreed upon by all involved parties. Just two of you. Now you get used to thinking of price in terms of Snickers, since that's what you use to make purchases.
Jamie, overhearing your willingness to depart with his favorite candy bar for just 2 M&amp;M's, of which he has many, interjects and offers you 3. The "price" of M&amp;M's has just fallen. After all, you're not going to trade with Cassandra as long as she continues her measly original offer of 2M&amp;M's/Snickers mini deal. Or you do, that's your business. But on the playground's open market, you or any other kid, could easily receive 3. That sets the "price." 
What if Cassandra decides she can indeed part with 4 M&amp;M's for each Snickers, and counters with this higher offer? That again adjusts (decreases in this case) the price of M&amp;M's. Seeing she is willing to part with more of her M&amp;M's to secure a Snickers, you'd likely look back to Jamie to find out if a mini is worth more to him than Cassandra's most recent offer. You eventually find the highest number of M&amp;M's one of them is willing to part with for 1 of your minis. (Actually, you find the exchange rate just above what any other M&amp;M holder was willing to sell for.) Finding the highest number of M&amp;M's you can purchase from any willing party, balanced by the M&amp;M kids' finding who is willing to trade the most Snickers/M&amp;M determines the market price.
I've kept the number of participants in this playground economy to a minimum for simplicity's sake. However, as you may imagine, the number of goods and services which could be traded as more kids discover the market creates a much more dynamic and interesting system. 
Let's say Andy, who has more Snickers than he knows what to do with also decides to start trading. Having no M&amp;M's at all, or M&amp;M's being his favorite, or whatever his personal reason, is willing to trade his Snickers for 2 less M&amp;M's than you were previously trading for. This raises the price for M&amp;M's on the open market (in terms of Snickers) since it now takes more of your Snickers bars (your "money") to buy the same amount of M&amp;M's. The price for M&amp;M's has increased and conversely, the value of your Snickers (currency) has decreased. This could be compared to inflation, where the supply of your currency, or trading good, increases. This makes each unit of that currency less valuable since its now easier to obtain.
Ultimately, the value of any currency comes from what it can purchase, with it's value against other commodities and/or currencies being a reflection of that purchasing power. 
If, suddenly, you kids find the taste of candy repulsive; conducting insect experiments with it boring; and can not make any other use of the stuff, the candy would become useless and lose much if not all of it's value. There are other factors affecting currency value like transaction costs, but mostly, money is designed or chosen, to minimize these.
Currently, there are relatively limited options on what Bitcoin can actually purchase as compared to cash. Nor can you can't eat it. The Bitcoin market in terms of participants is also quite small. Because of this, the price of Bitcoins is heavily influenced by futures trading, where people use the currency to store value. Individuals buy and sell Bitcoin based on their what they think is in their best interest. 
Bought some Bitcoins for $10 a piece but think the price has reached it's peak? Sell your Bitcoin to cash in on it's increased value. Think it's price will keep climbing? Buy some (more) while it's still cheap!
This could be analogous to Derek (new player) buying a lot of M&amp;M's only because he sees there's always kids coming to the playground who are willing to trade what they have for M&amp;M's. The more kids who want them, the more valuable they become. Even though he may not particularly like them himself, the value of those M&amp;M's will increase if more kids decide they want them. This increases the purchasing power of the M&amp;M's and allows him to purchase more of what he really wants. Of course, if later arrives, and he finds kids are only willing to pay minimal prices for M&amp;M's, his plan backfires and he has to eat his mistake. 
Hope this helps.
@_date: 2013-04-11 04:22:52
I did this today too. My first time, not being able to use coinbase . Really made me realize how easy this is could be for people with limited access to traditional financial services. Sending money back home is about to get a lot cheaper. This "crash" taught me a lot. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 05:06:25
That figures. Short sighted diversion of resources toward enrolling customers, rather than supporting existing ones.
@_date: 2013-04-11 04:36:14
As time passes, you'll learn not to judge your investment on a day to day basis. 
@_date: 2013-05-21 03:19:00
They roughly go by the current exchange rate on mt. gox, but round in their own favor. You'll get probably about 85% of funds you would expect in a direct exchange.
@_date: 2013-04-11 04:33:37
Also went through bitinstant. The process was simple once you accepted that the process it was as simple as it seemed. Funds showed up before I got home, a 4 min walk. This was around 1600 MST. 