@_author: jl235
@_date: 2014-08-31 05:24:23
PHP gets a lot of hate because it has a long series of oddities, quirks, gotchas, and things being built in a half assed way. The last one has also caused it to have a lot of overlapping features.
For example take error reporting. Some bits in the standard library use error return codes, some have functions you have to call to check if an error occurred, but it also uses exceptions, errors (for which there are different kinds), and in some parts API calls can cause a segmentation fault (PHP crashes, and it's allowed to crash and fall over). Each of these in turn have their own quirks, for example with error codes you had the whole 'E_ALL' and 'E_ACTUALLY_ALL' error reporting levels for a while.
Look at pretty much any other language and they will typically try to use just 1 error reporting mechanism everywhere, *and stick to it*.
I use error reporting as one example, but you can find this kind of design *everywhere*. Pick any part of PHP or it's standard libraries, and you'll find quirks and places where they have messed up the implementation.
I've used PHP quite a lot, and to the point where it's now the only language I don't like using. There is nothing to stop you using PHP, and there is nothing to stop you doing a good job. However that doesn't mean it's nice to use or not quirky, and tbh these days there are tonnes of better alternatives.
@_date: 2015-08-01 10:21:07
No, real short selling done correctly is not gambling. It's not put lock or taking a punt on how the market will move.It's based on analysing the market and understanding why it is moving the way it is. This guy probably didn't understand why Bitcoin was going up. Not in the detail needed to make real educated decisions.
@_date: 2015-04-09 21:23:41


@_date: 2015-04-08 20:22:18
I think it's certain to fail. The big thing is that the rest of the world will just pass Bitcoin by.
When I lived in Hong Kong I saw most of the practical benefits of Bitcoin better implemented in alternatives. I could have money put onto my Octopus card automatically. That sits in my wallet. From just the tap of my wallet (don't even have to open it) I could use vending machines, buy clothes, go to restaurants (not just McDonalds either), buy from the super market, and so on. Tbh apart from premium stores and really low-end ones, it was pretty rare somewhere didn't accept Octopus.
I could transfer money to friends and pay my bills at an ATM. Friends of mine who worked across multiple countries in banking had staff banking accounts that allowed them to transfer money without charges and the process was trivial. You can also buy/sell shares from your account in HK.
This was about 5 or 6 years ago.
The big thing though is there is no second currency. This was done with the HK dollar. It's done in a limited fashion with the pound with the Oyster card, and now with the new cards that have been rolling out from the banks.
Why mention this? Well the main benefits I see for Bitcoin are ...
 * some digital-practical benefits which are blown out of the water by the alternative systems out there
 * get rich quick rich investment which will just explode as a bubble or blow over
 * wanting to avoid financial regulation to perform something illegal
I can see Bitcoin continuing for illegal activities. I don't mean the drugs and stolen IDs, but in countries with pretty shitty and untrustworthy banking systems this is useful. Now most people reading this will be like *"like those in the west"*, but actually western banks are nothing compared to the local banks of Pakistan, or Indonesia, or another emerging market. Also in countries where people don't even trust the currency, like Zimbabwe. Those places however will mature and as they do the corruption will fall, the currencies will get fixed, and so the need for Bitcoin will be reduced.
A 4th factor I'd like to add in is that most Bitcoiners like to hate on financial regulation. However there is a lot of useful stuff in it which you miss out on with Bitcoin. That'll get worse as Bitcoin gets bigger and is already hurting a lot of users.
For example lets say I buy a new car ... but it doesn't arrive. If I used my credit card to pay then I can go to the bank, tell them I was mis-sold, and they are legally required to cover the cost. *Legally required*. Even if I only paid £500 of the car by card (say a deposit), and £20,000 by cheque for the rest, the card company still covers the whole £20,500 cost. *Legally required*. And yes that system does work, and yes people do get their credit covered or money returned. You don't even have to go to the retailer first.
Is it painless? No. But you do get the money back.
Now lets say I paid in Bitcoins. Well I can go on Reddit and make a post about *"DON'T BUY CARS FROM X"*. That's about it. I'm still out of pocket.
That's why I believe Bitcoin will fail.
@_date: 2015-04-08 19:47:30
and then something that is fine in one country but rejected by those big evil pharmaceutical-loving regulators in the US, will be sold on there. Like Thalidomide.
Holy shit this is a catastrophe waiting to happen.
@_date: 2015-04-09 17:25:42
I'm not talking about access today.
In the past Thalidomide was legal in some (most?) European countries but was blocked in the US. In hindsight it should have been blocked everywhere due to a lack of understanding about it's side effects.
It turned out that if you gave it to pregnant women then their kids were born with very severe birth defects. Thousands of kids were born with defects due to Thalidomide. If we knew about the side effects then it could have been given only to non-pregnant individuals. We didn't know.
It isn't about access. It's about having a thorough understanding of medication before it's put on sale. That's why it was blocked in the US due to a lack of trials.
You need regulation to test it, not a market place willing to bypass trials. You need a doctor and a pharmacist to check you know the side effects, not a rating system and google.
For example I take a pill each day which is potentially lethal if mixed with certain over the counter nutritional supplements. That's why this shit matters.
@_date: 2015-04-09 01:06:13
What a straw man argument.
Replace "car" with "washing machine", and "20,000" with "200" and the point still stands. Financial regulation beats having none at all.
@_date: 2013-12-21 03:37:17
Yes, currencies often deflate. There are probably currencies which are in deflation right now.
The problem is this happens after a large economic crash, or when the government is in need of altering it's economy to artificially reduce prices (Britain went through a period of inflation to finance WW1, and then a period of deflation whilst restoring it's economy). Japan has had 20 years of deflation, zero growth, and ultra-low inflation; that has not been positive on their economy.
No major currency sees deflation as a good thing.
@_date: 2013-12-21 07:46:04
I don't have a problem with you using Bitcoin.
I just have a problem with the reasoning you put forth. That's all I'm arguing against.
@_date: 2013-11-15 07:56:54
It's actually much more complicated than that. For example from the test done in the UK ...


So it may be that 90% of notes have never been directly used for drugs, but have been placed next to ones which have.
@_date: 2013-12-21 07:56:36
Because that is usually caused through booms and busts, which are bad.
@_date: 2013-12-21 03:45:07


The point of quantitive easing, is to avoid deflation. It's to avoid *exactly* what Bitcoin is doing.
They do not want to see a graph like Bitcoins, at all, in any way. That's why there is quantitative easing. I cannot stress that enough.
It is then pure arrogance to presume that somehow Bitcoin has solved the system, and that most major central banks are just wrong by implementing QE.
@_date: 2013-04-12 08:59:56
It depends on the rate of deflation. If it's slow enough, and steady, then it will be unnoticeable for day to day use. You will only notice the change over long periods of time. If Bitcoin suffers from hyper deflation, then yes, that would encourage people to hoard the currency, drying up liquidity.
If you compare it to inflation, even though your money you have right now, is slowly worth less and less over time, it's not an issue when it's small. Essentially it's slow enough, that you don't notice it for day to day use, and do it doesn't erode confidence in the currency. It's only when inflation gets out of control, that people start wanting to get rid of their cash, because they can notice how quickly it's losing it's value.