@_author: jlg222000
@_date: 2015-06-10 16:10:55
What happened to BitReserve's former compliance officer, Juan Llanos? 
@_date: 2014-07-22 16:01:18
I think intra-bitcurrency transfers on Bitreserve use the bitcoin network.  One of the Bitreserve developers was on reddit a few weeks ago and stated: "every card in your Bitreserve wallet has a bitcoin address allowing you to send and receive value from that card via the bitcoin network." So I think that when you send your bitdollars to another Bitreserve member, this would be recorded on the bitcoin network.  
@_date: 2014-07-09 06:38:42
Thanks for your helpful info.  Why does Bitreserve use bitcurrencies instead of actual currencies?  In other words, why not allow a user to deposit bitcoins into his account at Bitreserve and exchange them into dollars (instead of bitdollars)? 
@_date: 2014-07-09 05:58:26
Some benefits of Bitreserve: First, if you want to hold on to bitcoin because you intend to spend it at some point as bitcoin, then Bitreserve enables you to do so and both (i) preserve the bitcoin value relative to fiat currency, and (ii) not incur bitcoin-fiat exchange fees.  You can't do both of these on Coinbase.  A merchant using Coinbase's Instant Exchange can preserve the bitcoin value relative to fiat currencies but at the cost of getting rid of the bitcoins and incurring the ~1% exchange fee. 
The second benefit of Bitreserve may be realized if it can attract enough people and merchants.  This benefit is almost independent of bitcoins.  Bitreserve allows free payments within the same "bitcurrency" (for example, bitdollars to bitdollars, or biteuros to biteuros).  So you could send 500 bitdollars to an online merchant (who must also have a Bitreserve account) without transaction fees, in contrast to Paypal or Visa.  The personal payments on Paypal are free, but Bitreserve would extend this concept to customer-merchant transactions using their bitcurrencies. 
        
@_date: 2014-07-09 06:18:46
There are some aspects of Bitreserve that I don't get: (1) why use "bitcurrencies" instead of actual fiat currencies?  If you deposit bitcoins into your account at Bitreserve and then exchange those bitcoins into bitdollars, Bitreserve converts those bitcoins into dollars behind the scenes (charging the user an exchange fee).  The customer doesn't have the actual dollars for which has bitcoins have been traded.  Instead, he has his bitdollars that can only be transferred or spent within Bitreserve's network.
I guess the reason for Bitreserve's use of bitcurrencies (as opposed to actual currencies) is that Bitreserve's use of bitcurrencies enables Bitreserve to use the actual money into which the bitcoins have been converted in order to establish financial positions that cover its risk for guaranteeing against bitcoin's volatility.  