@_author: jlovisa
@_date: 2016-03-26 23:59:29


You are absolutely right. In this system though, that sufficient detail is specified at many many levels, live during a build. And each of the vendors who translate those specifications into lower-level specifications were *extensively vetted* by their own developer-owner before being deployed. In this way, "buggy corner cases" are checked for at every single level of abstraction, cumulatively, *prior* to a build taking place. 
A needle in a haystack is not so hard to find when every straw is manned. 


You're right in that the monetisation scheme was not the dealbreaker for this technology. However, it *was* a problem - somehow paying fractions of a cent per contract, possibly thousands of times a day - that was 'fixed' when Bitcoin came along. Thank-you Satoshi!
@_date: 2016-03-27 00:52:52
Good points. 
Whilst there are certain layers of the supply-chain where current developers will have an advantage (foundation, data and some of system), it is the behaviour layer where things get interesting. Developers and non-developers alike are on somewhat of a level playing field in the behaviour layer in terms of previous experience and expertise. This layer is where the application-specific requirements are captured and translated into lower-level contracts. 
@_date: 2016-03-22 23:21:07
All good. A bit of humour never hurt anyone :). 
@_date: 2016-03-27 00:46:08
It is a privilege to be compared with a decentralised system, but that is where the similarities end. This is an *automated*, *recursive*, decentralised software development system.
@_date: 2016-03-26 23:45:59
Please give us more credit than that. The 'pyramid' image you see is the hierarchical structure of contracts that is activated every single time a program is built using this system.
@_date: 2016-03-28 05:49:34
Out of curiosity, why do you think it looks like a scam? Just because of the 'pyramid' images? They are pretty accurate infographics of the technology in action. The secret to naturally protecting the IP of a developer lies in the recursive nature of the entire supply-chain, and avoiding graphical representations of this for the sake of preventing assumptions of pyramid schemes and multi-level marketing amongst skeptical readers would mean we avoid explaining how the technology actually works!
@_date: 2016-03-27 00:32:28


Just to clarify, we are claiming that this technology has the *potential* to surpass current methods (in terms of both productivity of the design process itself and the efficiency of the resulting product, the program). On the very front page of our site we state that "It will take some time before the network becomes profitable, before it can compete with current methods."
The main reason this type of development process has the *potential* to surpass existing methods is this;
As long as current methods have to push parameters across a run-time interface, they can never truly approach optimal solutions. At some point, high in the levels of abstraction, a program can drown in its glue code. This process eliminates glue code altogether by pushing all of that contextual-dependency into design-time (the point at which a build goes through). This is what allows this system to *scale* so beautifully, and allows it to (still theoretically, at present) approach optimal software solutions (and at the same time, protect the IP of each developer). 


Cute? It's not vapourware...


Of course. Does that 280-line web server have front-end executable content? Is it custom-designed for its precise intended run-time purpose (again, with accompanying customised js)?
A web server is the tip of the iceberg.


Your choice of programming language leaves much to be desired, but you make a valid point. Only time will tell whether this method is deemed any "good" by the developer community. We have had some very impressive requests for invites to our beta release, which means the caliber of first-movers is high, making for a promising start to the marketplace. You're welcome to apply also, but based on your comments, I suspect you won't. Not to worry, just sit back and enjoy the view. 
edit: removed 'name,' updated 'HLL' with 'programming language' 
@_date: 2016-03-27 08:39:14
I appreciate your honesty. 
I'm a member of Code Valley's development team, and I hope I can dispel your impression that this may be a scam.


The product - the Principal, the tool for tapping into the supply-chain to build a vendor (or other software) - is actually *free* for the Whitney and Ford release phases, which could unfold over quite some period of time (they are milestone-driven, rather than schedule-driven). 
We have been as open as we can so far; we have released out [whitepaper]( demonstrated a program built using the software ([our site and backend server]( provided extensive [documentation]( outlining how the technology works, and provided [demos of expressions]( of acceptance test programs which show the technology in action. We will be releasing an expression of a vendor itself in the lead-up to release.  
There is a very important reason for releasing in [private beta]( initially; when this marketplace is in full swing, it will function beautifully as vendors have accrued favourable reputations, and as relationships between clients and suppliers have been cultivated. On day one, there is zero trust. For this reason, we need serious and motivated participants - those who can make a worthwhile contribution to the supply-chain (and reap the long-term benefits for being first-movers). 
It comes down to a causality dilemma that the software world is all too familiar with; how do you get a system reliant upon trusted relationships and public metrics up and running in the absence of trusted relationships and without any metrics (since all network participants are new)?
@_date: 2016-03-27 01:04:20


It solves a long-standing problem in software development. And look how far they've come with such a pervasive underlying problem! Think of the efficiency gains, and new complexity heights that could be reached with it fixed.
Finally, developers can be directly *paid* for the quality of their contributions, and paid *every single time* they contribute to a new program built by the system. 
As an end-user, you could one day soon choose exactly how you want your operating system to look and feel; what features you want it to have, what features you *don't* want it to have etc. And it will have seamless UI/UX because it was all designed *at the same time* by experts all over the world. 
@_date: 2016-03-26 23:50:32


Exactly! That is the exact mechanism by which the intellectual property of every vendor is protected in this system. Your vendor contracts slightly lower-level suppliers, knowing *what* they will do, but not *how* they do it. These suppliers do the same, and so on.
We have revealed plenty; we have a whitepaper which nobody has yet been able to refute, we have evidence of the technology's existence and efficacy (see our website), we have provided screencast demos showing a developer testing vendors' design-contributions, and we are currently accepting requests for invites to our private beta release. 
In the lead-up to this release, we will be posting some screencasts that show the actual expression of sample vendors (yes, revealing their 'IP'). 
@_date: 2016-03-27 01:14:41
Download the client? It is not available yet. However, [we are currently accepting requests for invites]( to the [first phase of release]( which will take place in private beta. 
@_date: 2016-03-22 16:43:11
For those of you not already aware, [our site]( (and backend server) was built using these vendors. Check out the page source if you're curious - it isn't quite human-readable, because it doesn't need to be! We built this site from requirements by contracting 8 high-level behaviour vendors from the marketplace. These vendors contracted other vendors who contracted other vendors and so on. (In total, over 700,000 contracts criss-crossed the marketplace, *many* of them ultimately going to foundation vendors, who are responsible for placing bytes. Their contract fee is in order of satoshis.)
But may have noticed our site is a little strange, a little rough around the edges.
And here is the kicker. We are not web experts. Our web design vendors currently have the luxury of being the only vendors in existence - we *must* contract them, to build a 'simple' website because we used 'simple' vendors. (If you are claiming you have a new method for building software, better to ['walk the talk']( and build your own site using the new method, no?)
There are countless developers out there with the web design knowledge and expertise to be able to build better vendors, vendors that could easily win market-share from our own set. And [we look forward to the day]( when these vendors will soon exist. On that day, we will happily rebuild our site anew, and be delivered a far superior version. Every vendor who contributed to that build will be paid. And rightly so. 
This entire system is 'pay-per-use' of *expertise*. Every time a program is built, the experts who helped design it get paid (in bitcoin of course).
@_date: 2016-03-27 02:35:21
Cheers :). 
@_date: 2016-03-26 23:43:41
* Our [webserver (with frontend content)]( was built using the technology itself. Check out the pagesource if you're curious to see how the js looks when produced by a system of hundreds of collaborating programs (each one built by a developer).
* We have screencasts of the acceptance test process that a developer goes through to test their vendor's design-contribution available [here](
(This technology has been in development for over a decade (Code Valley was incorporated in 2000). What idiots pitching a pyramid scheme would wait 10 years to do so?)
Please, what claims have we made that cannot be backed up? 
@_date: 2016-03-26 23:47:31
Nice work. Not many people recognise the significance of this. 
We achieved proof-of-concept 3 years ago, when we built a vendor program using the supply-chain (rather than writing code using conventional HLLs). We have been using the supply-chain to extend the supply-chain ever since.
@_date: 2016-03-28 05:45:32
Your skepticism is more than understandable. I do hope you get a chance to check it out, and please don't hesitate to pass along your feedback. 
@_date: 2016-03-26 23:44:31
We are proposing an alternate system of development, which borrows little from current methods. 
@_date: 2016-03-14 00:59:30
You might notice that the program built by contracting 'webserver' looks very similar to [our site]( We built our site (and backend server) the same way - by contracting vendors from the top levels of the supply-chain. 
@_date: 2016-03-23 05:01:54
It's not a killer app yet. It will be the community that decides whether there is a 'killer' in there. 
@_date: 2016-12-21 23:33:08
If you want to take the world compiler for a spin, here are some template expressions. Simply open the one you want and hit 'Build.' You'll need your bitcoin wallet handy... the agents you will contract will request a few cents worth of bitcoin.
Build a program that runs on a Linux OS:
[Hello World]( (0.004 **m**BTC)
[Text reverser]( (0.0325 mBTC)
[Fibonacci calculator]( (0.151 mBTC)
Build a program that runs in a browser:
[Hello World]( (0.01775 mBTC)
[Text reverser]( (0.07455 mBTC)
[Fibonacci calculator]( (0.0559 mBTC)
@_date: 2016-12-15 01:47:34
For those that are interested, here's a quick [3 min demo]( showing how a hive compiler was triggered to create a summation program. I paid about 14c worth of bitcoin to the agents who delivered me the program.
If you like, you can take it for a spin yourself [here]( (Template expressions are available under File --&gt; New.)
@_date: 2015-08-28 13:03:50
In what may be perceived as somewhat ironic, many people operate under a misconception that a decentralised system is a non-hierarchical one, when in fact the very success of a decentralised system is (to some extent) reliant upon a hierarchical distribution of information transfer (nodes --&gt; miners --&gt; end-users etc.). 
@_date: 2015-08-20 02:53:32
I loved your 'pit crew vs. beer cup hat' analogy - you certainly have a way with words. 
I wonder if I could get your opinion on the comment Rusty made regarding the generalised list of requirements (listed below) that he considers necessary in order to "make Lightning Networks a reality"? 
1.	A soft-fork is required, to protect against malleability and to allow new signature modes.
2.	A new peer-to-peer protocol needs to be designed for the lightning network, including routing.
3.	Blame and rating systems are needed for lightning network nodes.  You don’t have to trust them, but it sucks if they go down as your money is probably stuck until the timeout.
4.	More refinements (eg. relative OP_CHECKLOCKTIMEVERIFY) to simplify and tighten timeout times.
5.	Wallets need to learn to use this, with UI handling of things like timeouts and fallbacks to the bitcoin network (sorry, your transaction failed, you’ll get your money back in N days).
6.	You need to be online every 40 days to check that an old HTLC hasn’t leaked, which will require some alternate solution for occasional users (shut down channel, have some third party, etc).
7.	A server implementation needs to be written.
@_date: 2015-08-30 10:46:37
I did say it appears 'ironic' :). 
@_date: 2016-02-02 00:02:33
You're so close. 
How many tasks can you make a person responsible for before they are out of their depth? What if you had an automated way to somehow co-ordinate a group of specialists (each an expert in their own right)? Do you think their work product would be superior?
@_date: 2016-02-17 01:30:50
Noel will be answering that very question at the upcoming Blockchain San Francisco conference on 7th March. 
This marketplace of developers is currently very small, and therefore cannot build many different types of software... yet. The very first type of software the market will go after is a 'Bitcoin market-vertical.' It is our goal to empower the Bitcoin community with this technology, and then let the community take over. Just like Bitcoin, its strength is in numbers. 
@_date: 2016-02-02 00:41:33
Great to hear, and thanks for keeping an open mind. 
@_date: 2016-02-02 00:02:06
That's the spirit.
@_date: 2016-02-12 09:53:15
We have now released an [example]( of a design-contribution. You may find it of interest.
@_date: 2016-02-14 09:45:59
You're right - until now, there appear to be limited business cases for microtransactions. However, you may want to check out the following...
[This technology]( relies on a marketplace of vendors who are hierarchically contracted to contribute to the design of software programs. These vendors all transact exclusively using bitcoin. One program could require hundreds of thousands of contracts against vendors. If the vendors contracted at the top of the hierarchy cost a few bitcoin, those contracted right at the bottom may cost a few satoshis. It is simply not practical to settle each of those tiny transactions with the blockchain. Micropayments would appear to be a perfect solution, no? 
@_date: 2016-02-17 08:09:27
Noel wanted to emerge only after achieving proof-of-concept and securing the substantial credibility that that entails. It just so happens that on this journey to proof-of-concept, while we were assessing the best way to monetise a global marketplace of vendors, Bitcoin emerged and (as Noel says) "it was like the heavens opened and a perfect monetisation scheme descended." A supply-chain fuelled by the blockchain makes a compelling combination.
@_date: 2016-02-02 00:01:49
Cheers. An ELI5 will be posted shortly.
@_date: 2016-02-02 00:02:52
Your enthusiasm is fantastic. You could have an important role to play in this software revolution. Stay tuned.
@_date: 2016-02-17 01:05:32
This technology has been in the pipeline for over a decade. [We]( have only recently emerged from 'stealth mode.' 
We have created a decentralised marketplace for software expertise, and a way for developers to benefit from the expertise of other developers without being privy to *how* that expertise is carried out. If you think that sounds impossible, please feel free to read through the documentation and take a look at the videos on our site (which, incidentally was built using this marketplace, backend server included).
When this marketplace is released to to the public, other developers will be able to join and earn coin for their expertise. Every single trade is made exclusively using bitcoin. 
@_date: 2016-02-01 11:55:56
At present, there is no true way to earn bitcoin that doesn't have some hidden (and often instantaneous) bitcoin-fiat conversion occurring behind the scenes. You pay your contractor in bitcoin, they exchange it for fiat. 
But what if your contractor's expenses were all paid in bitcoin? And that contractor had other contractors who only dealt with bitcoin? A closed-loop environment such as this is just what we are intending to bring to bitcoin (whilst only lightly loading the blockchain).
Code Valley technology is an entirely new method of developing software; one that doesn't require small groups of developers, but is instead capable of harnessing the expertise of thousands of developers to build a single software program. Software programs are built in minutes by this 'supply-chain' of software developers who all transact exclusively using bitcoin. In the supply-chain, one spends bitcoin to deliver their expertise (which is an amalgamation of others' expertise), and is also paid in bitcoin for that expertise (with a tidy little profit margin in between, of course!).
There is no denying that we are making some provocative statements (and have received [responses in kind]( but we hope that you can put your initial incredulity and pre-judgement aside before making your assessment of this technology. Feel free to have a read through the documentation on [our site]( which is continuously updated based on (welcome) feedback from the community.
We are proposing a decentralised marketplace for software expertise. There is only one logical monetisation scheme that can match such an ambitious proposal; *bitcoin*.
[Welcome to the design-domain.](
@_date: 2016-02-17 08:11:35
Your feedback is much appreciated.
This site (and backend server) was actually built using this marketplace of vendors. We 'gave' our requirements to top-level vendors in the marketplace, and they designed the site for us. We can easily go back and tweak a few vendor designs and hit 'rebuild.' The program returned to us will then satisfy your requirements :). 
Do you mind clarifying what you mean by the site "*should* be responsive"? (We have tested it on a range of devices and it appeared to render acceptably.)
edit: emphasised
@_date: 2016-02-02 00:32:49
You are incorrect. We have not re-invented linking, nor do vendors sell object files or libraries. Vendors sell design-contributions (which naturally affords intellectual property protection). If vendors were simply selling object files or libraries as you assert, their first sale would kill prospects for repeat business. This principle is well-detailed in the [whitepaper]( It is this [broken transaction]( - killing prospects for repeat business at the first sale - that has prevented a software industrial revolution from ever occurring!
@_date: 2016-02-02 00:00:52
You are on the right track.


We get that a lot. The chain of people you refer to is actually a chain of vendors (automated developers, essentially). So logistically, when the entire process is automated, it only takes a few minutes to complete.


You're also correct in your understanding that if each vendor was paid 1 cent, the project would cost $5,000. But, let me ask you this: in a highly complex design of a bridge, is the Principal contractor paid the same amount as the contractor who pours the concrete for foundations? What if you take it further? Out of the total cost of the bridge, how much do you think the quarry from which the aggregate for that concrete was sourced would get paid? So, in your analogy, only a few sets of vendors may be paid 1 cent. Top-level vendors might be paid a fraction of a bitcoin. Foundation vendors will be paid a few satoshis. The website certainly does not cost $5,000 to build.


You're right - you don't, if you are trying to convince them to carry out that task *manually*. But if they had a program that would do the task for them, and was capable of carrying out thousands of contracts a day, automatically on their behalf, do you think it would take much convincing? 
@_date: 2015-09-15 23:45:31
Yes, the quality of the published articles will depend heavily upon the integrity of the reviewers. Hopefully the bar has already been set quite high by the editors. 
@_date: 2016-10-02 23:25:12


There is no centralised repository because there is no 'source' to speak of. At present, we do build and host users' Vendors in the cloud marketplace because doing so allows us to significantly reduce the cost of building a Vendor, allowing developers to more easily get up and running. If you take a look at the phases of release in our [Docs]( you'll notice we are progressing towards a completely decentralised system, where developers control where their Vendors are run (whether it be on local hardware, or in a cloud of their choosing). 


We collect a fee every time a Vendor is built since we are using our own Vendors to build their Vendor. However, like I said, this fee is significantly lower than what it will cost a user to build a Vendor post-McIlroy (when the system is completely decentralised). We do not collect fees for people listing Vendors... publishing fees actually go back to the users in the system. If you want more details on how this works, you should check out the FAQ "How does this system solve the namespace pollution problem?" in our Docs. 


Like I said, we shoulder the hosting at present simply to allow developers to get up and running faster. But our goal is to see this system become completely decentralised, and that is what we will assist the community to work towards during Whitney, Ford and McIlroy. 
@_date: 2015-09-05 09:38:02
I am very intrigued by your two comments: 




I understand that you presented these ideas in a loose conceptual form, but I would be very interested in a more detailed explanation (in particular, of point 1) if you would be open to providing one. 
@_date: 2016-10-01 03:19:30
Have you had a chance to check out the 'How it works' [video]( 
@_date: 2015-09-16 11:51:40
I happen to work with two of the most brilliant software minds I have ever come across, and I can assure you, your assessment of them is incorrect.
With regards to your assessment of the technology, allow me to leave you with this hint: take a look at the page source.
@_date: 2016-10-01 03:18:23
That's a little hyperbolic. You simply need to fill out a small [form]( 
The main reason for the currently 'closed' nature of the marketplace is actually for the benefit of developers; having a developer sign up in such a fashion prevents 'tyre-kickers' from gaining access to the marketplace so easily. This means that once you're in, you can be assured of the integrity of other users who are also currently building Vendors. When the marketplace is so young, and reputations are still being cultivated, this assurance is key. 
@_date: 2016-10-02 01:32:10
How is it a closed system? 
It is completely open. Developers create Vendors which are advertised in the Valley, a global repository listing all Vendors currently open for business. Vendors can earn coin. Vendors can compete. 
@_date: 2016-05-17 10:03:09
Very concise and well-articulated description of the differences of the two. Nice work.
@_date: 2015-10-14 04:48:08
Agreed. Have you any experience in this area, out of curiosity?
@_date: 2015-10-14 04:42:23
After over a year of a 'bear market,' haven't we earned the right to jump on a bit of good news? :)
@_date: 2016-07-06 09:36:05
You should check out [codevalley]( You could capture your valuable knowledge in Vendors (that you own and control) and get paid every time another developer uses your knowledge.
@_date: 2017-06-04 04:14:27
I find your commuting-idea very intriguing. Have you given it any more thought? 
The concept of outsourcing the 'problem' that miners must solve to a dynamically changing TSP is novel, and potentially sidesteps the 'insourced' nature of the hash problem that miners currently solve. You've shifted the solution process to one of connectivity rather than computation cycles, which does appear to nullify the hardware multiplier advantage. Right now, loosely speaking, more computer chips per node equates to more profits. Instead, you're saying that more *nodes* would equate to more profits (something that theoretically aligns far better with Bitcoin's core decentralisation principles). 
You mentioned the problem of "wealthy attackers (who are not deterred by the "participation fee") spinning up many nodes and fabricating simulations of non-existent network sections by simulating and reporting false ping times." I wonder if this might not actually be possible, due to the fact that the TSP solutions must be verifiable, which means the network topology state must be etched into the blockchain. This is the tricky part, as far as I can tell. There needs to be a way to verify the authenticity of a node for topology recording purposes. Solving this might bypass the possibility of those wealthy attackers fabricating simulations, as their nodes must go through the same process of authentication as any other node, and, if they do, they actually become legitimate participants in the network. 
These are just some coffee-thoughts (literally while drinking my coffee) that came to mind, so please forgive me if I have missed anything obvious. Like I said, I find your idea very intriguing! 