@_author: jmecherul
@_date: 2013-12-05 05:06:25
why the heck has my post been deleted?
@_date: 2013-12-05 16:37:50
stop deleting my posts you assholes, just because you will not agree with what i am saying.  fuck you.  and i would say it in your face too
just because i posted the scam that coinbase is perpetrating, you are deleting my post?  it is my experience and dont call me a novice as this shit as i am an enginner
@_date: 2013-12-05 04:45:52
listen, they are running a fraud.  seriously you believe that have your best interest in mind?
read all the horror stories about them online.  when i buy BTC from them, most of the time (when they will make money) it says that you buy the the amount your are buying at the moment you are buying it, but it will take a few days for the money to transfer from the bank to them.  so far makes sense.  there are days such as when the price of btc is going way higher so they pull this shit about not having btc and all that so they screw people up.  how can they buy the btc to cover our orders with their own money?  obviously, they wont do that.  
listen, when i placed my order there was no such dialog saying that they will buy the btc at the price when the money gets to them.  according to them, that only happens sometime.  the dialog i got said that i am buying this amount for this much money, but the btc will not show under the account until a few days later when the money from the bank is in their possession.  plain and simple.  do you think i would have agreed to buy anything if i would have known that they will pull this crap?  they defrauded me out of about 0.25btc this way.  they are not some mom and pop store at the corned of the alley.  they have to register with the fed and the like because they deal with large sums of money.  
so, i am trying to get this resolved through their support ticket system, but they do not give a crap.  so, if they do not give my btc back i will file a complaint with the attorney general here in my state. see what happens.