@_author: jmichek
@_date: 2014-04-25 22:11:36
Ok Mr.Fancy pants reply. I don't know where you're getting your breakdowns from but Bitcoin isn't as unstable as you think. Severe lack of objective benefits and flexibility for end consumers? The new bitcoin debit card coming out might disagree with you.  
Severe deficiencies in the networks design? Please, tell me more about Visas vastly secure network that saw 1.5 million of their customers accounts hacked and compromised.
You're pro-centralized? Give me one example where a centralized system has not produced some of the most greedy and corrupt scandals the world has ever seen (LIBOR?). The entire planet is in dire straights thanks to a centralized banking monopoly, run by a handful of individuals who are hell bent on catapulting the entire global economy back into the stone age. 
With the amount of developers engineering a better and safer Bitcoin on a daily basis, you're only going to see vast improvements to it, not less. Bitcoin is being driven by the hard work and passion of a lot of people who want to live in a better world. Centralized banks, bubbling economies, faulty and insecure payment networks, people being entrapped within 3rd world currencies, etc. are all going to be a thing of the past. You can sit here and throw as much cow shit at the idea as you want, but it's not going anywhere. You're witnessing the birth of a revolutionary technology that is going to eventually see the elimination of all paper money from the face of the earth. Agree or not, who cares. It's happening  whether you want it to or not. 
@_date: 2014-04-16 05:02:07
I'm in Vancouver. There's quite a healthy group of Bitcoiners here, but not everyone seems to have any real idea on how to fire one of these things up. 
Things I'm curious on how to go about this are:
1) Insuring the machine. Is there a 'go-to' company that handles this sort of thing?
2) Getting in touch with a company like GTS that will manage the money in the machine. How often will it need to be emptied and refilled? How much they charge, etc.
3) What's the standard fee to pay the owner of the shop for renting the space?
4) What's a good 'go to' bank that can oversee transactions processed by  the ATM, if that is indeed a step? I'm assuming I would need to setup some sort of business account with them.
5) Are there any obvious legal loopholes that could be exploited if worse comes to worse? When you're dealing with the public and money, people can troll pretty hard. 
That's about all I'm on the fence about. I appreciate the feedback, I'm very committed to this idea. Anything I can do to help get this technology off the ground some more. 
@_date: 2014-05-08 05:24:42
You could mention:
- The new bitcoin debit cards
- Bitcoin ATM's
- Trading and exchanging Bitcoins for fiat currencies, other crypto currencies, stocks, assets, mortgages, etc.
- Gaining more popularity in countries like Argentina as a new, reliable currency, offering them a freedom from the confines of it's highly inflated currency. 
- Bitcoin is decentralized meaning it cannot be controlled by a single entity. Everyone who uses bitcoin essentially becomes their own bank.
- There is only 22 million Bitcoins that can ever be in circulation, meaning you cannot create bubble economies anymore. It is self contained and impossible to counterfeit. 
There's a lot more but those I feel are some of it's most impressive qualities. 
@_date: 2014-04-25 19:37:43
Do you guys have any clue what Bitcoin is? It turns every single individual with Bitcoin into a bank. It's the internet of money. It's decentralized. You can send it to all corners of the globe in a matter of seconds paying little to no fees to do so. It is far more secure. More and more merchants are accepting Bitcoin as payments. 
Ya... banks aren't scared of it.... you're right :/
@_date: 2014-04-25 21:06:16
Well you regular people better wake up and get in on this thing because Bitcoin isn't going anywhere for a long, long time. You seem like you know at least a little bit about Bitcoin but aren't a proponent of it. I'm curious as to what your source of info is that isn't making you a believer in this marvellous piece of technology. Don't tell me you're one of those 'Oh China is banning it, so it's doomed' people. If so, just say so and this conversation will end right here. 
@_date: 2014-04-16 05:03:14
That's actually very good advice man, thank you. Much appreciated!
@_date: 2014-05-14 06:16:27
How are you guys managing with your ATM over there? All up and running yet?