@_author: jmjavin
@_date: 2017-12-20 11:16:20
Exactly. I don't understand this sudden witchhunt against Coinbase. 
They launched a new coin for trading on their platform (which exchanges generally do). How is it their fault that the market decided to sell-off BTC and buy BCH?
@_date: 2017-12-20 14:38:36
I agree that it is good practice for exchanges to provide notification of a new coin release days or weeks prior to the actual release itself. 
But the truth is exchanges do (and frequently so) release coins for trading without advance notice. Off the top of my head, an example would be Bitfinex announcing NEO-USD trading on the same day they allowed the trading of NEO on their platform in Q3 this year.
Based on that analysis, there is nothing exceptional or unorthodox about Coinbase's release of BCH trading yesterday. In fact, the way that they announced BCH trading was entirely consistent with how they have announced the trading of Litecoin previously: only announcing on the same day/time that the coin was made available for trading. 
I can only imagine there are a lot of angry people here singling out Coinbase to take the rap for BTC's unfortunate price correction yesterday. But then again, that price correction happened as a result of market forces: Coinbase had nothing to do with it. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 14:21:40
So I don't get this. Coinbase added Bcash in the same way that it added Litecoin (I wasn't around when Coinbase added Eth so I cannot vouch for that): without any announcements until the day it was released. 
Litecoin was added for consumer purchase on Coinbase on 3 May 2017. If you observe the Bitfinex LTCUSD charts from early April to hours before LTC was released, you will see that Litecoin gained approximately 100%: from a low of 10 USD to almost 20 USD before it surged to a high of almost 40 USD after the release. Isn't this a symptom/sign of insider trading (similar to that for Bcash's)? 
So why is it that when Bcash pumps prior to its release, it's not okay and Coinbase folks need to go to jail for collusion and insider trading, while no similar complaints about Litecoin and Coinbase were made when it was released on Coinbase in May this year? This smells like a bad bout of hypocrisy and double standards to me. 