@_author: jmlubin
@_date: 2014-11-12 21:54:17


Can you share why you believe it is a strength?  12-second block times plus a programmed wait period can match 10-minute block times.  There is no way to turn 10-minute block times into secure, decentralized 12-second block times.


People are already building large, sophisticated contracts on the Ethereum Proof of Concept releases.  There is no way to store such bulk efficiently or usably in Bitcoin transactions.  Are you really saying that init code, body code and storage will all be stuffed into Bitcoin transactions?


I didn't mean to imply that you guys said that.  It was commentary on the community's response in general.
@_date: 2014-03-22 22:53:55
For the foreseeable future, I expect the rapid adoption of BTC by merchants to be a downward force on the exchange rate as pent up demand to buy stuff from long-time holders of BTC will cause many businesses that are exchanging BTC to legacy immediately to add to the liquid BTC supply.  Hopefully this downward force will continue to be balanced or overcome by enthusiastic speculators -- especially at the current beaten-down price.  Within a matter of months, supply chains will get built out, companies will convert to legacy currency in smaller and smaller proportions, salaries/compensation will increasingly be paid in BTC, large-scale speculation/investment will increase (as the financial world embraces it) and therefore BTC flow loops will be closed, and leakage of value back into the legacy currency systems will slow.  At some tipping point, where average holding time for a bitcoin rises above a certain threshold, price will rise again -- probably exponentially for a while (possibly years). Patrick Byrne (Overstock.com) is already talking about holding some BTC for periods of time.  His initial plan was to convert immediately.  Small businesses are already building out their supply chains by simply introducing their suppliers and delivery people to BTC.  When TigerDirect and NewEgg start to do this, things will move fast.  (NewEgg had people at the Miami BTC conference so there is a good chance they are working on enabling BTC.)  This is a network diffusion process which is exponential.
By Q4 of this year, expect Wall Street and other financial centers to start getting broadly involved.  There are already exploratory groups at all the major (and many minor) firms.   This will be another large wave of speculative value injection into the Bitcoin economy.
@_date: 2014-07-23 09:44:25
Power corrupts.  Centralized power corrupts absolutely.
@_date: 2014-03-08 17:53:22
Interesting, thoughtful article. 
Ethereum is building a platform for implementing the business logic of any distributed application (DApp) imaginable. A DApp is a collection of Ethereum self-enforcing contracts that coordinate to offer a coherent service or services.  Most DApps will have GUI front-ends that will usually live in a web browser.  By taking care of the all the foundational blockchain details (security) and offering powerful programming languages and distributed program execution engines, Ethereum drastically lowers the barriers to entry for building sophisticated DApps, each of which is embedded in an extremely low cost, global, value transmission network. Someone developing a DApp is able to raise development funds, pay for development, find customers and have those customers pay for the services offered on a low-cost, fast, payments network that cannot be censored. 
Initially all DApps will be open source, so people will be able to read the business logic of every contract.  There will likely be services which break down the business logic into plain English.  Eventually it may be possible to obfuscate the code of a DApp, making it unreadable but still executable.  It is likely that services with obfuscated business logic will be eschewed for similar services with more transparent business practices.
One of the earliest DApps that will appear on Ethereum will be a reputation system. Users will be able to scan or search through a categorized catalog of DApps and then check out that DApp's feedback in the reputation system.  This self-regulating system may make tortious behavior uncommon.  And certainly such behavior will be punished by shunning of the offending DApp.  As for compensation to the harmed, a wide variety of insurance DApps will be available if the cost/benefits analysis of such protection warrants.
I believe that having the choice to interact, at will, with a potentially large number of distributed apps or contracts on Ethereum, each free to offer similar or overlapping services, is a fairer and less tyrannous scenario than having a very small number of choices for similar centralized services, and large barriers to entry for new competitors. If you feel a DApp is not serving you well or is acting unfairly, you will be free to use a different one. With low barriers to entry, the kind of lock-in that software companies like Microsoft or Apple, or phone companies like Verizon and AT&amp;T, or cable companies like TimeWarner, enjoyed will likely be a thing of the past, replaced by fast, fluid competition and rapid growth in service offerings and sophistication.
@_date: 2014-02-27 05:29:30
For the foreseeable future, I expect the rapid adoption of BTC by merchants to be a downward force on the exchange rate as pent up demand to buy stuff from long-time holders of BTC will cause many businesses that are exchanging BTC to legacy immediately to add to the liquid BTC supply.  Hopefully this downward force will be balanced or overcome by enthusiastic speculators -- especially at the current beaten-down price.  Within a matter of months, supply chains will get built out, companies will convert to legacy currency in smaller and smaller proportions, salaries/compensation will increasingly be paid in BTC, large-scale speculation/investment will increase (as the financial world embraces it) and therefore BTC flow loops will be closed.  At some tipping point, where average holding time for a bitcoin rises above a certain threshold, price will rise again -- probably exponentially for a while (possibly years).
Patrick Byrne is already talking about holding some BTC for periods of time.  His initial plan was to convert immediately.  Small businesses are already building out their supply chains by simply introducing their suppliers and delivery people to BTC.  When TigerDirect and NewEgg starts to do this, things will move fast.  (NewEgg had people at the Miami BTC conference.)  This is a network diffusion process which is exponential.
@_date: 2014-02-13 20:03:16
There are complicated issues that we (Ethereum.org) need to resolve before we can make any clear statements about the initial ether sale. Any action taken by any individuals or groups before we release official documents is premature and may lead to a significant loss.
While we are aware of and have respect for the work peercover.com is doing, they are in no way officially associated with Ethereum Project, do no speak for it, and are, in our opinion, doing a disservice to the Ethereum Project and possibly leading their own clients into a situation that they don't understand. Offering to sell ether that doesn't yet exist, to naive purchasers, can only be considered irresponsible at this point. Buyer beware.
We request that peercover.com cease to offer ether forwards, until there is more information released on The Ethereum Project, the potential value of the ether cyptofuel, and until lawyers in various countries clarify what the securities and regulatory issues might be in selling ether to the public in various countries.
And of course, peercover.com, please feel free to reach out and discuss with us how we may work together in the future. Thank you.
@_date: 2014-07-14 14:43:04
Ethereum has a pseudo-Turing complete virtual machine.
Distributed applications on Ethereum require payments of a token to fuel every computational step and storage operation on the system.  Without requiring payments for operations, the system would be vulnerable to many sorts of attacks (infinite loops, storing your movie collection on the blockchain), would not be viable and would grind to a halt.  The payments, in the form of block rewards and transaction/computation fees, are made to owners of computational resources in exchange for securing the Ethereum network, for transmitting transactions and for processing computations required by distributed software applications.
This payment requirement takes care of the halting problem, hence "pseudo."
@_date: 2014-11-12 22:49:41
The random dude who wrote that post is a founder on the Ethereum project.
The discovery took the form of experimentation in simulations.
@_date: 2014-04-02 14:43:36
Very nice tool.
Suggestion: If you color each 32 bits with a consistent color, based on the value of the 32 bits, it will give each hash a visually distinct color signature look that would be quickly recognizable, at least compared to serially matching a few leading or trailing characters.
@_date: 2014-11-12 20:05:06
A few quick thoughts.
First, we wish the guys at Counterparty the best.  The Ethereum team are nearly all from and still passionate and active in the Bitcoin world.  We are always happy to see an innovation that strengthens the Bitcoin protocol and ecosystem.  We are fans of Counterparty and feel it is providing valuable features to the community right now.  Ethereum will ultimately (March 2015 release scheduled) be more general, elegant and powerful.  Ethereum, when released, will be 100% feature-free.  Instead of providing a handful of hard-coded features, Ethereum is a decentralized application programming, deployment and utilization platform which will enable developers to build any “features” they can conceive of.
Possible weaknesses of their approach:
- 10 minute Bitcoin blocktimes vs.12 second Ethereum block times
- BTC has a centralization problem that will probably be exacerbated by side-chains.  Ethereum is designed to be centralization-hard, but this is unproven.
- How will they accomplish decentralized storage of contracts, data?  
— There is no way to do this in Bitcoin, except in an auxiliary centralized data store.  And then you are prone to manipulations of the code and/data.
- How will they scale in various dimensions?
— Version 1.0 of Ethereum will be feature complete and revolutionary but not extremely scalable in number of transactions per second, contract and data storage, and computation required in each block time interval.  Version 2.0 is in design already to address all of these issues.   Scaling up to handle the world’s demand for transactions, and decentralized computation will be a great challenge for Ethereum, but one we are optimistic about, given various approaches under consideration and the talent we are drawing to the project.  One reason we are optimistic is that we have the luxury of designing for scalability from scratch.  We are not trying to shoehorn extremely complex functionality into a few bytes of a transaction in a protocol that was not designed to be general.  Putting Ethereum on the Bitcoin blockchain will be like writing a version of Netflix on a protocol that is designed for a different narrow purpose, like the SMTP (e-mail) protocol.  You could maybe do it, but why would you want to?  And certainly the user experience would be awful.
- The BTC core devs, already annoyed with Bitcoin 2.0 projects that bloat their blockchain, are going to dislike Counterparty even more, and might make things difficult in the future for them.
- The integrated EtherBrowser and decentralized application catalog on various different kinds of clients will produce enhanced user experience and security.
We are building Ethereum so we and the world of decentralized app developers can develop DApp services orders of magnitude faster than would be possible on the Bitcoin protocol.  If you are a DApp developer would you want to deploy on a platform that will likely be more difficult to code for, present a sub-par user experience and will constantly be a version or two behind Ethereum and all of the tools we build around Ethereum?  Where will the community of developers and users want to be?  On the (stable region of the) cutting edge or in the past?  
If you are building a business that depends on getting your clients from point A to point B would you strap a rocket engine to a tricycle and ask your clients to hop on, or would you usher them into a top-of-the-line Rolls (with a very powerful engine) and cruise in comfort and safety to the destination? 
In summation, this is a marketing event.  Nobody who is informed could possibly consider this announcement viable.
In the words of our CTO, Gavin Wood: 
"1. We provide an end-to-end fully decentralised, secure application framework with a reasonable transition strategy from Web2.0/server -&gt; WebThree/DApp, not just a basic contract system. In this vision, the blockchain is only a single component. To claim the block chain is Ethereum was true once, but now woefully misses the point.
2. Even ethereum 1.x will scale reasonably well with the light-client stuff we've been hashing out and preparing for recently. They haven't a chance in this sense. This is one of the key reasons we've been developing Swarm."
In the words of our CCO, Stephan Tual:
"It went from 'ethereum is not possible' to 'sidechains will kill ethereum' to 'we copied ethereum.'"
@_date: 2014-11-14 19:51:37
It is a measure of programming efficiency which is important for developing solutions quickly.  Less code is better.
It is also a measure of program efficiency which is important for the scalability and computational resource usage on the system.  Here again less code is better.
@_date: 2014-02-27 06:44:31
Price is determined by liquid supply and immediate demand.  When you take a bunch of coin that people were holding for months or years and add it to the liquid supply, an increased number of motivated sellers will be forced to lower their asking prices to get their coins sold and they will jump the spread and sell at the price that buyers are bidding.
Holding/investing/speculating is good for the ecosystem since it reduces the liquid supply of coin, forcing the BTC/legacy exchange rate higher.  Higher BTC prices pull more people and businesses into the ecosystem and the speculation proves to have been correct as fundamentals increasingly come to be the primary driver of the economy.  (At present, speculation is the primary driver, in my opinion, but the speculation that price will be much higher in the future is well warranted.)
If more and more people are chasing a fixed amount of Bitcoin, they will compete with one another and drive price higher.  If you have 10 apples and I am the only person that is hungry, I might pay you a dollar for one of them.  But if one hundred people are hungry, what price would the market move to per apple?
@_date: 2016-06-24 02:13:30
Solid article, Sergio.  Nice work.