@_author: jmrott001
@_date: 2018-01-22 22:50:49
I dislike lightning for two reasons. One is technical while the other is Security. 
The technical reason is simplistic really. Anyone with a technical background should understand. You don't develop a whole new system to address an issue with the existing system. This is fundamental systems development understanding. 
The security issue is not a direct security problem even though there enough of those. The security issue i speak of is consolidation of capacity. Under the current blockchain system a transfer of bc is publicly known at broadcast. The only fees that exist are built into the system. This is only there to compensate the stakeholders. The miners and wallet providers. 
Layering a new system on top of this provides interesting new opportunities.
I like the metaphor of bob and alice. Alice wants to pay bob for the thing that he did. Built a deck or something. Right so they fund a payment channel together and when the payment is sent yadda yadda. Right sounds nice. And the follow up sounds even nicer. Well bob and alice don't have a channel between each other setup. But the both have a channel with the pizza place they both like. So they use the channels that the pizza place has with both of them and the pizza place get a small percentage. Yeay this sounds fun sounds almost like social media. Except delete pizza place and insert wellsfargo or westernunion. And they charge fees have minimum funding for channels and maintainace fees. Oh and by the way they require id verification.
This sounds an awful lot like what we already have. These are my objections.
@_date: 2018-01-21 16:24:22
Your question is like a trap. I am aware of how the lightning network operates. 
Two users fund a trading channel. So the bit coin is held in escrow by a third party until the two users mutually decide to close this channel. Until they conclude their trading. Once concluded the funding of the trading channel is dispersed incurring a transaction fee. 
While this concept seems simplistic it allows for third parties to control and profit from the flow of commerce. 
My concern really isn't about if lightning network it self, I know it is a step backward. My real concern is why are we in a position in which a small group of individuals (core developers) are in a position to decide for us (the users/investors) the trade policies that we all must abide. 
I have invested part of my wealth in the future success of failure of the currency. Why should I be comfortable with allowing another entity to mandate how my investment is managed? Is this not antithetical to the decentralized intention of the currency?
The lightning network as proposed will cause consolidation of bitcoin by entities who have no stake in the flow of commerce. 
The solution for this problem in not to invent an entirely new system which allows the accumulation of control by third parties but to simply allow the system to perform as intended. Satoshi intended that the block size should increase to mitigate the increase in transaction request and prevent the backlog of transaction request that we are now experiencing. Why hasn't this been implemented?  
The answer is simple. To introduce and false problem. The high transaction fees a long wait times are causing the devaluation of the currency. So inorder to implement a centralized control system all you have to do is not update the system as intended to seemingly cause the existing system to appear broken. When infact it is not.
@_date: 2018-01-21 17:12:29
If you are talking about transaction fees than you are spreading misinformation. Transaction fees are determined outside of coinbase's control. 
In reality im not a fan of coinbase either. I personally would never utilize there exchange. But it not because of any of these false allegations which you have put forth. 
But coinbase is correct in that lightning network and the core developers are not looking out for the interest of the millions of investors that have worked hard to increase the value and legitimacy of bitcoin as a currency.
They are infact undermining all previous efforts including efforts of Satoshi.
Boycott lightning and the core developers.
@_date: 2018-01-23 00:03:29
You speak of doom and gloom of increasing the block size?
Considering the issue, I cannot see this doom and gloom menacing the future. 
This sound remarkably similar to Cray's description of a super computer. A super computer changes a processing problem into a data storage problem. 
What he meant was simply that the ability to push data through a system became the problem rather than the ability to process that data. And we can see this when we look at any modern computer architecture. The cpu is waiting on instructions or data to be fetched from memory most of the time. And we address this issue with things like pipelining and preemptive multi tasking. All of these we have because of Cray. 
Now let's make up a thought experiment. 
We have data frames at a specific size. 
Its arbitrary it doesn't matter the actual size.
Now our processor chunks the data frames through at 10 per second. 
That is 100ms per frame. But the data fetch process requires 6 machine cycles to present a new dataframe taking 10ms each. 
The size of the dataframe doesn't affect this process. 
So if we made the data frame twice the size the processor would take longer to process it. In this case let us assume 80 ms as opposed to 40 ms. So our total process time would now be 140ms for twice the data as opposed to 200ms. 
We can see this concept in real world applications such as having an internal sata ssd as opposed to a external usb sata ssd. 
There are fewer steps the data has to go through and larger data frames can be transmitted. Lowering trough put time requiring fewer cycles per set of data.
This understanding has been around for a while now. 
The issue with the backlog of transaction request looks remarkably similar to the issue described in the thought experiment. 
How is it not similar? How is the processing of data more special and different from that which we already understand? What is the nature of this looming disaster of which you speak?
 
@_date: 2018-01-21 02:06:07
Increasing the block size is the simplest solution. But really needs the be is the core needs to be replaced. This protocol is as important and fundamental as tcp/ip or http. If not more so. How is it than we should allow a small group to control our wealth and productivity. The whole point of bitcoin is to provide an alternative to centrally controlled currencies. Than how is it that we end up directly in the situation the system was designed to avoid. It seems a bit paradoxical to me and not remotely rational. Lighting network is a fraud. It is not designed to provide the solution which is desired. Lighting network would transfer the value of your bitcoin to a third party. They are the financial institutions themselves. This is a ploy to take your bitcoin from you.
This is a lie