@_author: jmvp
@_date: 2014-02-22 01:55:41
I can't overstate how much better Credit Unions are than banks. Really - try one! The nationwide ATM network they have allows for free withdrawals very widely. They work together so it's like a massive network of banks - even if your local CU only has one or two branches. DO IT DO IT 
@_date: 2014-03-27 17:54:39
Is BTC held in non-US exchanges subject to the FATCA/FBAR reporting requirements?
@_date: 2014-09-04 15:41:46
A question: Would anyone take Argentinean currency in exchange for BTC? 
If you believed in BTC why would you get on the other side of the trade? And if you can't get dollars, what will you buy the BTC with?
@_date: 2014-07-29 02:49:28
I object because we live in a society. Perhaps you can tell me which parts of your income, no matter how derived, are purely and only created by you without relying on the community you live in? We assume you didn't steal it, and you'll also have to show that no one traded with you (because contract enforcement requires legal backing); you didn't require access to publicly held or common property (i.e., roads, parks, the airwaves (no radios!), air traffic (someone has to hold the reins over flight plans), no electricity (it's transmitted through commonly held/gov't-determined property), etc.).
It should be transparently obvious that all trade requires reliance on an extremely diverse range of community functions, including many laws, both civil and criminal.
@_date: 2014-03-27 16:03:11
(Tyson Cross, if you're reading this, please chime in.)
The IRS ruling should mean (right??) that BTC holdings are not subject to FBAR and FATCA(?). This would mean, if I am right that your BTC account, even if the exchange is outside of the US, is not subject to the reporting requirement based on value held "abroad." 
I don't know if this is true actually, because I don't know, for example, if you had, say, $15K in gold ingots in a safety deposit box in Geneva, whether or not that is subject to FATCA. If such a holding is subject, then I suppose I'm totally wrong on this and BTC would be subject to FATCA (and, presumably FBAR). 
U.S. tax filers - BE AWARE: failure to report balances subject to FATCA and FBAR is associated with, at least theoretically, Significant Penalties.
@_date: 2014-06-06 18:51:56
I have been told that in some countries while this is great for "eliminating" fees (almost), exchanging BTC to the local currency can be the bottleneck (if you have fixed costs, say, payroll, that you must pay in local fiat). 
Do you find it hard to exchange to locally useful fiat currency where you are?
@_date: 2014-02-22 03:57:58
Yes that's great, too! Some CUs pay their "profits" back to their members as a dividend. Beats Discover Card any day.
You know they're good when you hear the major banks complain about them not paying enough taxes.
@_date: 2014-07-29 02:51:58
This is a ridiculous comment because medicines would be meaningless in a country without strong intellectual property rights. And not to put too strong a point on it or anything, but these rights would have to be enforceable by law for infringement (otherwise no one would bother to create drugs, because they'd never make back their research expenditures).
@_date: 2014-03-27 17:58:29
Those of you planing on not reporting - good luck applying to anything (for the rest of your lives) which involves a significant background check. Whenever you sign something that says, "I'm in compliance with the law" or "I'm up to date on my taxes" (necessary, when you apply to the bar, for instance, though I'm guessing many government jobs would be the same) you will have created an instance of a fraudulent representation. 
@_date: 2014-03-27 15:22:37
Yes I did. What makes you think I didn't? I also read the original post by the Law Prof.
@_date: 2014-03-26 22:17:24
Some activism seems to be required! Two approaches come to mind:
* 1) political activism: You may wish to reach out to your rep/senator and tell them this is not acceptable, the currency aspect of BTC must be preserved and a different taxation regime created [I'm still pondering on this one]; 
* 2) technical activism: [the following just a starting point:] Someone please code up a program that allows users to correlate known past price data with particular transactions. Yes, I know we all should have a spreadsheet with different cost basis data in it for each transaction (and the exchanges tend to make this easy for us), but with a tool like I'm suggesting we could, somewhat obviously, determine which of our coins we were willing to spend when based on their basis value. If you thought you'd buy a cup of coffee, you'd specifically select BTC you'd acquired recently, which lacked any significant cap gains. If you were going to buy a Tesla, you would want to talk with a tax professional or financial planner. If you were going to hoard some BTC "for the long term" you'd treat it as an old stock investment and let the cap gains ride. 
Also, consider that if you bought BTC high and spent it low, you could(???) have your cake and eat it too, by spending it(?). I'm guessing the latter scenario hasn't been thought through or at least has never been presented to the IRS. If I buy a TESLA with BTC I paid $1000 for, say, would that mean I could declare a capital loss equal to the difference in value between the Tesla and the amount originally invested in the BTC? (ooo that's a dooozy)
At any rate, the currency aspect of BTC is critically important and we should not give it up because it's promise is strongly also found in its usefulness as a medium of exchange - not merely a store of value.
@_date: 2014-07-29 05:48:32
You seem to have forgotten that, at heart, government is simply the collective will of the people. It does not exist separately from them. As societies mature beyond the hunter-gatherer stage, through agriculture and on onto the modern technological stage, more complexity inevitably accrues. 
Why would you want to pay every time you stepped onto a road - and if you had to pay annually, how is that different from a taxing government? Governments, contrary to your position, are altogether too good at producing laws. But it's better than just producing laws by diktat - or having "inviolable contracts" - because in a democracy many laws incorporate voices from all sides to a disagreement.
I, too, believe government does too much - but there are certain things no entity which seeks to maximize its own utility (i.e., an actor making decisions based in economic factors of profit and loss) would ever fund. Things such as drugs for a dangerous disease which disproportionately affects the poor (such as malaria), a new weapon system (like the Manhattan project, or the ARPAnet), would not have been created by the private sector (and in the case of the Manhattan project, could not have been created by the private sector).
You'll find your life much more enjoyable when you realize you're not the only person out there.
@_date: 2014-03-27 15:25:39
There was an article - a "macroeconomic" analysis of bitc - which came up a little while back. In that article it is claimed that price increases (versus USD) correlate with hoarding, and, if memory serves, price stability correlates with use as a currency.
If that's a good analysis, then this IRS "ruling" is the result that the Winklevii and other "BTC 1%'ers" seek, because this ruling will lead to hoarding and less use as a currency.
As a practical matter, those who want to "spend" BTC may start segregating their holdings between "long position BTC" and "walking-around-money BTC."
@_date: 2015-09-11 23:28:38
Last I knew, Japanese law allows detention of suspects, without charge, for 28 days. The right to an attorney is not complete: police can interview you without the presence of counsel as they like. Some have reported aggressive interrogations, with a physical aspect. The courts strongly (very strongly) favor confessions - written ones. We'll see how he holds out. The number of Japanese bitcoin holders was tiny, so there is almost no local incentive to prosecute to make Japanese people "whole" or deter. I almost wonder why they're bothering. Maybe it's just not to lose face. Or, maybe it's an experiment. 
@_date: 2018-04-06 17:57:54
It is unclear if IRS will allow people to say that these are like-kind items. Also, there's the wash-sale rules, and the IRS might come out and say "that was a wash sale, so no dice on the loss." In addition under new Trump tax law it seems that 1031 exchange is now ONLY real estate (starting in 2018). 
@_date: 2018-04-06 18:21:35
The amount would be something like the value the day it was received - just like finding money in the walls of your house (there's a case on that). BCS had value the day it was released - and BTC holders got that value on that day; it's easy to value. And if you hold an ICO and try all these snazzy ways to screw people I'm sure that the Financial Crimes &amp; Enforcement guys at Treasury will take great pleasure in finding you (assuming you've relied in any way on the US banking system). I've actually met a couple of them and they're no joke.
@_date: 2018-04-06 16:52:13
I take it you received no Bitcoin Cash then? That's "accession" to wealth and is a taxable event - though whether it's an event for 2017 or 2018 may depend on exchange, etc.
@_date: 2018-04-06 17:49:26
No, the problem is he has a $50K tax bill.
@_date: 2018-04-06 17:50:57
I think you're right - the US gov't (and no doubt others, too) has been working to deanonymize transactions. They'll have a pretty good idea when something hits the blockchain about who bought what or whatever.
@_date: 2018-04-06 17:50:05
An even more likely scenario: He spent the money not understanding capital gains taxation.
@_date: 2013-12-30 22:05:15
Never before has it been as clear to me that Krugman doesn't actually believe we own our money. To him we are only temporary possessors of the government's currency. And if the government wants to destroy the value of what we have earned through the sweat of our brow he doesn't give a r*** ass. He must think we're all loaded - some "liberal."