@_author: jmx808
@_date: 2018-02-05 15:20:46
You don't understand volatility then. Volatility leads to discovery, accurate pricing, and ultimately less risk. An equity or currency which rises with low volatility actually masks a massive amount of underlying risk. The less the volatility, the greater the risk. 
I'm not for or against Bitcoin but the current volatility (buying and selling) is essential to accurate pricing.
@_date: 2018-02-05 14:26:43
That doesn't even make any sense. How would you be rich if traditional currency collapses? Bitcoin has no intrinsic value! Who would you be able to buy/sell from? Your Bitcoin has the same value as a Steam Hat and Candy Crush coin if it cannot be used to purchase anything worthwhile in the real-world. Mind-boggling...
@_date: 2018-02-06 04:00:29
If that's the case and you're shilling bitcoins, I think we both know who the bigger ass-hat is. :)  Cheers.
@_date: 2018-02-08 14:21:57
I'm a trader, not a "hodl"er or whatever other nonsense. I trade BTC and other assets daily. Doesn't matter to me if it's going up or down, I post analysis in both directions on my website. My last target was 8750 from 6200 with a 'take profits' target of 8200. 
My statement was about VOLATILITY being GOOD for ACCURATE PRICING. What are you going on about? My argument wasn't even negative, the LOWER RISK when VOLATILITY helps uncover the ACCURATE PRICE. That can be higher or lower. 
What's your thesis other than sounding like a 16yr old who says he's a "risk manager at a top bank for 10yrs". That's literally the most generic argument from authority I've ever heard.
Seriously dude, if you're all hell bent on having _only_ a bullish interpretation of the world and seeing everything else as bearish or against you.. then go for it. If your strategy is HODL and you're throwing a fit whenever it goes negative.. oh well. 
I'll continue trading and I certainly am not making decisions based on fake news (good or bad).
@_date: 2018-02-08 16:03:40
We can agree to disagree. I'm not a supporter of anyone which is probably worse, I lean Libertarian :D.  
The fake news comment was in reference to the ECB story. I saw that making the rounds on Stocktwits and have yet to find a legit non 'coin news website' source for it. The press release ( just says "we're looking at the possible systemic risk introduced by Bitcoin and banks which may be holding Bitcoin futures contracts.  
I'm strictly about getting whatever the facts are and going with that. If ECB says "we're buying bitcoins" then that's obviously bullish and I would adjust my trade and risk accordingly but if it's a story manufactured by coin new sites to boost price than it will only hurt people. 
As for the mercenary-like trading style, I guess you're right in that respect. I don't look at "will this change the world" but I certainly respect that. I don't see shorting as betting on the demise of others. I see it as betting on the direction of a price or making an educated guess on where the market believes the value of the given asset is at the moment (over-simplified). 
@_date: 2018-02-06 03:59:31
lol