@_author: jnc23
@_date: 2018-07-13 13:19:07
I used Bittylicous way back in 2014/2015 as that was one of the only ways to buy bitcoin in the UK then. 
It connects buyers and sellers and they keep the money in escrow until transfers have cleared.
You can use Faster Payments and I remember it working pretty smoothly back in the day. (I'm sometimes surprised these older sites are still around... glad it's still up and running).
@_date: 2018-12-26 19:46:57
I find this particular objection from Peterson critics slightly odd. At the very least, is it not rather interesting? He's not saying the Chinese "discovered DNA", he's saying the double-helix shape is found throughout ancient art, which it is, and has a host of symbolic meanings, which it does. My background is art history, and art historians and anthropologists have long mused over such things. It's kinda fun to think about. If you had a professor at university who drew those connections, would you not think it was a tiny bit cool?  It's not a totally fringe assertion. Many serious books on symbolism and mythology will mention the prevalence of that pattern (and the similarities to the structure of DNA).
Finally, the most vociferous critics of Peterson are often the ones droning on about eurocentric science and colonialism and how we should consider alternative systems of knowledge, yet the moment he mentions shamanism they flip their lid. It's just odd. I can't really understand the misrepresentation and hatred this guy gets. Especially when it comes in such different forms.
I have mixed feelings on Peterson btw, so sorry for the mini essay. Source: am art historian, who, several years ago, coincidentally read a lot about the Watson/Crick/Franklin discovery.
@_date: 2018-12-31 10:26:02
I know. I'm not a huge Peterson fan, but this disinformation is so weird... He has an h-index of 43, which would be considered an "outstanding" contribution to the field. He has over 5000 citations along with his research students. He won a teaching prize while at Harvard. He helped expand the Big Five model - the most effective psychological test developed. He's done consultancy work with the UN and major corporations. 
Say what you like about his political contentions but he's literally one of the most prominent academics in his field. It's a bold-faced lie to call him a psedudo-intellectual.
Honestly, I think his political stuff is the *least* interesting thing about him.
Sure, criticize his opinions if you differ, but at least get your facts straight.
@_date: 2018-12-31 13:47:06
I'm gonna be courteous here, and say thanks for the effort you've put into compiling this. We should all be willing to change our minds when confronted with differing information. I also don't disagree with some of this.
That said, I'll speak to your final point and again reiterate that *within* his field he is a leading academic and teacher. Few seem willing to admit this. I actually think all the stuff about transgender rights is boring and a smokescreen. Unlike many commentators, I've actually watched a few of his university lectures and found them fascinating. Seriously, if you're interested in the human mind you should check out his personality and it's transformations course. You get a glimpse of why he was rated so highly as a professor.
Once again tho, politics just blind people. Everyone's so busy screaming at each other and circlejerking they just focus on the outrage without ever learning anything deeper. Talk about missing the woods for the trees.
@_date: 2018-12-31 20:45:26
Hey there, no worries. I'll try my best to enlighten you. I think - and I should add I'm not 100% sure here, so don't kill me - that he introduced the two aspects to each of the big five. It was work he did as part of a research group and if you look at his citations you'll see most of them are to do with this. There are now two aspects to each of the big five as a result of his work. The Big Five largely supercede Myers-Briggs so it's fairly  important if you're into that kind of thing. As for whether psychology is all pseudoscience, well... Neither you nor I can make that call but I take your point. It's certainly been a rocky road to here with plenty of pseudoscience along the way.
Almost all of his citations are from before he was famous, and I don't think his teaching prize had anything to do with his politics. He was simply put forward by students and colleagues. Also, I've just checked and he was only nominated. He didn't win. My bad.
Totally not seeing anything political in either of my posts either but oh well. Also, FWIW I've always voted liberal.