@_author: jnekrep
@_date: 2014-02-20 08:17:04
Hey guys. Firstly, I'll introduce myself. I'm the guy who wrote the petition.  I get that one lil' ol' email campaign is not going to cause sweeping change in governmental policy.  But I don't think that means it's not worth doing.  I have a moderate amount of experience in federal lobbying, and there's no question that the wheels of government move slowly. 
Add to that the fact that I really don't think the there enough of "us" yet to have a strong enough voice to sufficiently scare the politicians into positive action (because we all know that the only thing that we have to motivate them is to threaten their job security). 
That said, this was but one little step that I could take, and encourage others to participate in.  In reality, we need a lot more of these little steps, orchestrated by a lot of individuals, from a variety of backgrounds, over an extended period of time.  But sitting around and NOT doing anything is even less effective than my little email blast, so it felt like it was worth doing. 
The way I see it, bad laws/regulations change for two reasons:
1. There is sufficient public support for the change, and the overwhelming public pressure makes it a popular issue. 
2. Large numbers of people disagree with the law/regulation, and choose to simply subvert it making it virtually unenforceable.  
Even when BOTH of those ingredients are present, the change often doesn't occur overnight.  But eventually change can happen.  So I don't think there's anything wrong with taking small steps where we can.  I don't hold out any hope that this one campaign will change the course of Bitcoin regulation in Canada forever. That's silly. But it's worth doing anyway. 
Cheers. :)
@_date: 2014-02-19 05:21:04
I suspect that, in light of the recent release of FINTRAC internal documents on the subject of Bitcoin, the current mindset amongst regulators in Canada is that Bitcoin is bad. I've put together this petition for anyone wishing to let Minister of Finance Jim Flaherty know that Bitcoin matters to Canada.  Please consider signing: 
@_date: 2014-09-20 08:15:02
Check out their About page and you'll see the full list of their BOD.   
Though I'm not involved with the C4, (full disclosure), I do sit on the BOD of the Bitcoin Alliance with both Anthony D and Michael P.  I'll give you my thoughts on the program FWIW.  I don't think the program is bullshit.  Does anyone NEED certification in Bitcoin? Hell no, of course not.  However, for those who wish to work with companies and organizations in any capacity as an expert in the field, there's some benefit from being able to demonstrate a more formal set of credentials.  Again, it may not be necessary, but I don't think it's a bad thing. 
As for the comment that these guys are just in it "to get some bucks", that's nonsense. The organization is a non-profit and I don't believe money has been the motivator for anyone involved.  In a nutshell, I'm not telling you that you should get certified. I'm just pleased that such an option exists for those who want it. (And I did go through the CPB level certification because hey... why not? It was kinda fun)
@_date: 2014-02-12 02:14:22
You are correct. Bitcoin Winnipeg is hosting CoinFest but did not purchase the ATM.  BitTeller purchased the ATM and will be placing it at Santa Lucia.  And yep... that whole article was confusing. :P LOL
@_date: 2014-02-12 02:11:55
Sorry... late to the party here. But yes, the Santa Lucia at 4 St. Mary's road will begin accepting Bitcoin on Saturday to coincide with CoinFest and the launch of the ATM. I've been in talks with the other stores, and some of them will also begin accepting, some probably will not (yet, anyway).  At present, it will be dine-in only, but we're working on a solution to tie in delivery at a future date. 