@_author: jnkns86
@_date: 2014-07-03 19:04:49
Acknowledging it isn't really all that helpful. A few years back when SNP were all 'no nukes' they found out it would take over a decade and billions to move them to England, shortly after that they cancelled their 'no nukes' agenda. Would India be cool if Pakistan had their nuclear arsenal? Are we to believe that there's some sort of bro pact between us and the country that has had us near dictatorship since our king killed our monarchy?
This is the biggest thing that has happened to the kingdom for hundreds of years and Cameron doesn't even have the decency to debate it like a rational human being. If it was such a ridiculous proposition to become independent, wouldn't it be a simple case of meeting on tv, destroy Salmond in a debate then be done with it? 
All we hear about are threats to take away the use of an insolvent currency and popstars and leaders from around the world are begging that we don't leave. Why the f*ck not? We provide more money per person than any other British country, superior education, superior health service, more resources, less debt. Not to forget also that Scotland has done more for the modern world than any other country on the planet, causing global cultural shifts affecting every single person, shaping the world as it is today and we're still being told that we have to be under dictatorship to a country that raped and pillaged their way round the world giving nothing of value to the human race. Remember too, NSA and GCHQ are pretty much the same thing, would you vote to be monitored by the NSA? 
Scotland's revolution seems to be most prominent on billboards, entertainment sections and English propaganda leaflets. Stop messing with us. It's a decision that will affect generations of my family and I have international students telling me they're voting to stay because they want better Euro rates, you're leaving in December you cunt. I hope the world is watching and seeing how democracy really works: threats, lies and scaremongering, it's so sad that I'm not exaggerating.
Thousands of years refining our scientific methods and reasoning and one of the most powerful countries in the world is talking to us through their locally owned newspaper. Less propaganda, more action. Data without theory is worthless, theory without data is pointless. 
$0.02 from a wildling beyond the wall. 
tl;dr potentially become one of the richest, most powerful country on the planet or complete dictatorship and a lifetime subscription to GCHQ? Come on people. Think. 
Edit: I ranted a little. Apologies, must've been the bru, diadora orange messes with brain chemistry. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 12:49:27
So many major issues surround being independent and everyone's only ever talking about the pound. What about England's nuclear weapon supply we have? Food for thought.
@_date: 2014-07-03 19:34:48
They did a proper analysis of the logistics about a decade ago, from that info, everything they're saying in the whitepaper is bs. I had a search for it but can't find anything just now.
Anyway, the topic is bitcoin and as a Scotsman I can say with complete certainty that it's absolute nonsense :) Next distraction please. 
@_date: 2014-07-14 15:18:52
It's not really conglomerates that we want in the game though am I right? Damn board members have too many destabilization tricks up their sleeve in my opinion. Centralized = hierarchy of power = unaccountability = globalization. 
Bitcoin spits in the face of hierarchy :) this is the time to bring small businesses back up from the ashes and challenge the might of rule-makers. 
@_date: 2015-01-05 05:03:05
Thanks for making me aware of this, I've not looked into online communities like this before. 
How do you propose I get it to my friends account though? 
@_date: 2016-06-26 15:33:44


I don't know what this means :x 
@_date: 2017-04-10 20:30:51
Great answer, thanks for your time almkglor.