@_author: joachimhelminths
@_date: 2018-11-12 12:04:09
you've never seen an EDL "rally" in the flesh then?
Tommy Robinson is quite good at articulating himself but his core supporters and target audience certainly aren't and are quite overtly racist.
You will struggle to pin Tommy Robinson down to any clear and obvious racism, he's a demagogue who knows how to manipulate his low IQ ignorant followers. Congrats on falling for it ;)
@_date: 2018-11-12 15:31:54
What sources do you find credible?
@_date: 2018-11-12 16:18:24
They were found guilty.
(the evening standard is generaly regarded as being a right leaning/conservative publication: 
@_date: 2018-11-15 19:13:44
*read the article*
honestly. they were found guilty, despite him jeopardising, and his publicity stunt was pointless, it wasn't being covered up due to some anti-white conspiracy, just waiting until the separate trials had finished.
the funny thing here is that you think you've outsmarted everyone with some illuminating new information but you're just another parrot.
@_date: 2018-11-12 13:45:09
Where did I call you low IQ? Like you just said, you're not a follower, you're a person on the internet who doesn't know who he is and isn't from the UK.
I said you fell for the same nonsense as his followers, who I fully understand aren't really evil people, they just aren't too bright. Being from the UK I imagine I'm likely have a more nuanced view on the topic, but don't take my word for it. Educate yourself.
My view is propaganda works best on the ignorant and people like Tommy Robinson / Stephen Yaxley-Lennon specifically target gullible people. They know how to appeal to people's insecurities and xenophobic tendencies, and know how to seem reasonable.
By all means, come to the UK and immerse yourself in the EDL and see if you agree with me or not, or keep getting upset because someone was blunt with you on reddit.
If you take any of this personally or think I'm being rude, grow some balls snowflake. 
I wasn't intentionally being rude, I was intentionally being straight with you. Like you said, you don't know who he is.
@_date: 2018-11-15 19:44:13
no response? I guess that makes perfect sense.
@_date: 2018-11-12 14:08:16
I didn't try to claim he was a Nazi, or a racist though did I? I said he has very little respect even from Nazis and racists.
Most of what he says isn't overtly racist anyway, it is quite clearly xenophobic, regardless what your own political stance is, Tommy Robinson's rhetoric is riddled with strawman arguments, false premises and sensationalism.
Honestly, read what I'm saying and stop being butthurt. I'm not even a leftist. He's not really respected on the right, what's your evidence again sorry?
@_date: 2018-11-12 12:00:39
270k followers on youtube != 270k followers in the UK
Youtube is an international website.
Tommy Robinson is not widely popular in the UK, he definitely has more haters than fans.
@_date: 2018-11-15 20:07:23
^^ how to know when you've reached the limit of someone's mental capacity.
poor guy, all them werds and writings. 
does your brain hurt? :(
(fyi - I am mercilessly calling Exhib88 low IQ and then sitting back and waiting for the inevitable demonstration)
@_date: 2018-11-12 14:29:35
@_date: 2018-11-15 19:57:22
Wow what a convoluted sentence. So, anyone who *doesn't* recognise the right of "Every ethnic group not being replaced in their own homeland"?
I'm assuming by this you consider yourself not "The Left" so therefore you recognise the basic human right of every ethnic group not being replaced in their own homeland?
So therefore as a "non leftist" you must support white europeans giving back north america to native americans? I hope you have good data on which tribes owned which parts originally.
Although I suppose you could argue that it's not really their homeland either as they migrated there via the Bering Straight when the climate allowed it thousands of years ago.
Interesting world view you have, that seems a little extreme if I'm honest.
While we're at it, I suppose the normans should really go back to normandy and give the UK back to the britons... and strictly the entire human race should really go back to Africa?
Which point in human history did each race get allocated their homeland? In your view?
Enlighten me please. I genuinely want to understand, you could actually change a mind here, if you cared enough to try.
@_date: 2018-11-12 16:06:41
Because you said you were a little confused and then you said you weren't asserting anything, I think I covered it all though.
Sometimes people on the internet have lots of time on their hands and labour points they think are important or misunderstood.
@_date: 2018-11-12 14:56:06
You were asserting:
1) I'm a leftist
2) My claims are baseless and I can't provide evidence.
3) I'm being insulting/angry.
Those are all assertions... You're seemingly throwing around the label "leftist" as something you consider derogatory. You've pretty much asserted that because I don't support Tommy Robinson I must therefore be a leftist.
You've also generalised that all "leftists" act in a similar way, which is again an assertion, your evidence is at best anecdotal.
You can be a pot and call the kettle black all day, and this could go back and forth I'm sure! But ultimately I mean no malice, it's just frustrating.
I'm honestly encouraging you to be weary of your filter bubble. The only sources that really back Tommy Robinson have been fringe groups in the UK and more recently Infowars started framing him as a martyr for free speech.
My evidence is that if you check my facts, you will find them to be true.
What do you want? A link to an article that says the same thing? If you google hard enough you can find "evidence" for anything.
To really grasp an issue you need to immerse yourself in a wide range of sources and unfortunately you're not going to get a balanced view if you're going around asserting all the things you've just asserted. You think I'm a leftist so therefore you probably think every word I say is a lie I'm guessing.
Explain why it's worth wasting my time googling for you, what sources do you consider unbiased?
@_date: 2018-11-15 19:34:14


I thought ^^ that was your point? Where did that happen? Not like I'm a fan of the UK government but, I feel like you need to provide a source for this if you don't want to just come across like a complete clown. Which rapists in this trial managed to get a not-guilty verdict out of this?
@_date: 2018-11-12 14:19:34
Fair. Anyone deterring people from paypal is a good thing. But the other side of that is that he's such a divisive source, he's probably not great PR for bitcoin, overall.
I see your point though, a broken clock is right twice a day and all that.
@_date: 2018-11-12 13:57:17
Lol. "There's the left for you". Is 'the left' in your view anyone who doesn't back Tommy Robinson? Where did you get that I'm left wing from this?
Seriously. Which part of what I'm saying is angry or insulting to you? I'm stating facts and inviting you to examine them, by all means, examine them.
Tommy Robinson has very little respect across the political spectrum... most of the right in the UK try to distance themselves from him. My evidence for forming my view is I've seen his rallies in the flesh and spoken to his followers. I have no responsibility to do your research for you. 
How did you form your opinion and what was your evidence?
@_date: 2018-11-12 16:31:49
I'm skeptical that his followers (whether they are in the closet or not) will be the type of people who adopt Bitcoin.
I fully support them doing so even if I don't agree with him.
There's no meaningful way for that to "show" us the extent of support he has though. How you going to measure that?