@_author: joaoaoao
@_date: 2013-12-13 17:53:08
Thanks. 2 am me isn't very smart
@_date: 2013-12-13 05:58:06
I'll be sure to try and address that point, that it is being seen in the wrong light by those who are seeing it as an investment and comparing it to gold. 
Thanks for your comment
@_date: 2013-12-13 06:31:03
The thing that makes it so people view it as a more of an investment than a currency is that (currently) there's not a lot of choice as to where you can use it. I can only think of reddit when i try and come up with popular web sites that accept bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-12-13 06:25:59
Thanks for the comment.
In response to:
1. I don't agree that it's a sure fire way to make a quick profit, but i feel as if it's being portrayed by the media as such
2. I understand this point now and I'll try to address it when i go to revise it. However, most (excluding those who remember what it was created for) see it as one
3. When you look at those who made money, you also need to look at those who lost money. Also, in your previous point you stated how it's not an investment
4. i'll have to look up those terms. can't pretend to argue something i dont know
5. Once again I'll have to study up on that term
6. I wouldnt say that im ignorant, seeing as im trying to learn more about this. Anyway, yes, those are all great but there aren't many places where bitcoins are even accepted, so these great features cant even come into play
7.  Good catch. These derp moments came as a result of me learning more about bitcoins as I wrote this, but being too lazy to go back and reread to make sure my arguments matched up
8. thank god you caught that
Tbh, this is for class. The assingment was "write an editorial" and so i chose something that interests me (but that i dont know much about so im forced to research and learn something new). I was supposed to be working on it all throughout the week but you know, im a lazy piece of shit. Also, i never had it peer edited and the class is tomorrow so in a desperate attempt to make it presentable i thought i'd go into the lion's den and see if they could help me.
 once again, thanks and sorry if i annoyed you