@_author: joaommp
@_date: 2014-03-17 16:39:25
If you're pretty sure, you're either lying to yourself and everyone here, or severely confused. This is the first campaign on the product. There was NEVER another campaign at this product. The only thing there is at the moment is the campaign running in parallel on IndieGogo for those who use Paypal/credit-card and on Bitstarter for those that prefer to contribute in bitcoin.
We are not expecting you to fund us without any reward. We are expecting pre-orders to reach the minimum of 6000 units required by the manufacturer as the first batch and then immediately start shipping them. We are not expecting your blind donations. And if I'm not mistaken, you already made a similar conment on another reddit thread and you earned a very harsh response.
Here it is your previous comment and the response you got:
@_date: 2014-03-17 18:25:25
Hi XxionxX
1) Branding? What branding? We're a small non-proft R&amp;D institution. Not a multi-million dollar corporation with a leviathanic marketing engine behind us. Yes, we did ask a lot of people about what they thought of the name and look, and the response was positive. But, as in any study, it is a sample, it's statistics and as far as lies go, there are to types of big lies, the big lies and statistics. And the "branding" or "marketing" shouldn't affect your judgement on this, as we're not being disrespectful with anyone. The likability of a project is pretty subjective and relative. For any project, any product, any idea, there will always be half of the world to love it and half of the world to hate it. What you should have in mind here is if the product interests you, if it would be handy to you, if it's something you like and would be useful to you or anyone you know, regardless of the "brading" or any emotions you might feel for its look. It is a tool.
2) We are not bitcoin, or any altcoin backers. We identified a necessity - the need to easily store and manage passwords for people who want to keep a backup or tend to forget them and notice that the solution that came to a problem could be used to solve much more. As we already said, we are not and cannot be backers on any crypto currency because, as an institution that is not devoted to that specifically, we must remain totally neutral.
3) We're not asking for blind donations with nothing in return. We are offering the possibility of pre-ordering it so we can reach the minimum 6000 units required by the manufacturer. If you make a contribution through IndieGoGo, you are basically making a pre-order and can expect to receive it as soon as it comes out of manufacturing.
Best regards.
@_date: 2014-02-18 15:36:15
Hi gabet123
In a piece of hardware so small and so thin, adding touchscreen features and drag and drop, if even possible, would make the wallet very expensive. This first generation of cards is supposed to be very simple so it can be cheap. After we have a chance to get ourselves out there and gain some leverage over the manufacturer, we'll be able to add new features to make it more versatile without making it a lot more expensive.
Please do look at our project again, we'll appreciate it. And if you could help spread the word as loud as you can, it would be awesome. We only have 35 days to reach the goal, now.
Best regards
@_date: 2014-03-17 16:43:02
It seems you didn't read anything from the website, but here it is the explanation.
1) The card knows your keys. Only the card. Only YOUR card. We will never know them, we will never have access to them. The card does not generate keys, you add the keys to the card. The card has no means of remote access, so it cannot be exploited remotely and we have no chance of knowing your keys.
2) It is not trivial to bruteforce the pin because a) it will not be a single pin but a regular password and b) because after 5 failed attempts the card will be blocked and only using a code similar to a PUK you will be able to unlock it. And even then you will have to use YOUR password to use it. The PUK code is unique to each card and will only give you the ability to make another 5 tries, it will not fully unlock the card.
@_date: 2014-03-17 16:35:29
It will be vaporware if the required value to pay for the first batch of 6000 units isn't met. That's the only thing between the orders and production. Delivery is expected to start in August, according to the manufacturer.
@_date: 2014-03-17 16:31:25
The device will be available by the time they start being shipped. The data doesn't die, the power adapter is a simple USB cable. The only thing you lose when the battery gets depleted is the ability to use the card without an external power source, and that's for the first generations, until it's possible to make them with rechargeable batteries... but then again all this information was already on the website.
And the keys are not generated by the device, the device has no remote access means. You add your own keys to the device. That ensures that the manufacturer doesn't have any access to the keys.
@_date: 2014-03-17 16:36:35
It's customizable and the image presented will not be the only available color set. By the time manufacturing starts, all that ordered it will be able to select from several available color sets at no extra cost.
@_date: 2014-02-17 17:58:58
Hi guys
In response to your doubts, you do get in line to receive a Pitbull Wallet with a contribution in Bitcoin, but only if we manage to reach the goal. That goal was set having in mind a minimum order of 6000 units demanded by the manufacturer. Converting between dollar and Bitcoin has costs and due to value fluctuations the Bitcoin contributions may have devalued by the end of the campaign, so we may be unable to return the same amount of bitcoin you donated.
If you are ok with that, then by all means, donate in bitcoin and we'll figure out a way to convert it into the campaign. 
But be sure to properly identify yourself and select the corresponding perk.
We've setup a campaign on Bitstarter, although Bitstarter is down at the moment. 
If we do reach the goal, it's business as usual.
If you guys have any more doubts, feel free to ask. Also, you can send any questions to mail [ at ] ondatechnology.org if you would rather ask them privately.
@_date: 2014-02-17 18:13:33
I'm João and I'm the "Team Daddy" for the Pitbull Wallet.
As jtooker said, QR Codes have embedded error correction. The Pitbull Wallet has no link with the outside world except via keyboard and screen. It was a compromise between security and convenience made for the first generation of cards. However, due to the size and weight of the Pitbull Wallet, is really unlikely that anything happens to it by falling from a building. Since it is roughly the same weight and has the same measures of a credit card, it would have to take a significant amount of damage to ruin it. The card itself is somewhat flexible, being based on a platform already in use by VISA and Mastercard.
Best regards
@_date: 2014-03-17 16:39:52
And you are making that statement based on...?
@_date: 2014-02-26 09:38:09
From the comment you wrote, I don't quite see if you understand what a crowdfunding campaing is and what you get for contributing.
You are basically getting yourself in line to be one of the first to receive a unit of the product. You are pre-ordering it. You're not giving money away from the goodness of your heart - which, from the comment you wrote, I'm in doubt if you have one.
Besides, without any type of funding, how else are any products at all going to see the light of day? In this case, if we don't reach the $150000 goal, we'll not have enough money to manufacture the initial minimum batch of 6000 units imposed by the manufacturer. This means that no one will receive their units but they will receive their money back.
Putting your money in BTC was your risk to take, nobody actually forced you into it and is not really a reason why you shouldn't help. It's irrelevant to this matter. It only has to do with you.
Also, you are assuming we are crypto-backers and that it is our obligation somehow to do it without any of you contributing. It's not even our obligation at all. And we are not crypto-backers, we're not even involved. As an institution we are - and must remain - totally neutral. Our focus is on creating great projects. We just identified something that could be a necessity in a group - managing passwords easily - and tried to provide a solution and while doing so we discovered it could be applied to another necessity as well - the cold storage of digital wallets. Then we came up with an idea. Then a project. And then, after much work and a lot of back and forth with the manufacturer, a product. You are complaining about investing $10 to $25 when we've already put hundreds of work hours into it and even a lot of money researching and developing. We're not even asking funds for research, the research is done, we're going straight to manufacturing. Manufacturing of a product that will never see the light of day because of people like yourself. It's that kind of comments that make us rethink everything and think about giving up and not helping at all, not contributing to the world with our projects, because you make awful presumptions and make people feel bad just for comming up with an idea. Then, great projects and products like this one end up never coming forward and end up forgotten for all time. Sometimes, someone else thinks of them, sometimes they don't.
Yes startups will come "that will offer these services", but if they do, that means they will have the necessary money that we don't. Money doesn't grow on trees. Now tell me, without any money, how will anyone make a crypto startup? Would you rather have a lot of great projects never see the light of day because of lack of funding? Your comment doesn't make any sense. To build any startup at all it is always necessary to have money. To manufacture a product, you need money. Before you are able to buy a product on the stores, someone has already spent a lot of time and money developing it, manufacturing it, marketing it, money that many times was initially gathered by some rock-age version of crowdfunding from people who believed in whatever product and team that started that fortune.
Would you prefer us to go to sell our souls to the devil by going with a VC or Business Angel to put an inferior product on the street and take a lot longer than it would if we went the crowdfunding route? And most likely end up with a worse quality product by having our decisions constantly questioned and overriden by people who know nothing about the technology involved or the work required to build something like this?
Too bad that we're not in the mood to go to hell and would rather crowdfund a project openly than offering our asses for corporate sodomy.
And your comment shows one more thing, which is that you didn't pay enough attention to understand that this project is from an officially registered non-profit institute, so even if there was the will, it would be impossible to go with a VC or BS funding, pardon me, BA funding. And if you say you took a risk by going with crypto, that could mean that you must have really invested seriously - otherwise, how significant could be the risk be for you to be able to claim such? -, which also means you have deep pockets. Unfortunately, not everyone else in the world has them. The $10 or $25 you're not investing because "you took a risk" is nothing next to the hundreds of work hours and money we already spent developing it, and to the tens of unnerving hours spent discussing it and negotiating it with the manufacturer to drive the price down as much as possible. This is also something that people who make comments like yours usually forget. They think these things come out by magic and are readily available for production, and that the manufacturers gladly retool all their equipment to produce just a few units at a time until the product picks up steam.
So were we expecting people with deep pockets to invest $10 or $25 by pre-ordering something that is a great product? Yes, we were and it totally makes sense. And yes, the product is on pre-order and we are charging for the end product which, at the same time, is our funding. The only thing separating anyone from the end product, is us reaching the goal so we can order the initial batch and start sending the cards to those who backed us by pre-ordering.
If you don't like the product, if it doesn't fit your needs, very well, it's understandable. There is no solution that can fit everyone's needs and we totally understand that. But the arguments you used simply make no sense.
We have no obligation towards you or anyone to just make bitcoin or any crypto happen to you. Having an idea for a product doesn't magically make us responsible for helping your cryptos get stronger. It's not our job or something that we signed up for. We're simply offering something that might be helpful and useful. Our only obligation is to keep our promises and make sure that those who pre-order it, receive as fast as they can, a product as great as technically possible.