@_author: joaobeno
@_date: 2016-01-21 19:07:48
No, it is opt-in, opt-in, look, you need to append the flag


will permit it, not block it, so you need to add the flag to permit RBF, so, no flag, no RBF...
Edit: Reading further comments, some people seems to be mistaking this change that affect the mempool with one that affects the transactions...
@_date: 2016-01-19 11:00:18
Man, keep cool, I didn't know he was the author as there is no signature neither on the summary or on the [main site]( as of sidechains, I could mention many articles that say something an non-bitcoin-specialist may mistake as they put all on the same basket of inovations, and even the main site has this sentence: " *A decentralized system is proposed whereby transactions are sent over a network of micropayment channels (a.k.a. payment channels or transaction channels) whose transfer of value occurs off-blockchain.* ", that is pretty much the description of some side chains, don't you think. Now, I understand that it may not be a sidechain on the context of liquid, for example, but nevertheless these "channels" are not clearly explained, at least not in layman's terms.
Look, I'm a developer, so I understand coding, but I'm not a *bitcoin* dev, so, for people like me, Blockstream people should do some middle ground explanation, and make clear what are the trade-offs, and possible costs that I may incur to use the new features.
Now it is all about "Hey, they know what they are doing, keep cool", but it doesn't sound like that... The article I linked hints about costs related to finding trustable nodes, and/or costs to keep data on the private transactions safe until it is sent to the blockchain (As some companies can sell trust, like banks do, and protocol compatible storage solutions).
Edit: forgot the "not"...
@_date: 2016-01-19 09:07:24
You need to understand that the wrong chain is the shorter one, independent if it's devs are doing good or bad things, and I doubt that a such critical change would make people upgrade to the new version that implements it...
If Classic fails, and their blocks will be invalid to Core nodes, since they are bigger that they are supposed to, and the Core chain will be taller, maybe with some invalid blocks, therefore, the Classic will be the wrong chain, since it produces invalid blocks, and the majority of blocks are smaller valid ones.
@_date: 2016-01-21 20:17:16
Too much text, no links to participate... Where do I join the testnet?
@_date: 2016-01-19 02:06:09
So, I read it all and some of it's links, and while a lot of it is just personal attacks on Mike, it make some points that is unclear at this point (At least for me):
1) The current state of Lighting Network (LN), it's ETA and it's cost of operations. Some people make it looks like LN is a private network that we will have to pay to use, and that "Vanilla" Bitcoin is being held back so to make LN more attractive. I've read a bit on LN, it's sidechains, but it was unclear if I could send some money from my PC to my mobile (Both who run a client outside any wallet providers [Why replace banks with wallets?]), then go to a cafe and buy my Latte, or when I order some late night pizza, will sidechains help me get my latte or my pizza without waiting for it? And if yes, without any associated fee to be paid to anyone else but the miners? If I need to send money to my mom, on another country, for an urgent matter, and then I go offline for some reason, will it mess with the sidechain?
2) I kind of see the point with RBF, and I think it is good to be able to bid for a spot on the next block, or to be able to call back my coins if I send them to the wrong guy, or to be able to fix any last-minute mistake in general... But I think people rely on the current risk and trade-offs to do business, simply take it from them and tell they did it wrong is to blunt. Like [this NYT article]( will they be able to do that kind of transaction with RBF? Will they have to wait one hour to get six confirmations and only then complete their transaction? If no, all Argentinians will have to opt-out of RBF? If yes, it doesn't means a lot of people will end up not opting in to it, so deepening the divide on community?
3) I understand SegWit benefits, and at first I agreed with it, but then I read the other side, as it implements a lot of changes on an important part of the code (the consensus part), and people arguing that it is deployed too fast, before a big test can be made to grant that it is safe and harmless, other argument is that it *may* give the benefit of an 1.75MB block without messing with the limit, but it will take time, and even so, will be only in best case scenarios. These arguments aren't covered on any post or QA that I've found so far, so it is hard to judge if it is the right move to do now. I'm even more on the against team due to the fact that doubling the block size seems to be easy to implement (So easy that Bitcoin Classic devs did it and are ready to push it to everyone), and I think it will do far less harm than a 4MB or a 8MB block would on the current state of decentralization.
I think the problem is how this all is being pushed out. I would be more with Core, if they took the 2MB block, then create a big informative QA about SegWit, covering any easily imaginable way of abusing it with old nodes and old wallets, with explanations, both simple and complex, on how to avoid them. Then they could improve (and I'm willing to help with it) the LN site, with more explanations on current status, ETA, changes from current bitcoin, another big QA about questions like the ones I placed on my first point, and so on. Other thing is avoid the arms race, and be more open about discussions and explanations. I know it may be hard to talk the same lines a thousand time, but it is good for people to be able to get a good reply to their worries with the people some other people are calling as evil. Mike may deserve all the adjectives core people put on him on the last days, but do you really need to call him like that in every single post? It makes reading your counter posts even harder, and boring, and level the game too low. Why not answer his points with a plain conciliatory text, with a lot of links with both simple and complex explanations to why are his points wrong? I know it maybe even harder to be polite with him may be hard, but being polite help us to pick your side instead of his.
@_date: 2016-01-19 00:28:56
Yea, be smart, try to understand what's an cry for help from someone that loved something and is now seeing it go to the worst possible direction (at least what he thinks is the the worst) sounds like, and then try to read more posts, more discussions and different points of view before taking any action... You know, make your own mind...
@_date: 2016-01-19 09:23:23
Yea, I know that, but sidechains are part of LN, I've read the summary, and some articles, [like this]( and the points they make on **Associated risks** made me worried, like: *The counterparty may also be able to steal funds if one of the participants losses data. This can be mitigated by installing a third-party data storage service where encrypted data gets sent to this third party service.*, and the final quotation: *"One should choose channel counterparties who are responsible and willing to provide the current state, with some periodic tests of honesty."*. It gives me the impression that I will have to pay someone to backup my data, and/or I will have to pay someone to be a part of my transactions so that they can be safe. 
edit: fixing the link
@_date: 2016-01-21 23:32:14
Please broadcast the meeting on periscope. Comments disabled, so we can see what is going on...
@_date: 2016-01-21 11:55:14
Lol, literally everybody is saying this: "2MB is not 8MB", and is implemented, tested and scheduled to go live before SegWit, and will gave results before SegWit. Everybody wants just to do business as usual, until LN and SegWit can come in tested and ready for primetime... I think the sole thing many people agreed on Hearn post was that many important people was tired of waiting in long lines for confirmations and didn't want to wait more for a clear instantaneous win solution.
As these debates goes on, and the moderates seeks knowledge and ends up siding with the fork, or siding with core (maybe for fear of the threatened resignation), it gets harder to predict what is going to happen, since there is a lot on the table right now.
@_date: 2016-01-21 19:20:49
Isn't it so? If you don't append the flag, the mempool will ignore conflicting transactions, if you append it, it will honor the replacement transaction...
Edit: Now i understand it... It is enabled by default, if I don't want it, I need to append:


so it ignore RBF transactions, is it right?
@_date: 2016-01-18 18:28:39
There is no minority chain, just wrong chain. If the classic's chain is longer, and the core's one is the wrong chain, and as the first chain speed grows, and more people go to it, it grows more and faster, eventually rendering the wrong chain irrelevant.