@_author: joe_ip
@_date: 2014-07-18 21:23:47
I'm posting a lot of these questions to our engineers.  They are very busy peeps, please be patient when it comes to responses to question.  
I can explain briefly the backend of swivelCard and what exactly it can do.  
The typical transaction is: 
You receive your box of cards (200 minimum).  On the front of the box is a serial number.  
Once you receive the box you log into a web portal that allows you to register the cards.  
The web portal currently serves three separate functions.  
1 To add more paper to your account
2 Analytics
3 To change groups or individual card URL's
To keep it simple, if you registered 1 card you could plug it in, identify it, name it and enter a URL into the route field.  
If you handed that card to me, when I plugged it in it would send me to whatever URL you assigned it to.  
On your end, in the management portal you'd see the name of the card activating.  
You could then re-select the card (without having the physical paper in your hand) at this point you could deactivate it or change the URL as many times as you would need to.  
@_date: 2014-07-18 20:57:43
BobAlison, thanks for taking the time helping us out understanding something like this.  I'll be the first to admit, I have very little knowledge of Bitcoin, its the office Unicorn.  I wonder if you could help me understand the transaction side to Bitcoin.  I noticed that we have a restaurant here in Spokane, WA that accepts Bitcoin as a form of currency.  Could you explain what a typical transaction like that would look like?
@_date: 2014-07-22 23:33:36
Thank you bonerfly!!
@_date: 2014-07-22 23:33:21
The guarantee is at least five times.  However, I've personally used on 20+ times.  Typically the hinges break before the ink wears.  I've never actually had the ink wear off enough to the point of inactivity. 
Individual cards can be deactivated remotely.  So as a storage device, if you lost one you could simply disconnect it form the digital experience you have it connected to.  