@_author: joebitcoinorg
@_date: 2014-05-09 09:20:27
Talk about blockchain bloat!  The whole idea of an election where the "majority wins" is a scam to begin with.   I'd hate to see bitcoin tech being used to oppress the minorities of the world.
Still the voting on a sidechain is  interesting tech to apply to corporations still trapped in the "Majority wins" mentality.
As to IDs the 4th ammendment principle - to be free from unreasonable search and seizure applies here to anonymity - One should be anonymous in relation to a government and such government should not be able to discern which way a "citizen" voted - yet the "citizen" should be able to run an analysis of the votes to prove in the end result that his vote was tallied correctly.
@_date: 2014-05-03 07:18:50
"The Secrets of the Federal Reserve" by the late Eustace Mullins.  Only about 99 small pages as I recall.
Money Mechanics by one of the Federal Reserve Banks - Out of print, though pdfs do circulate.
 
@_date: 2014-02-17 22:15:07
It looks like your organization is doing important work.  When you find cervical cancer do the doctors recommend ozone treatment?  Here is a testimony of a stage three cervical cancer where the patient was able to bear a child.  
The Ozone Research Center of Cuba might be good for your organization to be introduced to.  
I'm glad to see medical organizations getting attention for bitcoin contributions.  People's health is so important.
As dentist's were sold on using fluoride, other harmful ingredients have been rolled out to the public through the administration of drugs condoned  as effective by government health organizations.
The organization might enlist Remote Reiki healers as well as part of an exploration to bring health to remote corners of the Earth.
@_date: 2014-10-31 08:26:22
  An organization already providing world passports.   It would be cool to get this PGP/Crypto passport in use for passports.  And have world notaries too.
@_date: 2014-01-22 08:57:06
Now if we can keep people from installing proprietary secruity vulnerabilities on their new Linux desktops like, Skype, Adobe Flash, and video codecs that aren't open sourced we'll be another step further along.
Lets think further along these lines...
OnLine UPS devices - to protect from data leakage via the power lines.
No Wifi chipsets onboard - to protect from OS independant hardware access.
A cage of RF shielding using high voltage Tesla plates to supress any other electronic signal intelligence from easedropping.
Yes, I agree, this will be a big year for Linux because of Bitcoin and I think the world will be better off on both accounts!
Here's a shout out to the Milwaukee Linux User Group from the west coast!
@_date: 2014-02-17 19:52:18
I hope this means real treatment instead of jacking the world up with dna disrupting vaccines.  One example of how to improve health in developing countries: Show people how to make their own colloidal silver impregnated clay pots to reduce bacteria and viruses in their water.  
@_date: 2014-12-23 22:04:01
Is there a bitcoin address where funds can be sent to earmarked for this Jury Nullification education?  People might not wish to register with neither coinfunder nor indiegogo. 
@_date: 2017-09-09 03:16:19
I really like the tone of your part of the conversation.  Thanks for that.  I mean it.  
About how the banks issue a loan.  First they pay maybe one or two million dollars to get licensed in a state.  Then the first 42 million dollars there is no reserve requirement.  So they get to make that up out of thin air with nothing in the bank at all.  So how does this work?  
Johnny fills out a loan application with his signature on it.  Bank A registers this application with the Federal Reserve on a ledger for Johnny at Bank A as an asset worth the face value of the loan.  This becomes an asset that Bank A can issue credit against.
Bank A sells Johnny a mortgage for $100,000 .  A check goes to Susie who banks at Bank B.
Now at the end of the day, when all the checks clear between banks, Bank A is short $100,000 that it owes to Bank B, so there is an inter-bank lending rate determined by the Fed which is much less than the rate that Johnny is paying so Bank A actually is guaranteed to make a profit so long as payments commence.  It's also likely that Bank A takes out insurance in case Johnny can't make his payments so they can keep their obligations to Bank B in honor no matter what.
They call this elasticity.  I call it bull shit.  Truth In lending requires the lender to disclose the source of the funds.  Bank A never had the funds to lend.  Hence in truth Bank A is not the lender.   Bank B didn't issue the funds either come to think of it.  Bank B just is contracting to say OK, we trust that you're good for the obligation and we'll let this go on payments.
It's a well crafted illusion we can all pop with a simple tool called a letter of rescission.  This is a letter canceling our signature.  We don't have to say why.  In fact it's better if we don't.  Because the recission jerks that special credit with the Federal Reserve off the balance sheets, causes the bank to have to give your payments back with fees, and release the lean on the house.
Congress knew the banks would mess things up so they crafted things this way such that the borrower would have the upper hand in these disputes.  But this information is burried and not believed by most who hear it.
Now admittedly I've pieced this information together from unusual sources over the years so I can't stand behind it all 100%.  But it makes sense to me from what I've heard.  And it's the best explaination as to why banks don't have a leg to stand on when they make a loan to someone.  Because as a rule they are lending something that didn't exist before the signature came on the application.  
Now back to you and your nice tone in your letter.  I hope that I can improve my writing to be kind and nice.  But this stuff gets under my skin.  It used to enrage me with moral indignation.  I'm a little calmer about it these days.  I used to stand on street corners with a sign that read "Close All Banks!"  - I kid you not.
I wrote a song to the tune of "home home on the range" that goes something like this....
Oh protect my home from the banks and their loans 
and the sheriffs who won't understand...
the games that banks play
on their ledgers each day
Banks invent all the credit they lend.
Send all the bankers to jail
throw their loans in the sea with the whales
for the notes that they wrote are unable to float
now we know that their made of thin air.
Oh give me a bank 
where my wealth can stay safe
where silver and gold do not stray (and now bitcoin too)
where taxes are heard as a dirty word
and government stays away.
there's more to that song, but I can't remember it at the moment.
Yeah, the FDIC.  LOL  I called them to find out how much they had on deposit to help with a crisis  back in 2008.  42 million dollars was all they had  and they were insuring Billions.  You addressed this well.  
I hope you understand in my description of the mechanics of the lending process  why I don't find any moral basis for banks.
I find that the difficulty of accessing money drives down prices.  and I like that aspect of scarcity of money.   I don't think banks should be able to invent credit to offer a new home to someone because it distorts the market price for homes.
I hope we meet some day.  Cheers and good weekend to you.
Bye for now.
Go, go, Crypto!  (I like that!)
Oh, incidentally, I think that since fractional reserve lending became so prevasive that we should introduce a crypto based on the system I deplore.  I'm sure it would be wildly successful.  People could buy anything that they wanted to because the currency would inflate to accomodate their demands.  Somehow I really think that it would work somehow, although I introduce it as a joke.
Somehow we have got to evolve past money.    I'm actually more interested in this goal than Bitcoin, but I think that Bitcoin and KomodoPlatform are huge steps in the right direction out of one aspect of money -  that is central control over it.
@_date: 2017-09-05 02:06:47
When a loan is issued to a customer it's structured such that only 10% of the loan needs to be real money on deposit.  They create the other 90% of the loan out of thin air.  How can they do this?  The banks honor each other's shortfalls at the end of the day by issueing loans to each other to make up for the shortfalls. This system of "elasticity" has worked to devalue the US Dollar down to 1% of it's past wealth.  It's horrible inflation, it gives the banks all the spoils when people default.  
So I'd rather have an honest money system where everyone understands the dynamics of how the money system works.  Thank goodness for Bitcoin.  It really seems to be a step in the right direction.
I also am concerned that banks make decisions as to what are valid uses for loans.  All these things have created huge distortions in the economy.  I think that if we had true economic condition and not fairy economics of the Federal Reserve, Banks and Credit Unions that we would have a wonderful world where capital went in truely productive directions for civilization.
I'm happy you shared your opinion.  I've been foreclosed on, lost a house.  And they never gave up money for my house... they invented it.  I gave hard earned money to pay what I did toward the house and I get nothing to show for it.  Somethings wrong and I demand remedy.
@_date: 2015-04-25 15:55:16
Yes I seem to recall that Wells Fargo got busted for ordering the transactions in a way to accumulate the highest fees.
@_date: 2015-04-01 23:45:43
They aren't showing my new favourite mobile wallet, AirBitz.
@_date: 2015-04-23 06:25:54
I think that the current financial system is fraudulent to it's core.  Bitcoin offers a breath of fresh air.  Should deposits dry up in the banks as people chase Bitcoins with their dollars, the value of dollars go down as the value of Bitcoin goes up.  I think that it's only a matter of time before the dollar goes extinct.  Bitcoin will outlast the dollar in my opinion.  I think that one Bitcoin will grow to a value that exceeds today's value of one million dollars.
@_date: 2015-03-16 19:12:19
thank you so much for your work in the jury nullification space.
I invite you to connect on linked in or twitter.
@_date: 2015-02-10 08:33:22
I think there are communication techniques which are instant throughout the parallel universes.  Time travel of data might be an interesting risk.