@_author: joebeigh
@_date: 2014-01-02 04:19:03
They explained that they thought the fairest, most appropriate price was the localbitcoins.com price, since they are offering the same immediacy as that method of acquiring BTC, so the machine is taking that feed for pricing.  This price is probably a small number of percent above the Mt. Gox spot price most of the time.  I am pretty sure they do not add any fee onto that.  All of this might change though, since they won't be going live officially with the machine for a week or so.  Tonight was a soft launch and the machine worked very smoothly for lots of people.
@_date: 2014-01-02 04:39:52
It is located at Bitcoin Decentral, home of the Bitcoin Alliance of Canada and several other Bitcoin companies.  Street address is 64 Spadina Ave., just south of King St. in downtown Toronto.
@_date: 2012-11-26 06:46:38
I recently started selling BTC to Canadians via Interac or direct deposit to my Scotia account.  I am Joe.Beigh on localbitcoins dot com ( Joe.Beigh on google mail).  
Selling at Mt. Gox ask plus 1.5%.
Will buy as well if you have BTC to unload.
@_date: 2013-12-02 14:16:22
The thief probably won't be fool enough to use an exchange to do the conversion.  So it is likely that the bulk of these previous circulating coins will be sidelined for quite some time, causing a significant drop in supply of Bitcoin.  This low liquidity condition should contribute to a surge in price of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-12-27 04:44:25
I'm in Toronto for the holidays and can set up a transaction with you.  I am reachable at:
@_date: 2013-12-18 15:59:57
I believe this is just part of the restructuring mandated by the government.  Third party payment processors are not allowed to work with BTC exchanges any more (probably because they don't document their customers as thoroughly as banks do).  And banks are not allowed to touch BTC.  But banks will be able to send RMB to BTC exchanges for suitably documented customers, since that is a simple RMB payment to a legal business.
Almost everybody misunderstands what China is doing.  This is a predicted short term drop in price as reorganization occurs in China around the new regulations. To remain a competitive exporter, China keeps the RMB artificially weak and to this end China needs tight control of the RMB in order to keep it in its forex trading band.  A part of China's currency control mechanism is the limitation on movements from RMB into other currencies to $50,000 US per year per person.  Bitcoin presented too easy a path for moving out of RMB before the new regs came down.  The government now requires all BTC exchange clients to be fully documented.  And fully documented bank customers will be allowed to move RMB in and out of exchanges.  Also, exchanges will be able to take cash in person, so they may open up storefronts.  These cash transactions will probably have to be fully documented.
The government sees value in having its citizens hold some of their savings in BTC, just as it has promoted gold and silver for this purpose.  But it wants to avoid the creation of a huge bubble, so it forced the exchanges to institute trading fees and educate the consumer.
@_date: 2013-12-19 16:58:45
1. Compared to Bitcoin there is extremely little effort and investment going into the Litecoin space.  Litecoin has some value in that it enables people to move in and out of Bitcoin in an Bitcoin-focussed emergency (Eg. a Bitcoin blockchain fork), it keeps the Bitcoin developers "honest" to a certain extent (they can't be coerced by governments to introduce something too crazy into the protocol) and it provides fertile ground for protocol and feature experimentation.  Any significant innovations developed in the context of any crypto currency has the potential to be adopted by Bitcoin should that innovation prove to be disruptive in a positive sense.  An alt-currency like Namecoin, which serves a different purpose and niche from that of Bitcoin has much more reason to exist and thrive than a Bitcoin copycat that mostly exists to enrich developers and early adopters.  Soon, small BTC transactions will be processed mostly through payment processors like Coinbase and BitPay with very small fees, so the 10-minute block confirmation target will not be much of an issue.  These will be instantaneous and require zero confirmations since the BTC will already be in the payers account and the transaction will not touch the blockchain.
2. There is no such thing as permanent stability.  Bitcoin and any other system can only strive to achieve a long-term dynamic equilibrium.  All (centralized) states and all (centralized) fiat monetary systems in history have only remained stable for relatively short periods of time.  Bitcoin will derive staying power from global use in a huge number of business niches both currently existing and soon-to-be-invented due to the enabling characteristics of Bitcoin.  It is simply supply and demand: a true free market.  Bitcoin has and will develop characteristics that make it more valuable than other payment and value storage vehicles, so it will be in demand for many applications.  Also, at some point, Distributed Autonomous Companies or Organizations will take on mature forms.  These entities will be self-stabilizing: they will exist for as long as they are viable.  They will have to provide products or services, charge for them, and pay their own expenses.  They will be developed in a distributed fashion through the agency of software developers and investors.  Investors will be paid via dividends thrown off by the autonomous corporation.
3. In order to replace Bitcoin with a "frictionless electronic p2p payment network for USD," it will have to be cheaper to run than Bitcoin, be more secure, have the same range of anonymity and perfect tracking available to savvy Bitcoin users, available to all people of all nations, ….   In addition, it would have to demonstrate to people that it is not centrally controlled or co-optable or coercible by a small group of powerful people at the outset or in the future.   Many people are waking up to the power and fairness of distributed systems.  Power corrupts; centralized power corrupts absolutely (eventually).  
4.  Bitcoin usage and valuation is growing according to a power law process of global adoption.  On a semi-log graph growth is likely to look linear for several years.  On a non-log graph it will follow an S-curve with rapid exponential adoption followed by a long period of slower asymptotic growth.  Huge bubbles will look like tiny blips when viewed from the perspective of a year later.  Bitcoin is essentially a financial tech startup in thousands of different niches simultaneously with a workforce of hundreds of thousands of technologists and business developers around the globe and a customer base that will grow to encompass the entire planet.  While increasing transactional demand drives the fundamental price of Bitcoin (people have to hold it short term in order to pay for things, others are holding it longer term as a store of value, and still others are short- or mid-term speculators (weak hands and price manipulators).  The present fundamental price (removing the third category of BTC holders from the market) is probably under $300 US but is growing quickly.  Adoption and price will continue to grow in a series of speculative bubbles that inflate and partially deflate in waves of greed, manipulation and fear.  Large financial players are very interested in the Bitcoin space and are making plays and planning plays.  The more nimble Wall Street types and tech titans (wealthy individuals) will drive the Bitcoin monetary base to $100,000,000,000.  At that level it will be much more difficult for manipulators to use FUD and tape painting techniques to drive price down and up.   With the addition of more diverse BTC trading instruments (a more mature selection of futures, options, CFDs, mutual funds, ETFs, insured accounts, …) volatility will diminish enough to enable small and mid-size aggressive hedge funds to enter the space.  This will drive the BTC monetary base toward and beyond $1,000,000,000,000.  At this point it will be much harder for manipulators to affect price significantly and larger, more conservative funds can get involved including mutual funds and pension funds, making price even more stable.  Speculation will drive the development of the Bitcoin space to the point that the value attributed to speculative activity will morph into value attributed to fundamentals.  Essentially a series of bubbles will be blown and inside each bubble the infusion of money and effort will build layers of fundamental scaffolding to support the skin of the bubble at increasing sizes.   I expect all of this to happen or be largely underway over the next 2-3 years.
@_date: 2013-12-14 19:35:40
This excellent article regarding consumer protection when using Bitcoin was just published:
@_date: 2013-11-26 05:18:03
It seems possible -- even likely -- to me that Ron and Shamir are extremely high quality, primarily honest academics.  Perhaps when the government, or the corporate overlords (including CITI) that control various aspects of their lives and the lives of people they care about, or nasty men from nasty agencies come calling and request that they look into (read: invent) a possible link between The Founder and DPR, perhaps they acquiesce.  But given that they might possess a bit of grace under pressure they constructed a hit piece that was ludicrous and at the same time gave them as much deniability (towards any who might have pressured them) as possible.  They even planted a small but prominent "This is Wrong" flag right at the start of the paper.  The first word -- in bold face and extra large type -- is spelled wrong: "Inrtoduction."  They couldn't be more clear than that under the circumstances.
These guys have been playing in shark infested waters for a long time at RSA, so it wouldn't surprise me if they each had a TLA control file many inches high.
The larger plan was likely to put out this obviously ridiculous paper with prominent, very well respected names attached and support it in the online media and blogosphere by having their legions of paid sock puppets try to drive it into prominence for a news cycle or two.
