@_author: joecascio
@_date: 2017-12-11 17:14:20
I presume that would invalidate the old key? I'm asking because I can't find the old key, even though I'm still using the same phone. If it does create a new one, can I just create a new account on the same phone and then have it continue to work with the new key? I just would rather get a new key and write it down this time so I don't have to jump through hoops when I get a new phone sometime down the road.
Thanks so much!!
@_date: 2017-12-09 04:58:59
RE: Coinbase and Google Authenticator. I am using GA and everything is working fine, but I am considering getting a new phone and can't find the "secret key" to enable GA on a new phone. I see on the security page a link "Regenerate secret key". What does this link do? Give me the old key again, or create a new key?
Can I use this to simply create a new key for my phone so I can write it down, or recover the old key I enabled my phone with? 
I just don't want to get myself in some kind of Catch-22 where generating a new code invalidates the old code, and then I need the old code to enable the new code or some such circle of hell. :) There's nothing I can find on the coinbase help that explains what that link does. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 16:24:02
Excellent. Makes total sense. Thanks so much!!
@_date: 2017-12-09 17:17:19
What was the original question on this? (it has been deleted). I am trying to determine if the Regenerate link gives me the existing key or creates a new one. 
@_date: 2014-02-08 18:16:34
This is very clever and makes a good point. Unfortunately, its impact is diluted by a scattering of obvious English usage, punctuation and grammar errors. If the author is thinking of publishing this widely, I would be happy to correct the errors before it goes out.
@_date: 2014-03-15 14:30:33
Delighted to see that you are finally getting comfortable with bitcoin. It could be a huge source of donations for Wikipedia.
@_date: 2012-07-25 11:31:37
Python ( and the web framework for it, django ( are a better development path than php, in my estimation. There are other python web frameworks, too, but django seems to be gaining the most traction.
@_date: 2012-07-25 12:36:07
There will eventually be 21 million btc, which corresponds to roughly $82/btc... still very attractive. :)
@_date: 2012-11-22 13:53:18
Yes, I've been happy with coinbase so far. They had a bit of an outage yesterday when one of their servers went wonky, but overall they're good. I like that they're backed by YCombinator, which is a sign of at least some credibility. 
The best thing about them is the low cost. Only 1% + 15 cents flat ACH charge when you move dollars in/out of your bank account. BitInstant cost in the range of 10% by the time all the middlemen get their cut. 
Currently, there's a $100/day limit, but they say that will be raised in the future. I'm in the process of buying small amounts of btc every few days, so at this point that limit is not a problem. 
While this does slow down doing a big transaction, it has the effect of putting less of your money at risk in their hands at any one time. I always move the btc to my own wallet immediately after a purchase rather than leave it with them. 
I also really like the ability to move money in/out of my bank account rather than having to do the cash deposits or get involved with other kinds of services like Trust Cash. Those are just more places where things can go wrong.
@_date: 2012-05-24 17:31:30
Apple might consider bitcoin a competitor to their own products, namely iTunes, which could turn into a payment system at some point. Another reason I'm glad I'm an Android user and developer.
@_date: 2012-10-11 12:48:52
Bank transfers usually take a couple of days to get through the banking system. Bank transfers into PayPal, for instance take anywhere from 3-5 days.
@_date: 2012-12-08 05:13:42
To me the biggest win for your business would be the ability to accept payments from anywhere in the world, and to be able to pay artists anywhere in the world. This could make you an international business, not just a US business, or make you bigger internationally if you're already there. If people in, say Iran, could buy their favorite Iranian artists, it gets more of their artists to publish with you and hence more consumers.
@_date: 2013-03-20 05:32:03
I keep wondering the same thing. You'd think the "adult" industry would be all over this. Just the possibility of getting more and less levied international business would enough to convince them. I've sent a couple of twitter messages to some of the talent (who often have their own sites), and one to the owner/CEO of one of the biggest sites out there, all to exactly no response. Which is really weird because as has been mentioned, the producers must abide by often ridiculous and utterly arbitrary "rules" put on them by the payment processors, not to mention outrageous fees.
The only reason I've heard in reply is that they require age verification and that somehow credit cards give you that, which is of course laughable because any one can use a credit card no matter who it belongs to. 
@_date: 2013-03-23 12:00:50
I am having a very hard time making trades thru Coinbase lately, too. They have some kind of rolling 24 hr limit on how many trades they make. Not sure if buying and selling are linked. But they're always outta Schlitz just at the time you want to buy. Like... uh NOW, when the price is down. 
All these trading issues, and the FinCEN ruling, would be solved if more people used bitcoin to buy and sell goods and services, rather than as a speculative commodity investment. Using bitcoin in commerce makes  it available for circulation without having to go thru a currency exchange to get it. This neatly sidesteps all the FinCEN regulation.
So I think these big dips in price, like the one last night are actually a good thing in the long run because they prompt people to sell, which makes more bitcoin available for actual commerce. Probably the best thing that could happen to bitcoin is price stability, or a very slow price decline, which would prompt people to buy things. ie, an inflationary trend.
@_date: 2013-12-08 17:08:55
When you create a transaction to spend some bitcoin, the transaction record sent to the network by your client is signed with the private key, but it contains only the matching public key. For the network servers, it's a quick cryptographic operation to verify that the signature was created using the private key that matches the public key contained in the transaction. In this way, it's possible to validate that the transaction could only have come from the person owning the key pair without exposing the private key. Most installed apps will have a function to verify a message against a signature using a public key, if you'd like to check it out.
@_date: 2013-01-29 19:40:00
I echo the comment made earlier. As soon as I buy bitcoin from coinbase, I transfer it out of their wallet and into my personal one. They've also told me that at some point, they will support making transactions directly to an address you specify, rather than one of theirs. This would relieve you of having to make that transfer out by yourself. 
I have found coinbase to be quite helpful so far, although they still have startup hiccups from time to time. My last transfer to my desktop wallet was held up for several hours, but eventually went thru. Generally transfers to my desktop happen immediately. They followed up with an email and also fixed a bug that I'd pointed out on one of their pages, which was kinda cool.
@_date: 2013-03-21 22:48:02
I was really liking coinbase for a while but lately they have been backed up for days. I don't know WTF is going on over there, but I can't buy and purchases I've made in the last few days that were "complete" have reverted back to "pending". And btc I was supposed to have in my wallet there are now gone. I've been willing to cut those guys a lot of slack because they were just starting up and encountering the usual startup and scale-up problems, but this is getting really ridiculous.
@_date: 2013-11-30 17:23:41
Ditto, coinbase. It's a smart way to invest, too, which has been around forever and is called dollar cost averaging. A constant dollar amount invested results in buying fewer bitcoin when the price is high and more when the price is low. It works!