@_author: joeldalais1
@_date: 2014-02-10 16:48:15
To the best of my knowledge on hand, this was an issue that OKPAY faced nearly a year ago and they have since addressed it (similar to the crypto issue). However, I am querying your question and will have a concrete answer  for you tomorrow(or the day after).
@_date: 2014-02-10 15:35:56
Dear OP,
IBWT is a UK based international exchange, partnered with OKPAY allowing international transactions (bank wire) worldwide. We are able to accept all US customers and currently allow trade in USD/CAD/GBP/Euro (p.s. We are the only exchange that accepts GBP as GBP). 
It is likely that the 'issues' suffering from Gox is from a group (or 1) of hackers that are using a withdrawal exploit, other exchanges have been attacked in a similar way, though I imagine most addressed the issue and fixed it fast (as we did), with minimal or 0 loss.
(Though please keep in mind I can not truly say 100% what the gox issue is).
IBWT has only just allowed international access to its platform (a week ago), we are adding on the facilities to allow customers to trade in a dozen+ more currencies over the next few months, we have also been developing/building an ATM to work in conjunction with the platform (allowing cheaper ATM usage and alternative deposit/withdrawal),  we do have alternative (mail) funding systems for the unbanked (limited to the UK at the moment, expanding to other nations as we grow), and we've also partnered up with BitShopper (still under construction), which is essentially an ebay for crypto-currency. We also plan to assist and implement Ether(Ethereum) in whatever way we can.
Feel free to email me at joeld if you wish to chat more.
Joel Dalais
(I normally post on reddit as JoelDalais, away from the office right now)
@_date: 2014-02-10 17:02:22
I upvoted the above 2 people because they are very correct. Exchanges start from nothing, then an idea, then hard work, lots of hard work. The ones that are lucky enough to get large financial backing can still fail miserably, I've known of a few that have apparently had large funding last year, but they do not exist today. And then are others (like IBWT) with hardly any funding/support yet are still there. 
Hard work &gt; money.