@_author: joelwhokillz
@_date: 2018-01-28 13:46:41
This is a common practice. The fact that I had won some money on the website was purely luck, and a little bit of smart playing (Increasing/decreasing bet amounts when I felt it would win/lose) and ended up making a few hundred worth of winnings to cash out at the end of it. 
Of course, that didn't stop this shady ass casino from stealing my winnings immediately using a blanket lie to manipulate their own rules into their favor. Stay away from these sites and just use a real casino where it's harder for them to rob you openly. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 19:59:29
I definitely got the best of gambling when I turned 30 free spins into almost $500 worth of Bitcoin. They sure turned it around on me by immediately banning my account as soon as I tried to claim it though!
@_date: 2017-12-12 19:13:02
Don't I know it. I honestly though the site was a scam but I was bored... And then I started winning, and then it told me I could withdraw. I was so hype for a minute. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 18:56:04
So you guys apparently just make a habit of shutting down the account of anyone who wins for any reason, because I played while using a VPN I forgot to turn off, even contacted chat support about it and got the same bullshit answer that I have multiple accounts and thats final, even though that is absolutely false and I have proof. 
Scam is a scam. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 02:48:22
Yes, the terms clearly do state that. And you can keep regurgitating that same reply, even knowing that I never broke those rules. 
As I told support, and I pointed out in this thread, and will reply to this comment with once again, I've never used your site before the day I got banned. As a user who values his privacy on the internet, I regularly keep my VPN, Virtual Private Network, activated.
Now, based on this information, if your company wasn't a scam, and you actually cared about making a good image for yourself, you could have resolved this issue by listening to me when I made this claim. You then could have looked at my current IP after I turned my VPN off, compared it to the address I provided, and realized that I was and am telling the truth. If you needed more information to verify, such as documents proving my identity, they would have been provided.
Instead, the literal SECOND I clicked withdraw, you guys saw that I won a little money with bonus spins, and set out to steal my winnings in any way you possibly could. Luckily for you I used my VPN, even though I'm sure a large majority of the customers who use your website and know about bitcoin also are inclined to use VPNs because most of us actually understand the internet. 
As it stands, you stole my money, and your refusal to do a proper and honest investigation into the situation proves that your only intent is to steal from customers whenever you can. IE, Scam. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 19:15:46
It happens. The positive is sharing my experience on here so hopefully it doesn't happen to anyone else. 