@_author: joem789
@_date: 2017-12-07 23:33:21
I think the whole Bitcoin thing is pretty sickening. It's like a bunch of dogs fighting over a bone. And its no different than a bunch of greedy selfish people rushing to get a big take of gold while everyone else gets left behind. The love of money is notorious for squashing your morals. Yeah. You might get a big house, fancy cars, big parties, and travel. And you'll be smiling like a celeb. Creating some wholesome image of yourself as if you're important. But inside you will be a bucket of black mud. Hence the reason why the rich and famous are well known for being dysfunctional. The last thing we need is more rich people. We need humility. And I hope all Bitcoin investors lose their asses for the sake of the rest of the world.
@_date: 2017-12-21 19:43:22
I don't get all the excitement. Bitcoin is on its last leg. It's a big fat slowpoke. Costing a fortune just to use it. Its moved up to rich people games because they are the only ones who can afford to pay the fees. Someone once said that banks would use Bitcoin as a reserve. But that's not likely. If they are smart they will realize that XRP has the potential to be MUCH better than BTC, ETH, LTC, or even BCH.
@_date: 2017-12-21 19:56:31
I think it's foolish to put the effort and resources into Bitcoin any longer. The big fat bloated crypto has paved the way for the future. Now its time to fall over and die already. Its time for the rich vultures to swoop in and squeeze out what little value it has left. When you have bulls AND bears in the room, the only place to go is down. Remember the saying, the bigger they are the harder they fall? Newer cryptos are the absolute answer to digital mainstream for the future. The top 4 cryptos today are already seeing major problems. Yet, there are high volume cryptos near the bottom that can perform far better and faster. XRP is an obvious example. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 09:38:00
All I really hear in these posts are "I want what's mine. Protect it protect it". It's like Lord of the Rings....MY PRECIOUS.
Seriously people. Bitcoin is hurting the world's economies. Money that would normally go into the economy is going into black storage over a "what if". A huge lottery that doesn't help anything. People have foolishly believed the big lie that Bitcoin and crypto represents the new currency. NOT. LOL. I have decades of solid programming under my belt. And I can tell you right now that it isn't true at all. Currency has ALWAYS been backed by physical value. Bitcoin is just a large fad that has duped people into putting so much money into it that even the greedy billionaires are doing it. That in turn is forcing it UP UP UP. But it can only go so far. Problem is. The world economy cannot withstand it. The government WILL have to come in and put a stop to it. AND THEY WILL. I personally hope somebody does. Because Bitcoin is NOT INNOVATION. It is a PARAsITE. You people cannot see it because you're too busy seeing dollar signs. Take off you rose colored glasses and see the truth.