@_author: joemi
@_date: 2017-12-16 05:23:49
I don't know if a rushed implementation in the financial marketplace is something you should ever publicly brag about.
@_date: 2017-08-25 14:14:56
The issue isn't that they did it the opposite way from the US. The issue is that they used a dot for both ("33.9 BTC" and "146.770 USD"), and that's not a valid way to do it no matter what country you're in. 
@_date: 2017-11-23 02:13:46
There is no hold up. They said it’d be in January, and it’s not January yet. 
@_date: 2017-11-01 14:50:43
It’s half of the result when divided by 4. 
@_date: 2017-09-05 05:26:15


Yes, that's right. Except banks generally have federal insurance and other proven measures in place, too, in order to protect themselves, the money and the customers. Banks have to follow many many federal regulations put in place for protection as well. Does that mean banks are entirely safe? No. But in many ways they're safer than Coinbase or other exchanges.
Coinbase's digital currency is insured (in some way) but is not FDIC insured (their fiat is, though), which gives some people pause. Also, as others have mentioned, they're a target, which I think gives _a lot_ of people pause. Sure, banks are targets too, but banks aren't in the news lately for having crazy value spikes like bitcoin. And banks aren't specifically designed for anonymity like bitcoin. There are other factors that make Coinbase a big target too, such as the fact that other big exchanges have been hacked in the past. Coinbase could decide not to support a fork that you want, like what happened with BCH (though it's arguable how many people actually wanted that). To this day, people who had bitcoin in coinbase's wallet during the BCH split do not have access to "their" BCH, though they will by the end of the year or something like that (I don't remember the specifics). What if somehow BCH took off, and BTC had completely died, and then BCH itself crashed right before Coinbase began their BCH support? Thoughts like that give people pause. Finally, they're much much much much younger than most big banks, so who knows what tried and true lessons they might have missed or skipped over in an attempt to start making a profit?
That said, Coinbase now lives in a post-mtgox world, and has taken many security measures to protect its users bitcoins, for instance a significant portion of their digital currency is kept in offline storage. They've worked with some US and state regulations (that are at least claimed to be for consumer protection) that other exchanges have not. 
And keeping your bitcoin somewhere in your control is not without risk. You could lose/forget your keys, leaving your bitcoin forever inaccessible (though you may use a system that has recovery methods). You could install malware that compromises your wallet (though not all wallets are susceptible to malware). You could lose your wallet in a fire or theft (though there are ways to minimize fire risk and theft). etc etc.
But ultimately the choice is yours. Do you want to keep your bitcoin in a bank-like place where you do not ultimately have control of it? Or do you want to keep it somewhere where it's entirely in your control? A lot of bitcoins fans opt to get their money out of the exchanges and online wallets and keep it in their control, though I'm sure there are lots who don't. Your decision might be idealogical or it might be practical or it might be some measure of both, but do what works for you, just so long as you're aware of the risks with your decision. Good luck with whatever you choose.
@_date: 2017-09-05 04:22:02
In case no one else has told you this yet: Don't fuck with your money/investments when you're this high. Just don't.
@_date: 2017-10-13 17:31:35
Ah. I must have missed that. When I went looking to buy bitcoin a while ago all the top recommendations I tried (except Coinbase) didn’t like NY. Not sure if Gemini didn’t support NY then or if they just weren’t in the recommendations I had seen then. 
@_date: 2017-10-24 02:17:38
You can't have it both ways, friend. They either don't insure "any crypto currency" or they insure "2%".
And to be fair, those "uninsured IOU's" as you say are "disconnected entirely from the internet. Data is then split with redundancy, AES-256 encrypted, and copied to FIPS-140 USB drives and paper backups. Drives and paper backups are distributed geographically in safe deposit boxes and vaults around the world." Sounds a hell of a lot more secure than most people who store their own BTC, though I'll agree it's definitely not without its flaws. There's the things you mentioned previously. And there's also the fact the Coinbase's size makes it a lot more of a target than any random Dick and Jane keeping a few BTC in their fireproof safe at home.
@_date: 2017-10-25 00:03:01
So what you're saying is that they do insure cryptocurrency, and therefore I'm right? I never stated they insure all the cryptocurrency, just that they do in fact insure some of it, since the person I was replying to said they don't insure any.
@_date: 2017-10-24 01:25:31
Sorry but that's wrong. Coinbase also insures crypto. As per: 


@_date: 2017-10-13 14:35:32
Aren’t they just handling this fork the way everyone wanted them to handle the last fork? They’re supporting both blockchains. That way everyone who has bitcoin on Coinbase can dump the fork and put that money into bitcoin. What’s wrong with that?
@_date: 2017-10-13 13:48:36
How about any that let people in New York State buy? Coinbase is the only one I’ve found so far, because of NY’s crypto currency laws. 