@_author: joeoller
@_date: 2013-11-03 06:41:53
I beg to differ.  The first big acceleration a year ago was set off by asics coming online and speculation that theire would be a large adoption of bitcoin by europeans due to the Cyprus crisis.  Poland has gone through a similar crisis with out the hype of bitcoin and Cypriat adoption of bitcoin was debunked soon after the events played out.  Silk road went bust without causing bitcoin to go bust so there is some good indications that bitcoin is becoming more robust... but it really needs to become less volatile for long  term success.
Look at how the hyped stories played out:
The only asic miners making money are those who bought the first generation asics from the right company or invested in AsicMiner stocks early.  Euro instability did not drive Europeans at large to jump into bitcoin.  Most are probably still holding onto gold and silver just like all the prior generations.
Instead of haphazard to the moon speculation (No you are no Jack Kennedy) you might want to consider holding a vision for the best case bitcoin scenario; which is a valuation that is slow, steady and predictable if you want bitcoin to prosper as a currency.  It needs to be predictable for people in the world at large to trust it as a currency for daily use.  The next wave of value for bitcoin needs to be adoption and not speculation as much of the last year has been.
The best currency for the most amount of people is a boring currency.
@_date: 2013-11-03 03:35:12
 [bitcoin.conf](
    testnet=1 # remove the # sign in the conf on your computer
Go to testnet faucets or try your gear at mining on testnet and explore.
The testnet api is actually more full featured then the normal bitcoin network if you use the scripting protocol; which is dumbed down because it is not known to be bug proof enough to use on the main network.
@_date: 2013-11-03 06:31:42
Your problem one solves problem two
Compute capacity is over the transaction rate and probably will be for some time as new generation asics come online.  The problem is blockchain size has to grow at a rate lower than harddisk and bandwidth deflate in current value.... so far so good.  Its a known issue and concern of the core developers who are approaching the issue as "lets think of ideas now to deal with it; but implement only when we have to"... I think it rings of Knuths quote/misquote ["There is no greater evil than premature optimization."].
Miners will collect the miners fee or transactions fee which ever you call it.  If there are not enough miners; the network of nodes and miners vote to raise the minimum fee, if there are too many it will probably just stay the same.
@_date: 2013-11-03 06:57:58
RIght on.
@_date: 2013-11-03 08:45:12
FWIW I am working on a service to let bitociners take bitcoin to the horse racecourses and easily share the service with others... Testnet included for the uninitiated.
@_date: 2013-11-03 03:24:56
Your talking about micropayments.  So a user would send bitcoins to an online movie provider and as they watch content the account they have established would be charged bitcoins little by little.  The classic use case is for wifi access and publisher content.
If you have financing I'll sign on as a developer.
@_date: 2013-11-03 08:29:22
I do not disagree, however I try to keep my views centered on what best for bitcoin rather then what best for short term gains.  
@_date: 2013-09-08 17:11:39
Where are you from?
I have been working on this for a while now and should be ready to roll out for some upcoming major events but the visions was for use at the track initially.  It is tough to convince the tracks to even experiment on technology that is not widely used en mass.  Track owners and operators are usually not within the bitcoin demographic so there are some layers of relevancy to break through.
Secondly, as mentioned regulations can be tricky.  In many countries and even some US states betting is not allowed anywhere but the track or sanctioned betting depots.  The business environment of animal racing is not what is used to be so a lot of the regulation makes sense in preserving established businesses.
@_date: 2013-11-03 06:34:20
It was decided long ago to stick with scientific names to avoid cultural influence over the bitcoin system.  An indicator that the creator did not want any one culture to own the language used over bitcoin.  It fairly laid out in the wiki.