@_author: joequant123
@_date: 2016-08-16 13:49:03
That's precisely the problem with the current financial system.  You have the same company do two things that should not be done together.
Banks do two things "cash storage" and "money lending."  There is no reason that this should be done by the same firm, and it's a bad thing if it does.  You should have one firm that does "cash storage" and essentially puts money only in short term government securities, and then you have a separate system of P2P lending that does "money lending."  At that point you no longer have fractional reserve.  The "cash storage" is 100% reserve, and the P2P lender doesn't need reserves because if the loan receivers default it goes back to the lender.
It's in fact quite hard to set up fractional reserve system.  The *only* reason we have fractional reserve is government insurance.  Without government insurance, people would insist that any "cash storage" be fully reserved, and that any lending be kept separate.
In fact we are moving toward such a system.  In order to prevent another financial crisis, the government has regulated banks to such an extent that they can only lend to a very, very small set of borrowers, and my prediction is that anything that is government regulated/insured would eventually find it unprofitable to do anything other than "cash storage" and that any lending that involves any sort of risk would move to P2P lending.
This is the cool thing about bitcoin.  It's an economic experiment that lets you think of new ways of doing things.  In fact any bitcoin exchange that said "I'm going to lend out your bitcoin to random people" is going to go out of business very quickly.  The big problem with fractional reserve, is that once you start letting banks loan out deposits to random people, they very quickly end up loaning money to each other, so when one bank gets in trouble, it quickly pulls all of them down.  
@_date: 2016-08-13 08:45:42
1) I wouldn't say that the dollar keeps rolling along.  Right now we are in a low/no-growth economy in which wages are stagnant and people can't get the capital to start new businesses, and everyone is in an angry mood.  My prediction is that the bitfinex thing will be a historical footnote in a year just like Mt. Gox.
2) The thing that I find most interesting is that in order to get to the point where the world didn't explode, you had major governments move heaven and earth and pour trillions of dollars into the system.  In 2008, the world financial system was probably at most a week away from total collapse, and we managed to avoid that only by extreme emergency measures.
The reason this happened was that you had a domino effect.  Once Lehman fell, then all of the other banks were at risk.  The thing about bitfinex is that it falls, but it doesn't pull anyone else with it.
The thing about bitcoin which I find interesting is that no one is doing anything extreme.  No one is doing anything, but the system still works.  There's something in the system that is just inherently stable.
The reason that matters is that we got really lucky in 2008.  One false move and everything would have fallen apart.  Your luck will run out eventually.
You can look at the design of nuclear power plants.  The standard pressurized water reactor is dangerous because once you have a loss of coolant, you have minutes to do very precise actions to avoid a meltdown.  The new reactor designs are set up so that if something goes wrong, the reactor shuts down automatically.
@_date: 2016-08-13 09:31:43
The trouble is that I don't think this will work.  We've been at zero/negative interest rates for over a decade, and Japan has been at zero/negative interest rates since the 1990's.
The problem is that montetarism doesn't work any more.  People are scared of losing their money, so they put their money in the least risky things which are governments and large companies.  The trouble is that those things don't generate growth.  You pump money into a government, and it does nothing with that money.
In order to fix the economy, we have to first recognize that the economic theories that people used before 2008 just don't work.  
It's likely that the ideas that will get us out of this mess will come from the bitcoin world.  The trouble is that people that work in the banks can't do anything creative.  Since 2008, all of the banks have just been extensions of the government, and the government will not allow a bank to do anything new.  Academia is also toast, because they ended up being highly paid shills of Wall Street, so when they time comes to come up with new ideas, they haven't got any.
@_date: 2016-08-27 19:01:00
The price comes from the fact that Mainland China has currency controls and so often the price in Mainland China starts to diverge from the price in Europe.  That happens a lot when the people have to move currency back and forth from the Mainland.  
Hong Kong is close enough to the Mainland that you can get the Mainland price sending your bitcoin to a Mainland bank account, cashing it out with paper currency, walking it across the border and depositing it in a HK bank.  As a result, the price of bitcoin in Hong Kong tracks the Mainland price pretty closely which can give you an arb opportunity.  One good signal is that if the price of bitcoin spikes on the weekend, it's likely that HK stocks will jump up monday morning.
One thing that triggers this difference is when the Chinese government starts "printing money".  Some of this money leaks into bitcoin and that causes the effective exchange rate to change before the bank rates do.  
@_date: 2016-08-13 08:35:30
Thanks!!!  I'm glad that I was able to get the point across.
@_date: 2016-08-16 13:57:59
The Fed injected liquidity in order to prevent an economic collapse.  Without an cash injection, the assets would have been worth less cause bank failures and fire sales which would have pushed down the price of assets, and this would have destroyed the economic system.  Once you did the liquidity injection, then you prevented total disaster, and then you had the opposite effect.  Once people had confidence in the economy, then the price of the assets went back up, and the Fed was able to cash out of most of the loans.
But there are two problems.  The first is that the economy still is terrible.  The banks paid back the loans, but people are afraid to invest in anything with risk.  As a result we have a low growth/low wage economy, and there's no track to get us back to "normal."  The second problem is that we came really, really close to doomsday.  Yes it was good that we were able to douse the fire, but the next time we might run out of water. 
Personally, I think that the Fed did the right thing.  The analogy is that when a building is burning down, you just do what you have to do to fight the fire, and doing a massive bailout was the right thing.
The thing is that after you put out the fire, it's a good idea to build the building in a new way.  We got amazingly lucky in 2008, and we just can't have the same thing happen again because we might not be so lucky the next time.