@_author: joeshlub
@_date: 2011-10-18 23:09:51
1. It doesn't scare Wall Street.
2. It only makes it more difficult to donate, as a tiny percentage of those interested in donating have bitcoins.
3. Even when the protesters received the bitcoins, they would then need to exchange them for USD to actually use them.
4. Making signs about abandoning fiat currency only makes the protesters look foolish, and makes them less likely to be taken seriously.
5. What exactly are the advantages of bitcoin that you think apply in this case? I cannot think of any that are not contrived.
@_date: 2011-09-07 20:46:20
Note: I did not proof read this, I'm just throwing thoughts at the wall and seeing what sticks.
I don't see how this avoids the issue of having to buy in. At one point you indicate that not everyone will create their own currency. Obviously an individual who is just starting out in this system will not be creating their own currency, hence they will need to buy into one of the existing currencies, using an exchange just like with Bitcoin. Either I'm missing something, or you haven't avoided this problem at all.
Having a massively fragmented economy with no central currency doesn't help new users either. They want to buy in, but what currency do they buy in to? Shop X accepts currency A, and show Y accepts currency B, now they need to buy into two different currencies, each with different exchange rates and backing in order to buy from those two shops? This is far more difficult to get into than Bitcoin.
The idea of backing the currency with something meaningful is good, but realistically it's only makes sense if the commodity backing the currency is fungible. Very few resources could usefully meet this requirement. Perhaps real world currency, gold, oil... regardless of what you use, what you basically saying that a company would issue virtual currency, and declare it to be backed by a real currency. I fail to see how this is an improvement. And if they are not backing it with a fungible commodity, (say they are backing it with web hosting, or something to that effect) than the public's perception of the value can vary dramatically with their perception of the company, and you've done nothing to stabilize the value of the currency. Additionally, this trade in value of a given currency is only useful to a small fraction of the economies users. If they are backing it with a fungible commodity, than all you've done is create a proxy for that real commodity, whose value is tied to that real commodity. 
@_date: 2011-09-08 18:04:54
I think your confusing the concept of correlation with the assumptions you've made about the causal relationship.
Regardless of the causal relationship, if the three indexes follow the same progression closely enough, they are correlated. 
@_date: 2011-09-09 21:16:07
The pixels are always a give away. Still, you can never be sure. 99% of the posters on here and articles linked to are reasonably sane, but there are a few crazy people living in their own bit-coin / libertarian reality.
@_date: 2011-09-08 23:05:03
No, correlation just means that the two follow the same pattern. Silk Road searches, Bitcoin price, and bitcoin searches are all correlated, meaning they all increase and decrease in roughly the same way. In all likelyhood, none of them actually causes the other. The cause comes from somewhere else, for example press coverage. 
It is easy for two things to be correlated, since neither of them has to be cause by the other for it to be correlation. Causality is more difficult to demonstrate, since it means that "A implies B".
@_date: 2011-09-09 17:52:43
You're kidding, right? I can't tell...