@_author: joethemultiboxer
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:01:07
I'm an indie software developer, and I started accepting bitcoin as an alternative to PayPal a couple months ago, when the price was about $30. I think other indie software developers would do well to do the same...
Because I'm not working with a product that I have to buy and warehouse and resell, I don't have to concern myself so much with whether the bitcoin value rises or falls on a frequent basis. 
**I will honor the sales and continue accepting bitcoin**, but I am concerned with MtGox's place. I sincerely hope that other exchanges will be more competitive, and that the public interest generated by the bubble will translate into something tangible in that respect...
I am currently holding bitcoin from sales because a) my bitcoin sale volume is low, and b) I would like to see bitcoin succeed and this is an easy way for me to obtain some for my own use. But, with more sales volume or if I needed the cash desperately enough, then as a merchant I would be cashing out more often. 
As a merchant I agree with TheBoltzmannBrain that the swings should not be a big issue, but if I am instructing someone to purchase bitcoin in order to purchase my product as an alternative to using PayPal (because they can't use it), then I am asking the buyer to accept this risk. That's not easy even before the "crash"!
@_date: 2013-04-22 19:28:02
Currently I am collecting coins from sales, but I've only made a few bitcoin sales so far. If I get a lot of bitcoin sales, I will likely cash out instantly. 
I am not an expert on taxes, so I'll be paying someone else to figure that part out for me. I don't currently have to collect sales taxes because of my type of online business, so I imagine it's not much different from dealing with the rest of my taxes.
@_date: 2013-04-12 17:16:13
I'd like to thank my Agent, the Academy, and flipyouthebird... Did I miss anyone? Oh and Dave from accounting. Thank you all for this great honor!
@_date: 2013-04-23 00:14:10
I think this is something we can all agree on!
I love Reddit Enhancement Suite by the way, thank you for that!
@_date: 2013-04-22 20:53:09
My main sites are  (main site for the company) and  (site just for the most popular item)
I'm currently accepting bitcoins through Coinbase. Since I wrote my checkout process and PayPal IPN handler myself I found Coinbase's API to be similar enough to implement rather quickly: it was only a matter of hours from the time I registered on their site, to full implementation. For me it was very easy to get started, but if I were using an e-commerce package I would probably have been stuck doing a lot of research on that first in order to begin integration...