@_author: joethebeast
@_date: 2015-04-03 15:29:35
You could argue that George Washington was a traitor to King George, but he was serving the best interests of the people so we call him a patriot. The economic divide in the US is not so different from the Atlantic Ocean in pre-revolutionary America. We have no say in the policies that effect us, and when we try to stand up for ourselves every g-man in hearing range rushes up to pat us on the head and feed us some bullshit about it all being in our best interests. 
If you work for the government, fuck you and your paycheck. 
  
If you don't care about your rights, fuck you - I do and I'll stand up for them even if you won't. 
If you're just trolling, then fuck you twice. Stop acting like a child. An anonymous douchebag is still a douchebag, it's just a sign that you don't have any real friends either. 
@_date: 2015-04-03 14:48:11
A traitor to a government which no longer believes in protecting the rights of its citizens. I call that a patriot. 
@_date: 2015-04-04 08:24:05
We vote in the congressmen and senators whose elections are financed by mega-corporations. I vote third party, but so what? The game's already rigged. We worship the almighty dollar in the US and all of our policies are built around protecting it - which is great if you're the one with the money. The presidency is practically an honorary position, you're right about that. The whole system is in gridlock and the checks and balances that were built in have just become props and banners. 
I haven't donated a cent to Snowden, but I don't understand why donating to somebody's legal defense should be considered a criminal act in the first place. What Snowden did was *not*  espionage. He gave something to the American public and it destroyed his life. He didn't have to, but he believed it was the right thing to do and I agree with him. Was it Franklin who said "any man who would trade an ounce of liberty for a pound of security deserves neither"? Just because something is legal, that doesn't make it okay - just because something is illegal, doesn't make it wrong. Weed's still illegal in most of the country, some people are still serving life sentences for possessing it. Why? Seriously, why? The whole political system is either a setup or it's utterly useless. For the record, I think legalizing pot is far from the most important issue we have to deal with, but it is a beautiful example of just how stupid US government policies can be.
Look - I'm sorry I flew off the handle at you earlier. I don't know you and it shouldn't matter regardless, I was being an asshole. I'm just so frustrated with America. When I was a young adult I left my religion and now I'm tearing my hair out at how brainwashed all my family members are. I've studied hypnosis and now I can recognize propaganda and social conditioning from a mile away *and it's everywhere.* I don't believe for a second that Snowden endangered the public. I think he just gave us a glimpse of an out-of-control security sector that didn't like being caught with its pants down. Don't you care at all that your government lied to you? That it records your communications and monitors your movements? That, in spite of the fact that there hasn't been a single verified example where the NSA's spying tactics have actually thwarted a terrorist attack, the program continues on with no sign of slowing down? What our government is doing is wrong. There's no two ways around it. 