@_author: joeyjoejoejrshabido
@_date: 2014-07-16 16:05:02
While unnecessary, I do appreciate it. That's funny that he thinks it's ok for him to behave like that but anytime anyone questions him it's not OK.  So SwC looks interesting. Do you run it? I'll definitely check that out. There are so many BTC poker/casino sites out there I never wanted to risk it on a scam. But if you are involved with it or you endorse, since you tipped me, it I'll check it out. Tonight when the pants come off and I rage quit some video game I'll take that tip and head on over. 
It's not even about the BTC for me anymore. It's just the principle of it now. 
@_date: 2014-07-16 16:48:47
Yeah, but you giving me a tip I didn't expect makes the research that much easier. I try it with unplanned money that you gave me anyway, if I like it I will be a long time user. I like to gamble as much as the next guy. 
I really just wanted to know if you were involved mainly for the referred by purpose, so I will just go ahead leave that blank I guess. Seeing there is Android app has all me excited. Productivity is going to go right out the window for me now. 
@_date: 2014-07-16 13:39:04
This "internal team" I was supposedly banned from is just a private facebook group I quit because I was led to believe it was a place to discuss improvements to the app. Joined, everytime I suggested an improvement I was shot down and it was really just a place to discuss scammy tactics to get new users. You had to post a youtube video within your first week of joining or you risk getting kicked out. 
  Wallet screenshot. Nothing. Balls in your court. Lets say there was a typo, show a transaction dated Tuesday morning that was sent for that much to an address that is atleast close enough to say it was a typo. Can't do it can you? 
For free and then some? No. I want what I legitimately won and nothing else. The only reason this went public is because you failed deliver privately. 
The comments attached to your comment show the community isn't vouching for you as you thought. Maybe you will realize that building your private loyal community you may be like a superstar over there, but see how the real world responds to that, you can't ban anyone over any little reason here. 
Lastly, I censored the email exchange links, you come here and say my name and mention my twitter? You may think this situation deserves that, but on a professional level, that's uncalled for. A user/consumer leaving a review standard. No reason for you to take it so personally. Read the review, learn where you went wrong, and fix it for future users. I just want what I rightfully won and that's it, you are turning it into a personal pissing match. It's just business. 
@_date: 2014-07-18 18:19:03
UPDATE: the user in question claims he isn't an employee he just enjoys helping them because they are like family not co workers. So basically seems like JunoWallets setup is to find some kids that get suckered into the system to work for free. They get junowallet emails, they go recruit advertisers, they offer help to users, they promote stuff. They are basically free marketing employees because they get brainwashed into thinking how great it is. Besides not paying this is probably some kind of illegal practice in many states with tight labor laws. It's just free labor under the ruse of you are helping a movement. 
@_date: 2014-07-16 13:27:51
@_date: 2014-07-16 14:11:45
Well I also added a screengrab of my wallet to OP. Shows I didn't get anything. He can end all this by showing a transaction that actually happened. Instead he personally attacked me in a comment here saying based on my twitter I'm the type of guy always looking for more and free stuff. Then bragged about how good his app is. All instead of just showing proof and ending this. 
I think his responses are more evidence on my side. Why wouldn't he just end it and show proof he sent it? Because he never sent it. 
@_date: 2014-07-16 15:42:13
Thanks. I'm going to have learn about the whole tip thing here. I'm still relatively new to using BTC. Over the years I have used some wallets and stuff and built up small amounts over time, but just recently have been into actually caring more and bought some and want to start spending it and actually using it.
@_date: 2014-07-18 00:50:50
You are an employee. At the very least you are heavily involved in junowallet. You have an  email address and have been seen on facebook trying to recruit others to advertise on junowallet. Don't pretend you are just a regular user to try to fix their reputation at this point, that is beyond crossing the line. 
@_date: 2014-07-16 18:55:58
Ah, it's ok for you to publicly criticize others though, it's just you that isn't allowed to be criticized. You had an issue with his service and you said something, and that's ok, but when I have an issue with YOUR service and say something that's not ok. Hypocrite. 
@_date: 2014-07-16 01:14:30
Thankfully this was just a raffle and I didn't lose anything. But still a very shady way of doing things. Hosting a raffle and then not honoring it. Then try to sell various retail gift cards. No thinks, I'll take my business elsewhere. 
@_date: 2014-07-16 13:28:03
@_date: 2014-07-16 02:43:48
You do various things in the app. Try other apps, watch ads, etc. They also occasionally post codes for raffle entries on social media and such. 
So it's "free" in the sense is all I lost is time using the app. They have non raffle rewards too of various gift cards and I have always got those. But that's an automated system. This time the founder/ceo has to process the prize and he was just a douche from start to ban. He kept telling me "soon" and it never came. So I wrote about it, and he banned me. 
@_date: 2014-07-16 15:19:07
The delay was artificially caused by him. I wasn't expecting on a holiday weekend. He was the one that gave a specific date of the 4th. He set the deadline, then failed, and instead of being honest and saying why, he told me I need to be patient. 
@_date: 2014-07-16 13:39:37
updated OP with screenshots
@_date: 2014-07-16 14:28:32
It's not an if he said, it was right in this thread
@_date: 2014-07-16 16:22:04
I think it was intentionally a play on words because the movie in question is planet of the apes. 
@_date: 2014-07-16 13:52:23
Dungeon Keeper has almost the same review setup as junowallet. Close to the same overall and close the same distribution of scores, and close to the overall number of reviews.
Really shows you how reviews don't matter. This is a game made by EA that actually gives you in game stuff for 5 star reviews, is a total pay to win scam game, and completely ruins the legacy of the franchise. Just funny to see almost the exact same review structure for junowallet. Look at his reddit account too, calling out others publicly for being a scam, interesting. Ok for him to do, but when someone calls him out with proof, lets make it all personal. 
@_date: 2014-07-18 18:15:12
WHAT?!?!?! You are perfectly happy making someone us thousands of dollars and not seeing any benefit from it? 
There is a business saying "if you don't know what the product is, then you are the product" That is the case with JunoWallet. The company makes money every offer you do. So you do an offer, you get others to do offers and you get a portion of the profit as junocredits. But then you go and recruit advertisers. So you go out and find advertisers, then view their ads for less then they pay junowallet and get a fraction of any ad money. So you do the work of finding someone to pay junowallet 5 cents per video view. Then you view the ad and get 1 cent. So juno wallet just made 4 cents for doing nothing. You did the work, then did the work AGAIN and you see no real salary from this. They are double dipping your labor for nothing. 
This is a giant SCAM. 
Seriously, take a step back and look at it. Ask to borrow money from them. See what they say. Bring up that maybe you would like be brought on as a real employee then, see what they say. Just test it. Because I guarantee you they won't give you any more money, they won't officially hire you, they don't care about you. They pretend to care about you enough to keep you on board, but take a step back and REALLY look at it. 
And back to them not paying being a big insult, you do realize bitcoin is SUPER easy to prove a transaction. Beyond easy. So step out of the box and ask yourself, why haven't they proven they sent it. Why are they defending themselves in comments and claiming I'm lying instead of just proving it. Why? They could have ended all this before it became a thing, but continue to not produce proof that any bitcoin was sent. I don't know about you, but if someone accuses of lying, and it's easy to prove I'm not, I'm going to prove I'm not lying, but for whatever reason Junowallet won't do that. 
Take a step back and actually think about it. Put your junowallet bias aside and actually think about it. Why won't they prove something that easy to prove if it was true? Because they can't, because they never sent any bitcoin. They can't prove they did, because they didn't. 
@_date: 2014-07-16 13:27:56
@_date: 2014-07-16 13:43:27
There are more than a few legit ones. A lot of scams sure, but more than a few good ones. I would have said junowallet was "mostly" legit if you asked me 6months to a year ago. 
@_date: 2014-07-17 02:08:27
Nope. Every house needs stuff done here and there. Just the way it is. There is always stuff that people don't think about. An example is did he need a lawnmower before? He does now. Even if it's just $5-10/mo in the summer for gas for the lawnmower, that is already one little thing that might have been unexpected ticking away at his estimated $200 "savings". Is it in the same area? What about size as his current place. Good chance his estimates on utilities might off. Property tax, other little things you want to change right when you move in. Furniture. 
Owning a house has a TON of little expenses all the time that can really add up. $5 here and $20 here might not seem like a lot before you jump into it, but I don't know anyone who ever bought a house and there wasn't some expense they overlooked, be it something major or even just a few tiny things that add up. 
@_date: 2014-07-18 18:19:09
UPDATE: the user in question claims he isn't an employee he just enjoys helping them because they are like family not co workers. So basically seems like JunoWallets setup is to find some kids that get suckered into the system to work for free. They get junowallet emails, they go recruit advertisers, they offer help to users, they promote stuff. They are basically free marketing employees because they get brainwashed into thinking how great it is. Besides not paying this is probably some kind of illegal practice in many states with tight labor laws. It's just free labor under the ruse of you are helping a movement. 
@_date: 2014-07-16 13:44:43
hehe, "gorilla"