@_author: joeybananas79
@_date: 2018-03-25 22:43:15


The difference is that with an infaltionary currency the purchasing power of the rich persons money decreases.  So in order to maintain their wealth they must "put their money to work" as it were. This means lending it out to banks in return for interest or investing in shares/land etc that stimulate the economy, there is always a risk that this money will be a losing investment.  See all the great fortunes that have been lost over the years. 
This is different for a deflationary currency like bitcoin where the early adopters and those who own huge numbers of bitcoin would take on no risk. Over the years they would just spend an increasingly small amount of their wealth to maintain the same lifestyle. As someone said eventually they would be spending 1/10th of a satoshi a year to live like a king and not making a dent in their 10000 bitcoin fortune.
Think of it this way.  If you had 10 million dollars in cash in 1950 and you spent 500,000 dollars a year to live like a film star you would need to earn 500,000 dollars to maintain your wealth pile.  If you carried on doing that for 60 years in 2010 you wouldn't be living like a film star anymore.  Your 500,000 is still nice but compared to your grandad in 1950 it's not the same. Because of inflation. You need to use your money to generate economic activity to maintain your lifestyle.
If you had 10,000 bitcoin in 1950 and spent 10 bitcoin a year to live like a film star, because it is deflationary, by 2010 you would only need to spend 1 bitcoin a year to live the same lifestyle and the only thing you would need to do is not spend bitcoin.  You have no incentive to use your wealth, you just sit on it.  You'd still have over 9000 bitcoin, you've taken no risk, and you still live like a filmstar and in fact you spend an even smaller percentage of your wealth to do so. While everyone else tries to scrape up smaller and smaller slices of the 1 bitcoin a year to decided to spend. 
There is a reason we abandoned deflationary currencies.
@_date: 2018-03-26 08:50:21


It's true, but there are huge incentives to participate in an inflationary economy and huge disincentives to not participate in a deflationary economy


Well they are taking a stake in the company and so taking on some of the risk associated with it. It also allows company's to get capital needed to grow.  Day trading...well it's a small part of the market, if you mean banks buying and selling shares ever day, this is supposed to help with price allocation, so companies aren't overvalued etc. that's a whole thing with pros and cons.  
With a deflationary currency like bitcoin, why would you risk buying a share in a company and the associated risk? when you can just not do it and the wealth you already have grows in purchasing power anyway. 


Well, that's true now, but people are talking about a time when Bitcoin is the currency and not priced in dollars. People only ever think of it in terms of dollar value because they are speculating. It's obvious that bitcoin is not fit to be an actual currency, which is why people are simply using it as a way of making more dollars. And bitcoin will never have a consistent growth since there is a limit to the number of bitcoins.  Simply dividing it up into ever thinner slices of Satoshis is not the same as inflation at all.
@_date: 2018-02-13 00:11:26
ELon Musk would've been dead for 1000 years before SpaceX saved up enough money to buy some office space.