@_author: johanmlg
@_date: 2014-11-13 12:42:38
First, a bit of a disclaimer, Im employed by Goobit - the company that runs the BTCX exchange. I dont know everything that goes on in the banking community, and Im not allowed to disclose everything I know.
The banks decisions to close exchanges accounts does make some sense from their perspective, for several different reasons. One of them is because bitcoin is the first real competition they have had in several hundred years. The banking community is very old and prefers business as usual - if something have been making them money for the last 200 years, why change it?
Another reason is the risk for money laundering, the Swedish Finansinspektionen (Financial Supervisory Authority) sees bitcoin as a high risk market for money laundering ( Article in Swedish only, sorry). Therefore the banks dont want to risk doing business with the exchanges. The extra profit gained by them for having a bitcoin exchange as a customer, simply isnt worth it, because the risk of them getting in trouble is simply to great. Im not sure if this is a real threat to them or not, but at least it seems like they think so.
Does this mean that it is game over, and we just need to give up once all banks have closed all the bitcoin exchanges bank accounts? No, as long as the exchanges are able to accept payments in some way it will still be possible to exchange bitcoins. Still, it will may be more and more cumbersome for the customers to do the exchange, perhaps up to a point where it will be almost to difficult for the general public to obtain bitcoin. So its paramount that we change this development as soon as possible.
So, what can we, as a community, do to fix this? If anyone has any suggestions, let us know, make a post in this thread (or if you have any suggestions for us as a company, feel free to pm me).
One thing that _will_ help, and is easy to do, is to TALK about bitcoin, to anyone that wants to (or have to) listen. Ask your employer to get your pay check in bitcoin, every time you go into a store, ask if they accept bitcoin as a payment method, every time you're paying a bill, give the company a call and ask about paying it using bitcoin. Each time you talk to your bank, suggest to them that they should open an exchange. If we can show the businesses worldwide that there is profit to be made from working with bitcoins, we can make THEM work for us.
@_date: 2017-10-26 14:38:14
That have been fixed :)
@_date: 2015-09-10 18:34:39
We verify that the payment is sent from the right person. If money is recieved from someone else than the person who is registered, we will hold the transaction until the person that sent the money verifies as well.
@_date: 2015-09-11 10:29:38
Well, believe it or not, but that actually does happen now and then. A bank calls us and tells us a transaction their customer just sent us is fraudulent, and asks us to stop it and return the money.
They never ask us for any information, thats true,  but they do indeed pass on info to us about fraudulent transactions.
Most customers do however not report the fraud to their bank, but to us directly, cutting out the bank as the middle man. That  way we also have a bigger chance of stopping the transaction before its completed, and theres a higher probabiltiy that we can return the customers money.
@_date: 2015-09-10 19:04:46
Of cource we can't know about the cases where we don't get to hear anything, but in most cases where someone sends us money and doesnt get anything in return, they contact us to ask if its possible to get their money back. So in most cases we do know. :)
@_date: 2015-09-10 11:54:05
I work for one of the European bitcoin exchanges.
There is primarilly two reasons why we do that:
* Legal requirements. There are a ton of KYC (know your customer), AML (Anti money laundering) and anti terrorism rules we must follow. Most of these rules are (in my personal opinion) not needed, but its easier for the government to make blanket rules than it is to apply common sense.
* Fraud issues. Its reasonably common that people advertise items online on craiglist/ebay/similar services and then asking people to pay to our bank account, using their order reference. Once the victim of the fraud have paid, we send bitcoins to the scammer, and the victim will of cource not recieve the item they have purchased from the scammer. If we require people to show their ID when placing orders, we can basically stop this behavior.
@_date: 2017-05-31 19:37:42
Yes, each initial transaction fee will (may) be lower, but you will still have more in total as the total size of the transactions still will be bigger.
Also, the transaction fees are currently insane. The current fees are about $2 for a basic transaction.
@_date: 2015-03-09 21:52:13
Perhaps not the greatest picture, but a picture newer the less
@_date: 2015-03-26 13:45:57
BTCX employee here. This is more or less correct interpretation. Im not in a position to discolse as much as I'd really like to, but Ill try to explain as well as I can whats going on.
When Skatteverket (the tax agency) wants to make an audit, a Swedish company simply have to comply, meaning sending out all their OWN transaction history, copies of their bank statements, the order history and so on. If you dont hand it over the Skatteverket is in their rights to break an entry and grab whatever documents they want to.
For non bitcoin businesses it stops right there. By reviewing the audited company's bank statement they can never find out what transactions the end customer have done from their own bank account. With bitcoin this is different, by knowing the Bitcoin addresses the Skatteverket is able to review all our customers transactions, as well as our own. That is, of course, not acceptable.
And if we really have tried to come up with other solutions? Of course we have. We have spent quite an insane amount of time on censoring documents, anonymizing records and stripping out Bitcoin addresses. We have already given them complete anonymized transaction lists (they are in their rights to see these), so they can go through with the audit and verify that no Bitcoins have gone "missing" somewhere. (IE, making sure we haven't committed any tax fraud)
The problem is that the Skatteverket is allowed to request data they are not really allowed to see. If Skatteverket is lucky, the company will give them the information. If the company resists, they have to go to court and defend their right to not give out details they are not required to give out. And this is what we are doing now.
@_date: 2017-05-31 18:23:42
Its about in how many transactions you have obtained your bitcoins in, not from where you got them. As long as you got all your bitcoins in one go (or at least not too many small transactions) you're fine.
You can kind of compare it to paying with cash. If you got your cash by getting a few cents at a time (so you only have coins) you're going to have a bad time if you need to spend a few hundred dollars in one go.