@_author: johnjimz
@_date: 2016-06-22 02:57:29
I don't see how one can be pro-state whilst calling oneself a libertarian, of any type.
Libertarianism, almost by definition, is a rejection of state coercion in all but the most necessary circumstances (if there are any at all). 
Socialism is just an attempt to re-correct the class hierarchies of society, to erase antagonism, but it can't work because people are differently abled and we haven't yet figured out a way to overcome our apeish intuitions or our hostile, scarcity-filled environment.  
For now, the best way to solve coordination problems is to do it without intervention (unless it can prevent great harm etc., whatever stripe your libertarianism is)
@_date: 2016-06-22 17:17:15
Niggas talkin bubbles and bears I'm just tryin' to get my expedia paid fo
@_date: 2016-06-22 16:57:39
Bzzz. Wrong.
I've read more than you ever will on this topic. 
Marx's revolution absolutely does call for a "state". The dictatorship of the proletariat is literally, a state. It is a monopoly on coercion. His fantasy is that this coercive convention will somehow dissolve itself voluntarily, leading to a society free of class antagonism. 
Sorry, it won't. There is literally not a single reason one can posit that would allow one to think that a ruling class will voluntarily give up their authority (or if they do, that another group of charming studs won't take their place).
Marx got it wrong. He got it so wrong as to be laughable to any branch of social science. There's a reason no one is Marxist anymore in 2016 except for banana republic dictators and weirdos on the internet.
And there are countless stripes of anarchism that try to [work within state mechanisms to gradually reduce them]( rather than overthrow it (as if a bunch of pimply nerds are going to overthrow the state anyway).
And that isn't what socialism is either. [Ricardian socialism]( actually *pre-dates* Marxism by a good 3 decades. Ughh. Why do I bother.
I think it's *you* who has a lot to read. 
@_date: 2016-06-21 23:31:19
what is a "left" leaning libertarian exactly? 
Pretty sure you can't be a socialist libertarian unless you are talking about extreme over-riding consequentialist concerns (military, police, saving the extremely impoverished at little cost to others etc)...