@_author: johncurtainraiser
@_date: 2017-12-09 02:08:08
There’s tonnes of evidence you dope. 
The access Hollywood tape and trump’s own admissions, his placing of unqualified family members into White House positions, his financial holdings and dealing in Russia, removal of staff members that question him and if you think there’s no evidence of his narcissism then I can’t help you. 
The rest of the world isn’t butthurt about trump, they’re embarrassed for your country and in the process of trying to make the world work without you. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 22:02:15
Again, our economy is just fine dude. Ticking over as per usual. 
But you guys just had an extra trillion dollars added to your national debt and massive tact increases added to the middle class and down, let me know how that works out for you. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 11:58:06
Nope. Nope it hasn’t. In fact we’re in on 26th consecutive year of economic growth but don’t let that stop you. 
Trump’s proven himself the literal opposite of effective so far, with a majority in both houses and still failing to pass most of his plans, but you know, whatever gets you through the night. 
I must say, for a “registered Democrat” you’re awfully sweet on the man. It’s almost like, and I’d be shocked I say, like you’re lying through your teeth. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 10:57:07
Nope, not bitter, not even mad. You’ll note that I’ve never said anything about impeachment, you keep bringing it up. 
You started this by saying everyone was “butthurt” by how unPC Trump is and I’ve pondered need out numerous times that is not that. Its just sad how much you much you defend him while he damages your country. But you know, congrats on being a part of it, you seem to think think that no powerful country has ever slipped from that perch before. I don’t know when it’ll happen to America but all things must past. Enjoy it while it lasts. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 02:48:20
Sooooo you’re going to admit that without a ‘smoking gun’ that satisfies you personally that mountains of historical evidence doesn’t prove that he’s a corrupt, abusing liar? That’s fine, you’ve just saying that you’re not interested in the actual world at all. 
If you pull your head out of your arse you’ll not that other countries are starting to work together without America, international treaties and agreements are happening without you. Whether this is the start of something bigger or a four year blip, we’ll have to see. 
But rest assured, to go to your original claims, the rest of the world doesn’t give a shit about how “PC” your terrible president is. It’s just sad watching America tear itself apart, hopefully you’ll come back at some stage, but right now it’s embarrassing. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 21:55:35
Yeah, that’s the reason the rest of the world thinks Trump is a moron. It’s cause he’s not PC enough, not the corruption, warmongering, lying, history of sexual assault or the narcissism. It’s the PC thing. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 21:59:58
Either back that up with numbers or stop talking out of your arse you dense cunt. 