@_author: johnsmfifth
@_date: 2016-01-12 12:56:45
The main problem to me is that there seems to be a security issue for using this application. There is no way to sign out, once logged in your balance is permanently accessible, if someone gained access to your phone or discovered your phones pin code then they would have full access to your funds and be able to send them off to whatever bitcoin address they liked in seconds. Also if your phone was hacked into remotely, what's to stop someone accessing this application and stealing your money? After all, it's permanently accessible with no requirement or security integrated into payments, you simply enter a hash/address and thee money goes out your account. Uphold/Bitreserve has very tight 2 factor authentication, yet this application seems to provide much easier access with no security what-so-ever. You should have to at least enter a password before a transaction can be accepted/processed???
@_date: 2016-01-12 13:16:39
As a feature request: It would be much easier if when entering an amount to send to a BTC address from one of the other cards or vice versa, if it displayed the current exchange rate of the transaction per bitcoin. As in the current price of 1 BTC in USD, Euros or GBP etc... the lack of this function makes using this as a standalone phone application much more complicated, particularly if you are making a transaction based on trade values.
Additionally, the process of transferring between your own cards is far too slow and long winded. Why do you have to request a payment, copy the hash address of the card and then enter that into the card you want to transfer to. You should merely need to select the card you want to transfer to and the amount to transfer, the same way as it works on the Uphold website. Copying and pasting addresses on a phone is fiddly, it's also more likely that you could paste an incorrect address, or accidently modify the address after pasting. They're basically internal payments and transfers within your own account, so even if the hash/address is required, the application could easily access them automatically when you select which cards to transfer between.
@_date: 2016-02-03 03:43:20
Yes I have been using it, and it's greatly improved, good job! ... though there is still one flaw that I forgot to mention before which makes it very awkward to use for trading purposes in particular. When you wish to transfer money from say BTC to USD or Euro's etc (and vice versa), it would be immensely helpful if it displayed the current price of 1 BTC in the default currency of the account-holder/user or in the currency of the currency-card being transferred to. If your making a quick trade based on current prices you haven't got the time to be working out the current exchange rate, and as the prices fluctuate from second to second you often need to act in the moment as the price changes.
This also highlights the other related issue, is that when you enter a value to transfer to another card or make a payment, it gives you the current value from the point when you entered that screen/window, but it doesn't update from then on. Say you enter a transfer of 1 BTC to USD, it will display the conversion rate, but if you pause for say 30seconds, or delete that value and enter a different one, it will still display the same rate of conversion, despite the fact that the conversion rate has actually changed. If you exit back out of that screen and then go back in again, it will then display an updated conversion rate, but it will not display a live rate on the screen (just the conversion rate when you entered onto that screen/window). Basically it needs to keep checking the current rate of exchange and updating this in real-time on the payment screen. Without this feature it heavily limits the usability, and generally you need to have a computer to hand to keep track of current prices etc. which defeats most of the point of having a mobile app.
Hope I explained this in a clear enough manner, but if this ability was added to the app. it would be pretty much a perfect app. I think, as all else is well laid out and very user-friendly.
Thanks