@_author: johnb820
@_date: 2014-07-05 16:24:34
Nobody understands the fed or monetary policy, but everybody understands the bank imposing arbitrary fees, the bank requiring a dollar minimum in your account, the bank charging for checks, the bank not being open on the weekend or at night, the banks charging to use an ATM, the bank being inconveniently located, the bank providing a lack of online services, the bank charging a fee for a money order, the bank putting a limit on the amount that can be withdrawn at any time, the complexity of the banks' contracts.
People hate the banks all right.
@_date: 2014-07-18 19:27:26
All licenses and regulations are called a barrier to entry and are a tactic by corporations and big business to protect themselves from competition. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 03:01:44
No offense, but I see no fee attached. For a decent amount of bitcoin, it is generally wise to include a fee to make sure the transaction is picked up by miners and included in their blocks. Chances are, the transaction will get confirmed within the next 24 hours, but that's what fees are for, to give incentive to the miners spending large amounts of time and resources on upholding the network.
@_date: 2014-06-18 15:25:33
The block halving was always a form of monetary policy which is of course very much up to debate. It was Satoshi's opinion that a monetary base that expands less and less every few years would be a good compromise. Increasing the number of coins in circulation, especially early on, accounts for coins being lost over time and lowering the reward encourages value. The 4 years in between seems like a fair amount of time to allow people to prepare for the halving from a business point of view.
It does not seem very bright to have a constantly changing block reward nor does it seem very bright to follow a different kind of curve. Fiat is exponential and we all know how that works out. A linear curve does not account for changes in people's behavior as the coin becomes more widely accepted and used. I think Satoshi did pretty good.
@_date: 2014-07-19 16:07:25
Whoa whoa whoa, just because a bank has its own set of licensing rules does not mean cryptocurrencies are in any way shape or form covered by those. Bitlicense is not a subset of a banking license. They are completely different entities. The fact is, if you or I want to start an altcoin in New York it is illegal, except if you are JP Morgan or Goldman Sachs. Then they can do whatever they please with that altcoin, even money laundering.
@_date: 2014-06-04 17:57:25
Honestly, I felt the guide was a little confusing. Perhaps too many details that people can get lost in. Towards the end of the second paragraph the article talks about address conventions and vanity addresses which is not what most people will care about. Maybe once they have a stronger interest in bitcoin then details like that will become more important to them, but until then it causes people's eyes to glaze over and give up on the article.
The one thing the guide did get right though was defining what bitcoin is which is the most important thing. It's unfortunate but I think pictures would really really help.
@_date: 2014-08-19 01:06:46
Picture should read...
It's not about the money,
It's about sending bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-07-01 07:15:57
@_date: 2014-04-08 18:23:04
It's amazing what happens when as a politician you actually have to listen to more than a couple individuals.
@_date: 2014-04-16 22:40:04
If I may speak as a Tim Hortons employee, I think it would be extremely easy to get employees and stores trained for a system like coinkite. The current POS system is terribly inefficient and suspect. Letting customers swipe their own cards is a huge mistake. I can't tell you how much time is wasted by people who don't know how to swipe their card (I'm not joking) or don't realize that the cashier has to press the button on the screen before they can swipe.
Then there is the issue of microtransactions. I have had customers pay for one 25 cent timbit with a credit card. That is in all likelihood a loss on that transaction for the store. The most recent addition to the POS system is allowing people to scan their mobile phone to make a payment. Interestingly enough it's basically a qr code from a remote service that the pad reads just as you would in the case of making a bitcoin purchase. Accepting bitcoins would be a great move for Tim Hortons.
@_date: 2014-06-21 00:50:32
The problem with mining is that Satoshi naively thought people would act in their best economic interests. People lose tons of money every day mining bitcoin and it hasn't been profitable for a large majority of potential miners for years now. The hashing power of the network rises exponentially while the price does not match that. The hashing power is better thought of as the "cost" of the network, in terms of electricity, resources, time, etc. and that "cost" is not at all reasonable given the current rewards.
@_date: 2014-07-25 23:39:06
Thank you! The government and the banks can simply make it illegal to accept bitcoin. For any business that is discovered to be accepting bitcoin they can cut off financial access, ban them from credit, threaten imprisonment, or use the notion to find something else they can arrest you for. It's really very simple. When they start to fight back, we will look like Jews in Nazi Germany hiding from the SS. There will be a McCarthy era witch hunt for enemies of the state. And there won't be liberators or common sense.
@_date: 2014-12-31 13:37:13
I think the number of transactions is a pretty good indicator of further adoption and/or use cases. Of course certain uses of bitcoin will cause more transactions than others, like how there was a noticable spike when Satoshi Dice went online. However, seeing that upward trend in 2014 means more people are using the network and so more fees are being collected by miners, and that's a good thing.
@_date: 2014-07-16 06:26:49
That's what I did though. I went through the checkout and saw no bitcoin option at all.
Edit: Nevermind, maybe I was trying to purchase from a different seller but now I see bitcoin as an option.
@_date: 2014-10-12 01:14:42
This is absolutely it. We can never expect to have the same kind of employment that we've had in the past. What I think needs to happen is to have wages come down and to employ more people, not for the purpose of giving people jobs, but to eliminate the wasteful inefficiencies manifested from squeezing current labor. Why have 5 people on a project struggling to get it finished correctly when you can have 10 with more voices, more opinions, more options available to the employer?
Introducing more people into the work force, even at low salaries, would benefit the progress, training, and development of industries struggling to find qualified candidates. I am also confident that if you give people a purpose, however miniscule, they will rise to the occasion. It is ultimately hurting our economies excluding and belittling people with potential in the name of cost cutting. And as painful as it sounds to be suggesting wage suppression, I think a country like the United States has more than the capacity to be honest. There is a base living wage which sits not too far above minimum wage, given a full time job. We can live with less as a whole and even induce much needed demand for new, changing social arrangements.
@_date: 2014-07-16 02:48:59
Except they do not actually accept bitcoin any more. Apparently it was just a promotion... I went to purchase something today and never found a way to buy with bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-04-22 21:46:05
I might dare to theorize that bitcoin's volatility is primarily due to external influences in the fiat world. Right now bitcoin the monetary supply inflates at a fixed rate with zero limitations at the protocol level. That we even have to value bitcoin against fiat currencies is somewhat unfair. The price of bitcoins in Argentine Pesos is obviously going up, but that just means that the value of Pesos is going down.
Every bubble we have seen has come from issues surrounding the fiat world. Coinbase allowed people to tie bank accounts which led to a solid price increase, a rise in liquidity into the exchange. Mt Gox, China likewise have moved the price due to the movement of fiat or the failure to comply within fiat based economies.
I would be more interested in certain microeconomies within the bitcoin space that do not require interference from banks. I suspect such industries are very healthy and do more to promote sustainability than anything else.
That James Rickard seems to think tying bitcoin to gold is nothing more than a further attempt to interfere with the ecosystem albeit perhaps a logical conclusion from someone who does not understand bitcoin price volatility.
@_date: 2014-08-06 00:14:37
I would love to get paid once a day for my hourly wage. Automate it directly into the POS system to calculate the wage and send it when you clock out. By the time you get home the money is in your bitcoin wallet. That would cut out payroll, the hassle of having to come get your pay check, cash it, and wait 3 days before it clears. Yes, there are people who have a hard time waiting even one week for their pay check. Something happens and you have to make a big payment but you live week to week, you might not have the money to afford food due to the inefficiencies of the current system.
@_date: 2014-06-20 14:47:29
To the people that matter, bitcoin is quickly becoming legitimate. Sorry, but everyone who thinks it's a pyramid scheme is not worth your time or emotional involvement. All those people do not do anything unless they have been told to or forced to. They will not use bitcoin until business interests (who do matter) tell them to.
@_date: 2014-12-23 08:57:58
It's in talks like this one that make me realize just how big computers and the internet were as an invention in the evolution of the medium. Sure, Andreas says we don't need the internet to run bitcoin, but I fail to see how practical it would be without it. How long is too long to wait for a transaction to verify? How long is too long for consensus to be reached with each block? In a more optimistic view, there are still very fast mediums besides fiber optics and who knows what future mediums are still out there waiting to be discovered. In a more pessimistic view, have we relinquished enough control to the banks for them to crash the world and take us back into the stone age? A simple nuclear "accident" could suffice.
Other than that, Andreas continues to hint at what Terence Mckenna would call infinite novelty, the point at which we are able to know everything about everything at the same time when space and/or time become irrelevant.
@_date: 2014-07-29 07:45:36
Wow, this article goes way over my head. It mascarades as if it's some political crisis. Rufos, Paris Club of creditors, new global bureaucracy for debt negotiations? Who are the bondholders? Why does this problem go to US courts when it's an Argentine problem? If there is any example of what is wrong with the global financial system, this is it.
@_date: 2014-10-10 06:11:58
That shot of Andreas sitting at the end of the table in the blue shirt, with all the senators in their suits, is just gold. Such a fascinating arrangement to say the least.
@_date: 2014-05-12 03:48:13
So they invest the money in easy, safe assets certain to increase in value. Aka stocks, commodities, hedge funds, real estate, maybe land, none of which actually contributes to GDP because they are too indirect with too many ways for people to leech off of it. Some even hurt the liquidity of the markets by squashing opportunities for otherwise good players in the economy.
@_date: 2014-06-18 04:36:24
Ok so first of all, bitcoin is already "competing" with the pound at an uneven playing level. Second of all, there is not really a competition when one currency is objectively superior to another. There is only ignorance and greed in using an obsolete currency. If governments around the world, including England, allowed people to pay taxes with bitcoin then it is essentially game over for fiat because bitcoin is superior.
In either case, there is no free market competition.
@_date: 2014-05-09 06:20:34
Am I the only one who cringes when I hear buzz words from people who really have no rationality when dealing with technology and wouldn't understand the difference between bad ideas and useful trends if their life (and business) depended on it?
Everything is going "mobile." The world is "digitizing." Computers are going to run the planet and do our laundry for us... except not really. 
@_date: 2014-07-08 04:14:53
Ask him how he's doing, how his travels have been, what it's like being all over the place talking about bitcoin, maybe what kind of food he likes, you know... questions you ask a human being rather than asking for all the answers to your bitcoin problems.
@_date: 2014-06-10 18:05:32
I am strongly of the belief that in the future we are going to look back on this era of the central banks and wonder why we decided to live in such an oppressed world. Hopefully bitcoin is part of that future.
@_date: 2015-05-16 14:30:58
I too would rather explain bitcoin to others using the word public... implying the notions of public versus private, that it is something we the people control.
I like "Public Blockchain" personally.
@_date: 2014-04-25 04:18:04
Huge improvement over the previous one. Mentioning exchanges and explaining that miners are actually auditing the public ledger of the network are critical pieces of information.