@_author: johnmcdonnell
@_date: 2011-09-30 14:11:41
I wasn't exactly saying you were wrong (although clearly it was caused by Versailles makes it a sort of bad example don't you think?), but this happened in 1923 and the Nazis took power a decade later, during a deflationary spiral that was putting millions of Germans out of work.


Seems pretty sloppy to blame it all on inflation when the Nazis actually rose to power during deflation, don't you think?
@_date: 2011-09-29 03:31:30
My big complaint would be the "liquidity trap" thing, I think only Keynesians believe in that. That's the only real argument there exists for fiscal expansion during a deflationary spiral.
I'm more of the market monetarist persuasion which says that a liquidity trap is basically just a cultural impediment: central banks are used to adjusting the money supply using interest rate targeting and refuse to switch to alternative interventions when nominal interest rates drop to zero.
@_date: 2011-09-30 03:40:48
I think we agree a lot on policy, etc., but I'm still sort of puzzled why the fed (and many (most?) economists) focus on interest rates so much. I dont' personally care very much about interest rates. What I do care about is the supply and demand for money being balanced, and there are obvious measures of 'balance' that the fed could target explicitly that have nothing to do with interest rates.
@_date: 2011-09-30 05:55:36
I think you need to study some economic history.
@_date: 2011-09-30 14:08:54
Nobody is suggesting that the US pay burdensome war debt payments as a solution to the downturn (although I guess they are suggesting Germany do so again, maybe that should make you guys nervous).
@_date: 2011-09-30 14:24:10
This is the other wikipedia article on that time period: [The Long Depression](
@_date: 2011-09-30 16:52:52
You are wrong about inflationary periods (at least according to any mainstream economic model). During inflation, wages keep up, and people earn fair wages. Unanticipated inflation is bad for people with nominally-denominated assets like bonds, which become worth less than they were expected to be worth.
During deflation, workers' wages become higher than the market price of their labor. But people are irrationally averse to a nominal drop in wages (even if real wages are unchanged). Because existing workers are overpriced, demand for labor drops and unemployment soars (there is also a separate reduction in the demand for investment savings which also hurts here). It benefits existing workers in terms of real wages, but it creates huge labor market distortions which reduce everyone's job security and make it very difficult to find new employment.
@_date: 2011-09-29 03:21:53
Why are Keynesians so obsessed with interest rates??? Is there an ink and paper shortage during a liquidity trap? The central bank can readily create inflation, it's called a printing press... (and thanks to rational expectations theory, they actually only need to state a price level target and credibly threaten to print money until the goal is achieved)
There is no need to run to government to save us. The central bank just needs a stated long term goal for the value of money and a commitment to enforce it.
@_date: 2011-09-30 03:45:18
"the collapse of many more nations than deflation ever could" ...excepting World War II I guess?
Also, usually countries have hyperinflation *because* they're collapsing, not the other way around.
@_date: 2011-09-30 05:54:45
I thought real interest rates reflected the supply of credit which I don't think of as quite the same thing (but please correct me on any matter of fact since I wasn't an econ major; also I'm not saying they shouldn't target interest rates in normal times). I find it very confusing to think about the relationship between the price of credit and the supply or price of money. I do think of NGDP as reflecting the actual money supply (money's effective scarcity), although in a sense the price level is also an okay measure of money's scarcity (the difference is basically, how many dollars will move this year and are thus available, vs. how much goods and services do I need to trade for a dollar).
In any case, I thought that due to rational expectations, the supply and demand of money will be balanced if its supply (perhaps in either of these terms) is on a steady level growth path. My macro model is basically that if the supply of money veers off its growth path, this is bad both because it effectively changes the terms of outstanding contracts (debts become either less valuable to creditors (inflation) or more burdensome to debtors on the negative side (deflation)) and specifically moving to a growth path that is too slow (or even negative) requires adjustments that people aren't good at making (e.g., wages are sticky downwards), which results in large-scale inefficiencies.
Interest rates are nowhere to be found in this model, except as a tool the fed has to enforce its growth targets. Do you think they're necessary?
@_date: 2011-09-30 14:22:13
This is a list of financial crises and bank runs that happened when we were on the gold standard: [wikipedia search for 'panic of...'](
Pretty shocking number, huh? And we've had 2 since we left the gold standard.
@_date: 2013-03-05 16:25:55
Hi there, you guys should clarify that policy in the message. I think you should also have the option of filing trades which will execute at the next available time, since as it is it's fairly frustrating.