@_author: johnarras
@_date: 2014-01-25 19:35:35
The other thing is that these cryptocurrencies won't work in a collapse. Computing power and the Internet will become scarce because they're luxuries that exist because our basic needs are met. That means only a small group of people will still have access to powerful computers and the Internet or whatever comes after it. It also means that there won't be widespread excess computing power to operate these cryptocurrencies, and the unreliability of the remaining networks means you can expect forks and other ugliness. Random shopkeepers won't accept bitcoin since they won't have reliable access to the Internet. And if random shopkeepers do have that kind of access, then that means that widespread computing power still exists and the collapse wasn't that bad. The first time Bitcoin fails through double spends or just plain not being able to connect to the rest of the network, people will go back to demanding gold or money or salt or bullets or whatever else they can hold in their hands and use now.
I just don't get why the "collapse nuts" think that this computerized world will continue for everyone during a collapse, and why they think they will be at the top after a collapse. Being a white male (as most collapse nuts are) in America during this time is living life on easy mode. If you can't make it now under this system you will be crushed during a collapse. The people who make it now adapt and deal with the system as it is and don't sit around bitching about it hoping it will change to meet some imagined utopian future. They will adapt during a collapse and they will still remain on top and chances are the people sitting around waiting for the collapse will die or become enslaved pretty quickly.
Remember that a lot of rich, successful people are psychopaths or sociopaths. They are successful because they try to do what they can within the laws and the system we have now. If the government and the "monopoly on force" goes away, they will build armies and become feudal lords because nobody will stop them. And what do you think people who are currently criminals who engage in minor nonviolent crime will do? They will be able to move into other more violent types of crimes and build their empires too. 
If the feudal future concerns you (not the parent in particular), or if you assume someone will look out for your physical safety during a collapse (say a private police for or militia), you should really stop crying about "the government monopoly on force" since that's what lets you live your life in safety now. You just don't appreciate it. 
