@_author: johnny92020
@_date: 2014-01-17 06:12:09
Well you do have a point and I m kind of a skeptical person like you usually... Anything is possible indeed and I guess I can t blame you for your reaction. 
For what it s worth I just feel extremely thankfull for what Dave did for me and I just wanted to share my experience so people would not repeat my mistake and keep hope if they were in my shoes. I guess I jumped on his service because I saw a couple positive reviews here and there, I had a very good impression/gut feeling about my first email exchange with him, I was desperate and I really had nothing to loose. My logic:
1) Loose the wallet to the system
2) Loose it to a scammer 
3) get it back minus 20% if the guy is legit.
 I d rather take a leap of faith and give Dave a shot then giving up on my bitcoins but to each his own :) I mean he doesn t ask anything upfront nor does makes falses premises when you talk to him.
I gave you my email because I thought well maybe I can give you my phone number or communicate more private info but Yes there will still be no 100% that I am a customer and not Dave. Hopefully his many reviews will speak for themselves and more people using his services will come forward and he ll build his reputation/trust with the bitcoin community. 
I think I did my part as a satisfied customer now it s up to each and everyone to make up their own mind about the real vs fake story.
@_date: 2014-01-17 05:44:48
Look here i know you have sometimes people that selfpromote their business through fake reviews, if you think I m dave or a friend/worker... Than contact me at (well no point in it, no reason to flood my email with spams, read thread see below) and I think I ll be able to prove I m real. Also why in the world would I post on this board, If I am a noob to begin with? What am I suppose to share? My no knowledge of wallets, and bitcoins? I d rather do like most noobs with a brain read and learn.
I decided to post my experience, because I feel like it could help people not making the same mistake (forgetting their password on a bitcoin wallet and relying only on the pin) and keeping hope in the case they also forget/loose their password. There is a chance to get it back.
@_date: 2014-01-17 06:20:02
Yep I was lucky enough to have a list of words/sequences/ponctuation... That I was sure I had used for my password. It was a matter of figuring out in which order/combination and uppercase/lowercase