@_author: johnyq1980
@_date: 2017-03-19 12:33:52
How do you know this?
@_date: 2017-03-25 07:47:04


Oh... i never thought about 2nd layer this way. I totally agree that bitcoin has a privacy problem. Very good point, thanks for mentioning it.
@_date: 2017-03-24 12:49:52
Of course! My argument is just based on how Satoshi designed bitcoin: a) it is in the best self interest of the majority of miners to attack the minority and b) therefore it is super super hard to survive as a minority chain - by design. Now if you you change PoW, thats a whole new game, there is nothing in the whitepaper about that. How this will work out is everybodys guess. 
@_date: 2017-03-19 14:03:45
- Nodecount: can be faked
- Usercount on 2 different forum parts of an internet website (where one forum part exists since 6 years, the other since 2 years) - irrelevant
- new Bitfinex tokens: there seems to be a problem with the definition of the tokens, but i don´t know details (and i don´t care, i ignore bfx since the hack ;) 
- exchange announcement: the exchanges just want to run their day to day business with the least difficult technical solution, totally fine, has nothing to do with voting
my general opinion to this whole "economic majority" argument:
@_date: 2017-03-24 13:14:42
I will not try to defend any specific actions of specific miners. We can easily agree that in the last 2 years, miners acted pretty strange overall. To let this blocksize conflict rumble on for such a long time was actually irresponsible. 
@_date: 2017-03-24 22:04:02
I just try to understand how you think - you are probably not the only one who thinks like this. Let me try again, does this describes your point of view:
Bitcoin is like any other average open source project, Greg is like an average open source developer, with an average influence on the project (1 in 100 at best), and being employed by a company in the same field is actually totally the same as being a stakeholder in this company. 
And so you can´t see a potential conflict of interest here.
I really just want to understand your point of view.
(about my deeper knowledge about the 2nd level chains - there you might be right. But i have the feeling that i am not alone, the use cases of Lightning for example are probably totally exaggerated especially when on-chain transactions are super expensive, because than you need to leave your channel open all the time and someone can block your money. But i might be wrong and i need to rethink this)
@_date: 2017-03-19 18:40:08
Comment of the day xD
@_date: 2017-03-24 21:25:47
First of all, i phrased it this way:


I did not try to verify this, thats true. But it was publicly stated more than once from different people. Now if this is not true, and there is a public statement where Greg clears this up, i would love to see the link.
Now this part actually worries me:


So you are basically saying: There might be a conflict of interest, sure, but this is Gregs private business (hint: no it´s not), but even if thats true, you need to count this against his personal contributions to the project. And because these contributions where high, it is quite ok? Not a big deal? No worries? 
@_date: 2017-03-19 16:38:50
Hmmm... now i think this is semantics. I know what a node does. I am talking about who has the power to vote for a change in bitcoin: miners are invested with 0.5-1 billion dollars in hashpower. A node can be run on a Raspberry Pi. All miners run multiple nodes.  
So miners can run as many nodes as they want, with the node software they want. Independent node operators can not run as many hashpower as they want. 
@_date: 2017-03-18 09:46:48
Be careful with insider jokes ;)
@_date: 2017-03-24 17:15:48
Haha, yes, it was worth the fun :)
About state actors: Now they are not involved in the game theory model, they are outside actors. And it is clear that this was Satoshis biggest fear - getting pressured by 3 letter agencys and governments.   
But there is also an upside to the actual situation - now this is my personal super optimistic theory, it goes like this:
- A couple guys in china own the majority of bitcoin hashpower
- The chinese government should hate bitcoin (of course they hate everything they can´t manipulate)
- So these guys should have already died in a car crash
- Now why are these guys still alive?
- There is probably one thing that the chinese government hates even more than bitcoin
- This one thing is: the world dominance of the US dollar (see f.e. Trumps comments on "China manipulates currency")
- So they probably realised: hey if we let this thing happen, it will hurt us, but it will hurt the USD more. Thats worth it in the long run.
So there you have it: my conspiracy theory that bitcoin will go to $100.000 per coin powered by chinese government. Use with caution though :)
@_date: 2017-03-19 13:40:11


Have you ever read the bitcoin whitepaper? The majority of miners can do to bitcoin whatever they want. If miners decide today to increase the number of bitcoins to 210 million, they can do it. The reason they probably won´t is that then all users will leave bitcoin and the value will go to zero. So it is a power balance between the miners and the bitcoin holders. The miners make a decision, the users/holders react to that. If miners make bad decisions about the future of bitcoin, users/holders will leave. 
So decision making in bitcoin in one sentence is "one cpu, one vote". Why did Satoshi designed it that way? Because hashpower/work is the only thing you can´t fake.  
It might be hard to swallow, but decision making in bitcoin is not:  
- one core developer, one vote
- one argument, one vote
- one node, one vote
- one rbitcoin member, one vote
- one reddit comment, one vote
- one industry letter, one vote
- one ecosystem, one vote
Miners will vote with their hashpower, users will vote with their wallet. Thats it.
@_date: 2017-03-24 17:00:55
Thanks, missed this one. Sounds pretty reasonable to me: Quote: "(The hardfork) it is a simple conflict of interest. The conflict cannot be resolved via slogans, propaganda, arguments of ideological correctness..."  
@_date: 2017-03-24 17:33:21
Well i think this is an obvious tit-for-tat strategy (probably the oldest game theoretical strategy ever invented): the miners want on chain scaling, as much as technically possible (because that is their revenue potential, and yes i think thats fair enough, and benefits every user). If they get this, than they let the malleability fix happen without problem. Why not? There are enough use cases where a 10 minute confirmation time is way to long.   
If they allow the malleability (this is the most terrible english word i ever wrote) fix happen before they get control over the block size, they have played all their cards. Then the only way to get bigger blocks is that they go on their knees in front of the core dev developers.  
I think thats totally rational. 
@_date: 2017-03-24 17:00:35
Thanks, missed this one. Sounds pretty reasonable to me: Quote: "(The hardfork) it is a simple conflict of interest. The conflict cannot be resolved via slogans, propaganda, arguments of ideological correctness..."  
@_date: 2017-03-24 13:21:43
Sure. Do you also have an argument?
@_date: 2017-03-24 16:36:11
Now i am not a technical expert, so i am on thin ice here: as far as i understand it, the update that core devs define as segwit is actually a bundle of a lot of different things. The malleability fix alone can be done totally independent of the segwit part (the fix seems to be a side effect of segwit).  
If miners would oppose the mallebility fix, that would be incredibly stupid (and irrational), i totally agree on that, because there are many use cases like the internet of things with micro transactions where we need second layer tech. I think the opposition right now is totally based on the blocksize limit.
@_date: 2017-03-24 17:00:19
Thanks, missed this one. Sounds pretty reasonable to me: Quote: "(The hardfork) it is a simple conflict of interest. The conflict cannot be resolved via slogans, propaganda, arguments of ideological correctness..."  
@_date: 2017-03-24 19:20:30
I still remember the first time i read Satoshis whitepaper. I literally couldn´t sleep that night. I was wandering around at 3:00 AM, constantly thinking this through. Where was the loophole? If there was no loophole (other than the weakness to the 51% attack), this bitcoin thing would be unstoppable. The most beautiful economic paper i had ever read (and i had to read a lot). Pure genius. Noble price for economics instantly.
The whole blocksize debate from my point of view is simply about future profits. If at one day in the future there a 10 million dollars of transaction fees per day, how will they be divided between first layer and second layer solutions? Will it be 20:80, 50:50, or 90:10?
They day i heard the rumor that some core devs founded a company to develop second layer solutions, it took a while before my eyebrows came back from the back of my head. So if it is really true that you are a stakeholder(!) in a company that wants to profit from second layer solutions, and at the same time you influence the decision making process in this ESSENTIAL question - wow, thats impressive.    
Even if i consider that the average miner is not the sharpest knife in the drawer, to pull of this type of machiavellian power grab is kind of epic. You found a loophole in bitcoin that even Satoshi did not see. Well played!
Now let´s see how this works out.
@_date: 2017-03-15 15:21:40
But it also could be that a lot of new nodes where started! So f.e. out of 100% of the nodes, 60% where updated in 6-12 hours - which i think is reasonable in a situation like this - if you run a BU node right now, you are highly engaged in this debate. And then another 20% of new nodes where launched from the same or new people who where triggered to get active now. And in the next couple days the rest of the nodes will come back online. At least i wouldn´t be surprised if the total BU node count will be higher next week than it was last week.
@_date: 2017-03-24 14:30:09
If we could agree that i oversimplified decision theory / rationality, thats fine with me. And you are of course right, utility does not have to mean _exactly_ the same as "selfish self-interest". But it is still pretty close ;) And because english is not my first language, i can´t  go really deep into semantics here. 
But if you mention total undefined feel-good concepts like "the benefit of mankind", you are lightyears outside of everything that can be described in any meaningful way in a game theoretical concept.  Especially "morality" has a rather low correlation to "the benefit of mankind" i would argue. 
@_date: 2017-03-19 21:40:46
You are right! I wrote a long answer to moral_agent - please check it.
@_date: 2017-03-25 22:51:44
Thats your blog? Great article!
@_date: 2017-03-24 16:03:35
I see where you coming from, jaydoors, i still have to disagree especially with this point:


A visited a casino a couple of times in my life and played roulette. Now i was fully aware that with every spin of the wheel, i would loose exactly 1/37 = 2.7% of my money. Winnings are just a variance of this long term outcome. Was still fun though.  
A rational actor how it is defined in economics/ game theory would never enter such a game. So a rational minority miner would instantly understand that this game is highly rigged against him (a poker player would say this is a -EV move) and would follow the majority. Now what some people try here is to introduce some other decision factors outside this game model, from "but i hate Roger Ver" up to "for the benefit of mankind".
I am also not that pessimistic about the future of bitcoin if BU succeeds. At least based on the model, in theory it is on the "first level" not relevant how many different people own the hashpower. If only one guy owns 100% of the hashpower, bitcoin is fine as long as this guy acts rational. Now the problem is of course the risk that this guy is pressured, bribed, etc. to act against his self interest. So yes, the fact that probably only a couple of guys own a lot of hashpower, and all live in the same country, and this country is not a democracy in a western world definition, that is at least a potential risk. But i don´t see that this will change if segwit gets activated. 
@_date: 2017-03-24 23:00:20
Thanks for this very balanced and very thoughtful post. Now i wanted to start a debate, and that worked out well. So i was provocative, i did not want to hurt anyone.
I actually had a moral reason to do this, and i will now stop posting here. I think we all should be aware that we have some sort of responsibility to everyone who reads this sub. There are different type of readers, with different backgrounds and different intellectual capacity. But i have read here statements like "in case of a split, i am happy to sell BU coin for the real bitcoin".  
This is why i think it is really important to mention that bitcoin works based on a game theory model. So in case of a chain split, here is what everyone should keep in mind:
- if you have bitcoin in the amount of "beer money": feel free to upload your beer money to the exchange you like before the fork. Press the "sell Roger Ver coin" button as soon as it is available, and buy the real bitcoin. If you feel superior doing this in a moral, ethical or technical sense - good for you. Show these evil chinese miners what you think of them! You made the right decision!
- if you own a serious amount of bitcoin, based on your personal net value, your age, your point in live etc.: forget everything what you have read here about what bitcoin should be or should not be. Forget morals. Forget chinese miners. Keep in mind that based on game theory, the longest chain has a huge advantage by design. DO NOT SELL ALL COINS OF THE LONGER CHAIN TO BUY COINS ON THE SHORTER CHAIN. Nobody can predict the outcome of this event, but based on probabilities, this might be a -EV move. Do nothing. Let the dust settle.
@_date: 2017-03-19 16:07:05
Haha, that´s a clever response, i give you that. So yes, we both know i oversimplified the bitcoin model down to two partys - users and miners. Yes there is a third party - nodes - between the two. But it is sunday and the weather looks promising, so i want to get out of the house ;)  
I still think that to describe the power balance in bitcoin as "users vs miners" is pretty accurate. Because nodes are cheap, their number is not that important (sure, more is better, but the number can be faked anyways), and if you run a node that is not compatible with what the miner do, you can simply not spend your coins because there is no blocks where you can put your transactions in.  
So the miners can fork away from your node software, your node can not fork away from the miners. So if it comes to the power of decision making in which direction bitcoin will go, i don´t see that nodes play a big role. 
You really disagree with this argument? 
@_date: 2017-03-24 12:37:39
Well i studied economics, but i understand that doesn´t count here :) And i am always happy to learn something new. Here is how i see it: Satoshi designed bitcoin in a way that it is rational for miners to always follow the longest chain (miners who do not follow the longest chain therefore act irrational). Now the system makes is very easy for the majority of the miners to attack the minority, the rational minors can attack the irrational minors. And this is in the self interest of the rational miners. It is all laid out very beautifully in the whitepaper (that i still consider as one of the most ingenious piece of economic work ever done).  
As far as how the markets react: markets hate nothing more then uncertainty. Now if the miners would be very short term motivated, they would stop pushing for a hard fork, thats right. And all this twitter trash talk is for sure not helping the bitcoin price. But it seems that a majority of miners (we are still not there yet) is willing to pay this price for their long term self interest. Thats ok because it is their decision.
@_date: 2017-03-24 12:09:47
Meni, you seem to have spend a lot of time trying to understand bitcoin. It is astonishing that you still don´t get it. Try to read the whitepaper - you probably did, but please, take a deep breath and do it again. Try to understand: bitcoin is based on game theory. In game theory, every actor can act rational or irrational. "rational" means you maximise your own self interest.   
It is really important to understand that there are no moral categories in game theory. "beeing greedy" is a moral category. If bitcoin would rely on people acting to moral standards (that differ a lot around the world by the way), bitcoin would have long been gone.  
The reason why you are so confused is that you try to reinvent bitcoin in your head in a way that fits your personal value system ("bitcoin is for good people that are vegans and animal lovers, Trump voters should stay away"). Thats just not how bitcoin works.   
I understand that this might be hard to swallow for you, but you would be better off if you would accept this.
@_date: 2017-03-14 17:04:46
You are still making false assumptions. If the situation would be something like "on january 1st 2017, 5000 nodes where installed, and 90% are segwit, 10% are BU" - then ok, you could at least make the point that the majority of node operators prefer segwit. But it is more like "over the last couple years, there where a lot of nodes installed, and the majority of it runs the core version right now". 
@_date: 2017-03-16 00:43:34


Well, that is not the worst case scenario - or at least, this is only part of it. And actually it is already happening right now - look at the altcoins, ETH is up 30% or so in the last couple of days - market value now around 3.5 billion dollars - already 15% of bitcoins market cap.  
Your full worst case scenario goes like this:
- money flows from Bitcoin to altcoins 
- Bitcoin price drops, f.e. to 400 $, investors leave
- first miners go bancrupt
- more users leave
- price drops to 100 $, all investors gone
- more minors leave, security of bitcoin is now super low
- more user leave
- price drops to 0.1 $
Then you have nice empty blocks, but no, this is not a good opportunity to buy in, because the rule is "they never come back".
@_date: 2017-03-19 18:42:07
Thats how Satoshi designed bitcoin. Seriously, read the whitepaper, at least one time. The word "voting" in bitcoin means miners are voting. 
@_date: 2017-03-19 21:30:06
Thanks for your answer. Please keep in mind that english is not my first language - i looked up "condescending", and i apologize. I can not "fine tune" my wording as i would do it in my first language. And yes, because this debate is going on for years now, it is getting on my nerves a bit.    
Every forum on the internet is basically somewhat an echo chamber. And i think that rBitcoin is an extreme example of it. If you stay too long in an echo chamber, your thinking will get confused. It might be helpful to read another sub, just to see different opinions.  
Here is where i think you are wrong: you interpret the words "voting" and "majority" in a real world context like democracy. Thats a problem. Take a piece of paper, just draw some circles or whatnot on it, and just for fun try to invent your own coin - moral_agent_coin: maccoin. So how would you do it? You want that the majority votes for something - great. Now what exactly is the majority? In a democracy, it is "one man, one vote". Is this how your coin works? Fine! Now how do you it? Because you probably want an anonymous coin - in democracy there is no such thing - what you vote for is hidden, but every voter needs some form of registration. And who can vote? In democracy, everyone in a country (oversimplification). Doesn´t really work? What about "one maccoin = one vote". That might work, but what if only 1% of the people hold 99% of your maccoin?   
When i say "read the whitepaper", i basically mean: try to understand that the genius of Satoshi was to come up with something that you cannot fake, even if it is permission free and anonymous - proof of work aka hashpower.   
The combined investments of the miners is probably around 1 billion dollars right now. Thats the majority in terms of bitcoin logic. Yes there might be another billion dollars in venture capital investmens in companies, and 3 billion dollars in work hours of real people. But bitcoin only cares about proof of work.  
Now lets assume that only 1 chinese business man controls 100% of the hashpower. Is this bad? yes. Can we do something about it? No! We can probably even never proof this! What we can do: we can leave bitcoin. Then bitcoin is worth nothing, and this guy lost a billion dollars.   
Thats basically the system described in the whitepaper. If you don´t like this, bitcoin is not for you. There are other coins out there with other concepts (proof of stake etc.). What the core team and some spin doctors here try to do, is to convince you that we can change bitcoin into something else - a system with someone who makes central decisions and then looks for voters like a politician in a democracy - for things like the maximum size of the mining blocks for example. A decision that highly affects the income of the miners. And all of this based on his authority (or his neckbeard).   
This will not work. And that is a good thing.
@_date: 2017-03-16 23:57:10
I agree 100%. I still remember the first time i told someone about bitcoin: "you can send money in 10 minutes everywhere, and it is close to free, maybe a cent or so max - l show you how, i will send you 50 cents, you only need to download a small software".  
With 3mb blocks this would be today the same experience than 4 years ago. WHY OH WHY are we risking this? Because full nodes need a bigger hardrive 10 years from now? Because of some "off chain solutions" that doesn´t even exist yet? I don´t get it.
@_date: 2017-03-02 21:30:03
Hahaha... the sad thing is: this could be totaly true :)
@_date: 2017-03-17 08:17:04
Packetinspector, I understand where you coming from. Even if i don´t know you, i know we both have a lot in common: we live both in a first world country, are tech savvy, internet savvy, are motivated to understand abstract concepts, and so we are able to understand a USP like "store of value outside central bank control". And we TRUST crypto currencies, because we have experience with it.  
But we are a tiny minority on this planet. And if we want Bitcoin to go mainstream, we need more users. 5 times or 10 times more users wouldn´t be a problem with the current system in the next 2 years, with a dynamic blocksize my guess is this would be something between 6 to 12 mb. No big deal, if you leave politics aside and think it through with common sense.
And to bring new users in, nothing is better than "its close to free and takes 10 minutes". Then if users have some experience, some of them will look deeper and understand the "store of value" and the political aspect. I am afraid if we take away these easy to understand USPs, Bitcoin will stop growing.   
And everything on the internet that stops growing will start dying. And i am afraid this process is beginning right now. I just checked my altcoin portfolio 5 minutes ago - in the last 24 hours + 5.2 btc. Thats nice, but it doesn´t feel right :(
@_date: 2017-03-24 18:39:58
Haha... my position is the same in the last 2 years. But yes, you are right, the first sentence you quoted was misleading - my fault. I didn´t expect you to analyze this that deep :) So yes there is a condition, only the second quote is correct. If miners can maximize their revenue on chain, only limited by technical borders, not by an arbitrary limit, then there is no rational reason to block second layer solutions (which also have to settle on chain).  
And ok, because it is you: There might still be a rational reason in theory - if miners would think that all (or 98%) of the transaction revenue would take place in the second layer. But i have never heard about a theory that this could happen. I think this is actually impossible to predict. So given the high uncertainty in this question, it would be irrational to block the mall... fix.
@_date: 2017-03-17 13:50:34
Thanks for pointing this out. I heard this argument before - the blockchain would be used to store random stuff - I honestly do not understand it, at first i thought this was just a joke from Greg Maxwell.
Here is what i think about it - please tell me where i am wrong, or what i am missing:
First of all if we don´t want people to store random stuff in the blockchain, we could simply make it impossible, or at least super difficult. No? Why not? At least the node knows while validating the transaction, if it is a transaction at all in the first place. Ok right now the miner puts the data into the block, and the miner does not look into the data. And time is money for the miner, so not much computing time.  Got it. But that is really the last word? I mean what if we ask the leading 500 mathematicians on this planet to come up with a super fast checksum or whatnot, to check if some random data is a bitcoin transaction or not. My guess is in less than a week we have 10 ideas on the table to look into.  
But lets ignore this technical argument, lets assume there are people that would want to store data in the slowest database on the planet (10 minutes per write cycle!).  Here are the economics:  
An average transaction is 250 bytes, right now the price per byte in the blockchain is 200 sathoshis. Lets assume we would a have a dynamic blocksize, 3 mb blocks on average driven by miner vote and a market price of 10 sathoshis per byte - thats around 3 dollarcents for an average transaction. Not cheap enough for micropayments (for this we need 2nd layer solutions), but ok to do 5 to 50 dollar transactions, depending on the preference of the user.  
Lets assume i made this private porn movie clip, 50 mb, and i want to store it in the blockchain forever (because its... awesome). This would cost me 50 x 1 million bytes x 10 sathoshi = 500 million sathoshi = 5750 dollar right now (see  i hope i did the math right).  
Now, is this cheap or expensive? This depends on the use case, and how long you calculate "forever". If forever is something like 50 years, 5 copies on amazon cloud would still be way cheaper. But yes, for 5000 years of high security storage, thats a good deal i guess. But here is the economic reality: because the user has to prepay the 5000 years, only in very rare use cases this would be a real option. And if these use cases will clog the blockchain, the price will go up (to freaking 15 satoshis...).  
So yes, with dynamic block size and market prices, there is a small probability that Bill Gates could afford to upload his favorite blue rays to the blockchain. And to prevent this, we all pay $1 per transaction right now? or, if segwit activates, we pay $0.40 for 6 months and then again $1, or probably more, until lightning network is finally ready in 2020?  
I must missing something here. Please somebody help me out.
@_date: 2017-03-13 22:17:21
brilliant :)
@_date: 2017-03-11 11:01:26
i want one! where can i buy this?
@_date: 2017-03-26 00:04:06
It seems to be the first article on your blog (the ?p=86 suggests there are 85 more, but i could´t find another text). Please keep posting - you have a high level understanding of the crypto space, i am sure your blog will find its readers. We need more voices in the debate who look at this space from a rational and analytical mindset.
@_date: 2017-03-24 22:32:04
I don´t have the time to write a proper response to you - it would be actually pretty long. You are pretty deep down the rabbit hole, and you are raising a lot of good points here - different time preferences for example is a problem. And of course there are a lot of questions where game theory can´t give you an definite answer. "Changing PoW" might be such a move, where i could probably find arguments for all possible outcomes to be the most likely. I think at some point it is the most honest answer to say "i don´t know what will happen".