@_author: johnnytsunami0924
@_date: 2018-01-28 22:57:11
@_date: 2018-01-26 17:56:04
You nerd nazi fucks. So much for decentralization of information smh
@_date: 2018-02-05 16:23:32
Highly unlikely. 
@_date: 2018-02-03 12:36:26
Yeah, but a scam is when people's money  gets stolen and vanishes without a trace. In this case the SEC issued a suit against Arisebank because they did not file with the FDIC and supposedly claimed to be insured. As a result their ICO was ended prematurely. Also, good luck tracking transactions on tokens such as Monero. There goes Satoshi's dream; right down the drain along  with these gains lol. 
@_date: 2018-02-06 13:45:42
Yeah, I think you pretty much hit the nail on the head with this one. A distributed ledger not only threatens to put a dent in banking profits across the spectrum, it also decentralizes a very centralized General ledger. See, no corporation would ever wish to give up its financial reporting autonomy without a fight to the death. Decentralized ledgers mean they can't fluff up their quarterly profits on their company balance sheets. This includes but is not limited to P &amp; L statements and statements of cash flow especially. 
Each company has their accounting dept. responsible for making sure their "books are in order". In other words, why would a bank stop from using a centralized ledger they completely control with a payments system they can charge a premium for? DLT would almost make it impossible to "cook the books" and boost profits or increasing expenses for the sake of a lower tax rate. And block chain would make global payments exponentially cheaper, wiping away that "premium" charged for bank transactions. 
So you see this is much bigger than the "threatens financial stability" spiel they've been giving us. Remember, these are the same kind of people that were all in on the mortgage scam. So my guess is that this is a threat to THEIR financial stability, not that of the economy's or the average person by that matter.  Are there SOME scams, sure. Does that speak to crypto as a whole? I don't think so. And in case you didn't know already, WE THE PEOPLE stand to benefit the most from blockchain technology. Those who stand to lose the most will take to the courts and fight until the bitter end. 
When you think of an organized financial institution, think of the FBI, because that's how classified their business dealings are... I bet you get the picture now. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 15:53:27
The stock market was the same way during its inception. Think of crypto rn as the beginning of the universe. After the big bang there was nothing but chaos; but, within the chaos and destruction silently lay the foundation of an interconnected and organized chain of solar systems. Which; would eventually lead to the dawn of life as we know it. Think beyond the struggles of today. That is the key to being a good investor. 