@_author: johnwalkergray
@_date: 2014-03-08 00:23:16
Competing with entrenched monopolies is a very Libertarian sort of agenda.  
@_date: 2014-03-31 23:05:08
Making Bitcoin accessible to the layman in a way that won't get them robbed blind is critical to Bitcoin becoming something you can buy groceries with.  
@_date: 2014-04-12 01:40:32
It wasn't nearly as advanced as what these guys have, of course, but what I was designing was a mesh network protocol that used a dedicated cryptocurrency to enforce peering.
You'd use a DHT for routing like CJDNS, but along with routing information, the DHT would also store the advertised transmission price for a node (how much it charges to send traffic to a given neighbor).  
When a node wanted to send a message through the network, it would pick a valid network route (more efficient for speed, less efficient for traceback-security, entirely randomized to emulate Tor).  It would use onion routing to encrypt the message through its journey, but along with the routing header for each node, it would add the address of a bitcoin wallet in which it's inserted the fee for that node.  The node would empty the wallet and then pass the message along.
In the event that the message failed to complete its journey and trigger a hash verification, the client that originated the message would look through the list of bitcoin wallets for that message, and find the last one emptied, and then flag that node, trigger a refund request, and add it to its personal blacklist until the money was restored to the wallet.
Price-setting for an individual node would be based on routing speed, the price of its neighbors, and total usage demand, and a variety of machine trading algorithms could be used for the task.  Nodes in the network could trade off between price, speed, and security, depending on application.  Because not all packets are randomly routed, you'd be able to achieve reasonable speed benchmarks for non-secure traffic, which would improve performance for secure-traffic users.  You'd still have the encryption overhead, but this could be reduced by handshaking with the nodes you route through the most to exchange symmetric keys, and using symmetric key onion routing thereafter.  
This system has a lot of useful properties in common with the Toroken system described - it would create an incentive to route traffic through the network (and make doing so profitable).  It would also be platform agnostic: you could use it through a hardware mesh network (using phone radios, for example) as well as through standard UDP packets over the traditional internet backbone.    
I really don't have the technical background to develop for Toroken.  This wasn't much more than an idle thought experiment.  It's just always a little weird when you come up with an idea at exactly the same time as somebody else.  
@_date: 2014-02-27 10:08:46
The short, short version: 
Bitcoin is a way for people to keep track of abstract values collectively, and check each other's work.  Every miner on the network is taking the entire transaction history of the network, and solving hard, brute-force math problems related to it.  If they solve these problems well enough, the rest of the network agrees to give them some bitcoins from an ultimately finite pool of possible bitcoins. As a side effect of this "mining," everyone solving these problems is verifying the transaction log, because their solutions to those problems become part of the log.  This makes it very hard to go back and change how bitcoins were spent without re-doing all that work and convincing more than half of the clients that your version is the real one.
Because everyone in the network can check the work of everyone else, it's very hard for anyone to forge a transaction or spend the same money more than once. 
When it all washes out, what you've got virtual money that can be transferred from person to person but never created (except through mining).  You can transfer it by making a statement to the network (signed with your secret key) staying that you want to make the transfer.  That gets added to the transaction log and is verified by bitcoin miners.  Provided you keep your secret key hidden, they can't be stolen.  They're rapidly transferable, secure electronic cash that can be transferred through any internet-connected device.  
@_date: 2014-03-12 22:59:57
I'd go mathematicians over physicists and inventors.  Goedel, Shannon, and Euler are all appropriate.  
@_date: 2014-03-31 08:58:40
In fairness to Krugman, he was writing a relatively minor piece in a field not his own.  On the other hand, when you're publicly wrong on that scale, an honorable suicide is generally held to be the graceful way out.  
Furthermore, the man is a broken-window Keynesian, and that is unforgivable.   
@_date: 2014-04-07 22:21:44
I'm pretty into that Libertarian crap, but I'm largely with you: the get-rich-quick day-trading culture of Bitcoin is nothing but destructive to what's actually interesting and potentially useful about it - namely, its role as a currency.  
@_date: 2014-04-01 00:42:17
I'm not sure I agree.  For that to happen, you'd need malware targeted specifically at WarpWallet (which doesn't exist right now) to be actively spying on code execution inside Chrome at the time you initially generated your private key.  Most Bitcoin stealing malware just searches the hard drive looking for unencrypted private keys, because that's easy and makes it harder to detect.  Developing something that pulls private keys out of the runtime operation of WarpWallet would be significantly more challenging (and less profitable).  I think this is a reasonable gain in security for not very much work.  Scrubbing a PC is an entirely new kind of inconvenient that doesn't seem justifiable until WarpWallet-specific malware is in the wild.   
@_date: 2014-03-08 10:35:26
I honestly am not familiar enough with Standard Oil to comment, but I think we can all agree that there are some nasty corporate monopolies out there.  That said, if you go back a few years on essentially all of them, you either find the direct use of violence (the diamond trade) or direct government intervention (insurance and ISPs).  Libertarians are pretty split, on those cases, on whether anti-trust is appropriate to try to fix the problems of government with more government, or whether it's best to just wait for the market to sort it out.  
In any case, there are fundamental differences between natural monopolies and government "monopolies."  Natural monopolies are extremely rare, and they have to stay competitive because if they start to slip, competitors come out of the woodwork pretty fast, and they can't resort to the use of force to suppress them.
In any case, Bitcoin is fantastic because it lifts fiscal policy out of the hands of the government and into the hands of the market, on a strictly competitive basis, and without any changes in policy.  It's a win on two fronts.    
@_date: 2014-04-01 00:54:52
That might work.  You could avoid that by having separate utilities to generate the public and private keys, I suppose.  Also, if that's happening, you've definitely got a keylogger on your machine that'll nab your Coinbase password and steal your funds if you ever try to cash your cold wallet into coinbase.    
The truth of the matter is, though, that only a small percentage of computers have bitcoin stealing malware.  Of those, a much smaller fraction will be specifically targeting WarpWallet (because it's harder).  Right now, that fraction is zero.  People just *won't* wipe a machine to use Bitcoin, which means that you have to make do with the things that people might do.   
@_date: 2014-04-11 20:47:43
Damn it, I've been idly working on a very similar project for several weeks now.  This is upsetting.
@_date: 2014-04-01 01:10:14


But, presumably you'll want to cash out your cold wallet someday.  A simpler piece of malware than what you described would just steal your coinbase password, and phone it home.  Then the home server could wait for you to have a significant number of bitcoins (like, for example, while cashing out your hot wallet) and steal them all immediately.  Using an offline machine for public key generation and then melting it with thermite wouldn't help at all.  


I'm not sure that's true.  It's a simple process.  It takes ten minutes, and requires no special skills.  There are plenty of people out there who are concerned about bitcoin theft but don't want to go full-blown Beautiful Mind, and this is probably a decent compromise.
Security isn't an all-or-nothing thing.  Unless you happen to be infected with some very specific malware at the time you generate your public key, this is pretty secure.  I think you're underestimating how bad 'no security' is.   
  
@_date: 2014-03-17 07:51:30
If nobody in private industry thinks funding something is a good idea, I'm not convinced the government knows better.  
@_date: 2014-03-18 00:18:25
People who live in (publically, embarassingly) wrong houses shouldn't throw stones.  
@_date: 2014-02-26 18:44:12
Nah, he's gone missing with four hundred million dollars.  You don't get slack.  
@_date: 2014-03-15 11:30:16
Eh, it's not proof of long-term viability, yet, but it's certainly a good sign.  
@_date: 2014-02-26 08:34:36
Not knowing the details yet is itself evidence that a crime was committed.  If four hundred million fucking dollars in your care suddenly becomes unavailable and you aren't stealing them, you sure as fuck tell your investors why immediately and clearly, as well as a firm (immediate) date for when they can have their money back.  .  
Mt. Gox has been increasingly unreliable for months, and there has been zero communication.  
@_date: 2014-03-11 09:14:21
I'd be more likely to donate BTC from an ease-of-use perspective, at least.  Paypal is sort of a mess, useability-wise.  BTC is a lot more painless if you just want to get money from point A to point B.  
That said, even if the Bitcoin community in general cares about wikipedia, I don't know if it's big enough to make a significant dent in their overall contributions.  
@_date: 2014-04-06 06:57:41
I'd be very surprised, at least in the near term.  For Bitcoin to build up real, sustainable value, it needs to first crash to the point that nobody wants to speculate on it, allowing it to be actually adopted as a currency.  
EDIT: Well, what do you want?  It's true.  It's much harder to adopt Bitcoin while its value is still hurtling up and down due to rampant, incompetent speculation.  It needs to crash to the point that all the day-traders go back to penny stocks or wishing wells or whatever they did before.  then, when it's been stable for several months, it'll become much more practical for people to use Bitcoin as, you know, an actual a medium of exchange.  