@_author: johnsonjoeb
@_date: 2017-12-11 10:09:50
No. Demand is dictating bitcoins price. Nothing has value unless people say it does. The exchanges are simply a way to evaluate that demand on a mass scale. People demand something better than the dollar and other fiat currencies. Bitcoin answers that demand. Fiat kills itself the more manipulators use it to stack the deck in their favor. The only way for fiat to win is for the greedy and wealthy to give it away but that's not going to happen. Greed created the viability of bitcoin.  Greed sustains it.
@_date: 2017-12-17 11:57:29
I think FOMO plays a huge part  in this AND exposes flaws in bitcoin specifically. The inability to move bitcoin fast scares a lot of people. If ether starts moving and I have to wait an hour before I can catch a rally because I'm transferring to an exchange by then I've lost gains. What happens if bitcoin drops?  How will I get out? Those who HODL get it and know that we need to go offline for safety. We're in this for the long haul and use the exchanges as intended for investment purchases. It's the speculators that covet the ability to take out their second mortgage coins as soon as the market dips. I'm happy most exchanges have a withdrawal limit now that will prevent a "run on the bank" because those dips will be offset by buyers who believe in the blockchain and will bring it back up.  As long as the blockchain is stable, I don't see this ending anytime soon for people who HODL.
@_date: 2017-12-11 09:12:37
You don't have to trade coins on exchanges. That's a choice. That choice doesn't make crypto centralized. You can still do direct deals wallet to wallet without them. I get what your saying and a lot of money is being made by handlers but the only way crypto would be centralized would be if exchanges were the sole  means of trading coin with others.  They're not.
@_date: 2017-12-06 22:18:37
Bitpay or a variety of other exchange wallets with a credit convert BTC to fiat on the fly wherever VISA is accepted.
@_date: 2017-11-21 21:12:52
Gold is not a disruptive technology. Cars changed how we live. Planes changed how we travel. The phone changed how we communicate. The internet changed how we share information.  Do you think these innovations just stopped?  I never said cryptocurrency will save us. I said it changes the landscape dramatically and arrogantly thinking the dollar and America are too big to fail is nonsensical.  We can fail. We will fail. We ARE failing. Bitcoin can't stop that but it can be the base of something new.
@_date: 2017-11-21 16:28:05
I'm looking at world events and trends. I dont understand how to be more rational than that. This isn't supposition when you look at the facts. China is investing heavily in bitcoin. Russia is also. These aren't DIY crypto hobbyists. These are world superpowers. America is on the decline internationally due to its isolationist policies. Climate change is forcing mass migrations that will tax countries further. We're already seeing this happen in Florida with the Puerto Rican disaster. The rich are not moving their money back to America where it can be taxed and reinvested in the economy. Education is on the decline. That means two things. 1. A less educated populace has fewer chances for class mobility and 2. There is less money flowing through the system. It's a recipe for slavery, not a superpower. I'm not saying anyone should go all in on bitcoin. I'm saying it and other cryptocurrencies are better investments than the dollar.  If you're just looking at money and disregarding world events I can see you skepticism however financial markets don't operate in bubbles. Look at what is happening in Zimbabwe, Catalonia, and Venezuela. There's a serious shift occurring in volatile regions of the world. The US is not immune. It will take time but it's happening. Even Rome fell and the conditions were very similar to how they are now.  Invasions by barbarian tribes (domestic and foreign terrorism), economic troubles due to oooressive taxation and inflation targeting the poor and overreliance in slave labor (GOP tax plan), rise of the eastern empire (China), overexpansion and military spending (over half our budget), and government corruption and political instability (Trump), mass migration (climate change), and Christianity diverting from traditional values (rise of the "religious" right and anti-intellectual sentiments.)  So yeah, I sound like a conspiracy theorist...if you don't study history.
@_date: 2017-11-10 02:24:08
Wouldn't be America if it did.
@_date: 2017-11-09 19:47:23
30 IF TARGET DEAD THEN END
@_date: 2017-11-21 14:57:59
It isn't true at all...for now. That's why I mentioned this process will happen gradually. Barring some MAJOR financial disaster this shift will happen over time. US purchasing power is only as strong as the dollar. Domestically it doesn't matter how much money the rich have if they aren't spending it. The middle class and poor are already using their income for healthcare, education, and the rising cost of necessary goods. Wage stagnation reduces the power of the dollar. This decline has happened since the 80s. In their greed and isolation, the American rich have created a society where the dollar is rapidly turning into a shit currency only useful for transferring debt and not an indicator of productivity or growth. Instead we rely more and more on consumers OUTSIDE our country to purchase from us.  This is why bitcoin is so valuable as trading is built into it. It is both a wealth holder and means of economic mobility. If it did not move, it would be worthless, unlike the stagnant American dollar. Crypto enables individuals to gradually transition into other markets as needed. The only thing holding it back at this point is widespread adoption which is being rectified via debit cards, ATMs, and diversified savings portfolios. The easier it is to get off the "dollar grid" the weaker the dollar becomes. This void will gradually be filled by other currencies including crypto.  The government will print more and more to make up the difference to no avail. This is why I say war is the only option to save the status quo. There's a reason why we have military bases all over the world and it isn't to protect us so from terror. The American dollar is only as strong as the people we can intimidate into using it. Even still you can't FORCE the whole world to use your currency if it goes to shit. As the reputation of America declines, so does the dollar. The Chinese Yuan will most likely be the international currency of choice in the next 50 years. With them investing heavily in crypto the will dominate the exchanges (as most bitcoin will be mined) and they will be pocketing the transaction fees. Tariffs on American goods will be high due to botched agreements like the TPP and the Paris Climate Accord. You dollar in shrinking right now while bitcoin is exploding. It's just a matter of time. Bitcoin will just be a laundering tool converting dollars to other currencies.
@_date: 2017-11-21 18:39:08
I'm sorry. Cryptocurrency was around 40 years ago? Do you have any idea what a disruptive technology is?
@_date: 2017-11-21 13:01:49
That's why a transition has to be gradual to be effective. Your observation fails to consider the fact that the American dollar isn't too big to fail since there are other currencies that are just as stable. The failure of the dollar might be shitty for AMERICA but something will take its place. This is what makes bitcoin so appealing as a reserve currency that transcends borders and also why the banking system is afraid. This is also the reason. China and Russia are both investing in bitcoin. There's a strong potential to weaponize it economically. Enter Trump. Enough instability in the US, isolationism, xenophobia, and loss of credibility internationally means a weaker dollar. People divest their holdings in USD and flock to BTC like  citizens of other countries like Zimbabwe and Venezuela are doing. I anticipate that Russia, China, and Japan will siphon off USD via bitcoin and will become the best HODLRs ever. Whoever has the most will have America by the balls eventually.  This is the decline of the American empire. The only way out of this death spiral is war with two nuclear superpowers.  Not gonna happen.
@_date: 2018-03-07 02:59:16
Except you can go to Vegas and "invest" your life savings on a game of blackjack and lose everything and the government won't say shit to you or stop you from doing it.
@_date: 2018-02-14 11:47:00
@_date: 2017-10-21 03:00:49
Mine alts and HODL?