@_author: johntschmitz
@_date: 2017-08-26 19:09:18
Eileen Ormsby is a respected writer &amp; well-known journalist. She's a public figure, whose reddit moniker "OzFreelancer" is perhaps even more recognizable than her own name. She covered Silk Road at length and I would dare say that she is an authority on the subject.
In fact ... she wrote a book about it. That book.
I ended up in this thread by following one of Eileen's links. I couldn't stop reading. Is this what it's like when we're talking about bitcoins? I've never hung out with the BTC crowd. Are you all like this? Narrow-minded, autistic reactionaries?
@_date: 2017-08-26 18:51:54
No. They didn't. Ever. Not even a little. Child pornography was strictly forbidden on Silk Road, along with any items designed to cause harm or defraud.
Whether listings for small arms should be allowed or not was a matter of debate; DPR supported it, so a separate site (The Armory) was established specifically for those listings. After a while, though, The Armory was shuttered. It turns out that no one really buys guns on DNMs. Nobody even asks about them.
Silk Road did not allow the sale of WMDs, poisons, slaves, stolen/hacked accounts, or hitmen. If you find someone offering their services as a hitman on the Dark Web, it won't be on any of the recognized DNMs (none left, really), nor would it have been on Silk Road. It's a scam, anyway. They will take your money ... but they won't kill anyone. It's not a thing. It doesn't happen. It doesn't exist. You might as well spend your time answering emails from Nigerian princes and wiring money overseas.
And no child porn. Not on Silk Road, nor on any other DarkNetMarket, past or present. Child porn and those who deal in it are universally vilified &amp; shunned by the DNM community. You won't find one person who would have anything to do with it.
Is there child pornography on the Dark Net? Yes. There are specific sites that specialize in it—it's all they do—because no one anywhere else will allow it or abide it in any way.
And since none of you in this thread seem to know the first thing about the Deep Web, the Dark Net, DarkNetMarkets, or even elementary-level civics, let me be clear: A hidden service that hosts child pornography is not a DarkNetMarket (DNM); it is a "pedo site."
The Deep Web is not indexed by search engines. Most of it is benign. Think ugly web pages and lots of computer code. Part of the Deep Web is referred to as the Dark Net. It's a very boring place, but serves its purposes. It only has a few:
1. DarkNetMarkets. Silk Road comes to mind. You can (could) buy drugs with cryptocurrency such as bitcoin. This is what everyone comes for. It's friendly and not really a scary place. Infrequent scams, lots of happy customers. Lately lots of law enforcement, scams, arrests, etc. The DNM scene should be in vacation mode or on a permanent hiatus, but that's neither here nor there. NO CHILD PORN.
2. Pedo sites. FINALLY. This is where the child porn goes. And the pedophiles. Those are the only two things that you will find on a pedo site. (And undercover LEO, which is great, because even Ross Ulbricht likes to see child molesters busted &amp; put behind bars.) Pedo sites are not Silk Road; they are not DarkNetMarkets.
3. Sites &amp; boards having to do with gore, fetishes, and all things legal-but-lame. For kooks ... but often frequented by curious tourists who are trying to find all the hitmen and SCUD missiles that they heard about in _NewsWeek_. They end up here because they don't know what they're looking for or what the hell they're doing. Actual denizens of the Dark Net are there for a specific reason—they know where they are going and what they're going to do when they get there. If all the tourists leave with is a queasy stomach from watching "Faces of Death" clips, then they got off easy ... because the last destination, the LARGEST destination, is....
4. SCAMMER ALLEY! (Not a real place. Never mind. It probably is. Go bananas.) Here you have wikis, phishing links, site clones, malware, bots.... The DNM crowd doesn't feel much better about scammers than they do about pedos. There is some overlap, but not a lot. Legit DNM users don't have any use for scammers and they aren't affected by them. Scammers prey on tourists and the uninitiated—the idiot kids who heard about a web site with drugs from their friend's cousin. It's a blessing really. They should've stayed home and hopefully they won't come back.
So ... where did Silk Road keep the child porn? They didn't. The pedo sites have it all. TOTALLY DIFFERENT.
Incidentally, shouldn't life sentences be given to those predators who kidnap, rape, torture, and even kill children &amp; babies? Ross got 2 life sentences, while Matthew David Graham (Lux, the admin of pedo site Hurt2theCore) got what ... 15 years? He's 23 now, so he'll be leaving prison in the prime of his life. And he will do what he did again &amp; again. People like him cannot be cured or re-habilitated. He should have recieved a life sentence ... or better yet, they should have dragged him out back and strung him up in the nearest tree.
Ross was a nice, intelligent kid. An idealist &amp; naive, perhaps. For a kid his age, his lack of foresight &amp; levels of complacency were about right. A certain amount of gullibility was working against him, to be sure. He liked pot &amp; psychedelics &amp; a good party. Wouldn't wear a shirt, though. A reader, a dreamer, and a computer screener. He was no kingpin criminal mastermind. He was a marshmallow. Well ... an Eagle Scout, anyway.
Seriously. He was.
He was fed to the wolves by an actual arch villain—the same one who is still steering the boat to this day.
But Ross didn't sell child porn, you goddamned dunce.