@_author: john_lithgow1748
@_date: 2017-12-12 19:29:40
you not knowing that answer is a big part of the problem.
As of Aug 1st all BCT owners own BCH.
ethereum/monero/litecoin are all competing products
@_date: 2017-12-12 19:42:26
larger block size solves the problem we are having right now, while i encourage R&amp;D projects to find better solutions which we will need down the road, you cant cripple BTC while that's done.
Windows example: you just don't go from windows 95 to windows 10, every version inbetween was needed. This is the same reason lighting is 14+ months in development and we have nothing still. Bill Gates would have loved to have windows 10 reliability back in the windows 95 days, but that's not how software works. Did they sit on windows 95 for 15 years waiting? no, they released better (still not perfect) versions. And that is the ONLY reason we have the reliable windows 10 of today. Jumping to the end is not how it works. 
Lighting would be wonderful, i'm bashing the operational mentality of BTC, you don't let your product get hammered while crossing your fingers on an R&amp;D project. And even if you have committed to the ridiculous strategy, how long do you wait until you realize you've been burnt? 3 months, 6 months, 1 year? 2 years?
If you ok with value being taken out of BTC and aborted by ALTs, we have a problem. BTC investors are not friends with ETH, LTC... these are competing products. to say "there is more then enough to go around" is ignorant and speaks to your credibility. 
You have clearly joined the argument late, your points would all be very valid if it was 18 months ago when the issue was presented, this much time later with nothing being done changes the argument drastically and your points have little backing. 
time will tell... i'll stick with coins that are not self destructing while waiting for a miracle cure.
**ohh i was banned for this BTW... think for yourself!
@_date: 2017-12-12 20:36:06
you're not following, i'm not saying lightning isn't the better solution, i'm saying 12 months later we still have nothing while BTC bleeds market share. 
There is not a single BTC investor out there who would willingly give away money to an ATL. we're not talking crypto anymore, we talking basic investing. They are not complimentary, they are competing products. ETH has no intention on working along side BTC, they want  spot and would roll over BTC to get it. Charlie is only playing nice with BTC because he cant get attention any other way, but if given the opportunity to take over he would steam roll BTC in a second. I feel stupider having explained this. 
no one has ever said 20MB blocks... this is all the core augments boil down to, making shit up. you're a waste of time and out of your league. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 20:56:43
Seeing how the conversation has degraded to the notion of investors willingly giving away money, we have wasted both our time.