@_author: johndstrong
@_date: 2017-12-16 20:08:40
First purchase for me was late 2014. Just of few hundred bucks. Two or three times a year my end of month "spare change" has gone into Bitcoin, Litecoin, and Ethereum. Since April 17 I have paid more attention. Last purchase was $300 of Bitcoin when it was recently below $15,000. Don't have a strategy other than to buy a little more when I notice dips and HODL. No reason to do anything different for many years. Seems to be working.
@_date: 2017-12-16 20:55:17
I don't know. Being in the technology industry for over 35 years I pay attention. On a deep dive I am intrigued by blockchain, in fact, did a number of analysis papers for potential use in all sorts of other data integration apps. A couple of months ago I stumbled into a hashgraph talk in Chicago and was impressed by the application of old math and capacity. Sorry rambling. As my post indicates, I am already into Ethereum and Litecoin. If something else comes along that addresses the transaction processing issues before the proposed Lightning Network is working it might be adopted widely. I like the value store use case and don't need to consider Bitcoin, personally for anything else right now. All of us are part of a disruption the equivalent or greater to when printed currency replaced shiny metal.  Firstworld societies use cash, checks and debt cards, multiple credit card networks, wire transfers, etc. so I don't think this will end up being a single crypto globally at all but many addresses many uses. As I shared, I currently don't see any reason to move what I have in crypto now back to FIAT. If I were speculating or needed this for lifestyle purchases, I would not be motivated for getting into crypto.  I think this is very, very early in a huge disruption of finance and those of us into it are either paying for the learning experience or funding it and making (quite) a few shekels.
@_date: 2017-12-16 21:36:59
Sure, but at what point does the total value stored in crypto make it un-crashable, $500b, $1,000B? The New Zealand dollar is often in the top ten traded currency, the country's GDP is around $175B. Is that (GDP) something to consider when discussing crypto? Is a valuation in US dollars even a long reality? It is now but I can imagine government regulated currencies being valued on a crypto benchmark value like it once was on gold. What is "slowed down growth"? Where can I park a few bucks today and get better than CD rates without similar risk? None of these questions can be answered yet. Two points for me are: A. so far this has been just "extra money" for me that typically I would have spent on some silly discretionary purchase and 2. every time some one says "you hear about what is going on with this Bitcoin?", I say "sure, got into it a couple of years ago". They always respond "really I missed the boat". The reality is that if someone bought in at $15,000/btc they would be pleased today. There are no answers right now, lots of valid and interesting points are being shared but how are the early evangelists of crypto any different than those the predicted internet use 50 years ago. 
@_date: 2014-10-01 04:24:52
cory doctorow is smiling right now