@_author: john_chaffee
@_date: 2018-09-19 17:07:23
Yeah they never stop coming! It's funny how many of these ridiculous memes we've seen so far.


And now we're sending complex chains of numbers and letters across fiber-optic cables wired to all corners of the world. But the premise remains the same, simple trade for the basic purpose of exchange.   
@_date: 2018-09-26 18:51:47
Sounds like one hell of a journey. Glad to see that there are real people using Bitcoin out there for things as simple as paying electric bills. Once we spread more evidence like this that it is actually being used, more people will try to get things done with it. The only issue is getting governments to be more friendly. They probably will if they can tax it, like they do in a lot of countries already. The reason why most people are afraid to approach it now is precisely because governments are threatening it around the world. That and they don't know how robust it actually is.
@_date: 2018-09-21 21:34:53
It's not so much about learning about bitcoin, it's about unlearning about finance. Everything you were taught about the current economic system is just a bunch of lies and trickery to siphon off money from you, so the sooner you let go of that, the easier it'll be to understand bitcoin...
Money is just another scheme in the understanding of what banks have to do with our lives. Erase the bank from the picture and it will make much more sense. Simple exchange from one to the other--peer to peer. That's the basic premise of what money should be in the first place
@_date: 2018-09-22 20:38:29
Yeah there's actually a few of them popping up recently around Turkey from what I've heard. There's a pretty big market for it with the recent downturn of the Lira, and people over there like to go into places to buy things rather than over the internet, so I guess there's a pretty big market for it. Lot's of people are interested in trading altcoins as well. 
I've yet to see a storefront that can offer good prices though. Most of them charge 8-10%, which is a bit obscene if you ask me. You can find better cash deals off P2P exchanges. 
@_date: 2018-09-13 19:40:51
That's pretty cool to give the guys at Barclays. You'd think that they were just a bunch of stiffs in suits based on the news we hear all the time but I'm sure they're pretty interesting. Especially if they took the prerogative to pay you in Bitcoin and even printed it 3D. Shows that they're keeping up with the times. Well, the IT department at least. Maybe not the rest of the bank, I'm sure they are still sending wire transfers and printing on cardstock. Poor fellas. 
You probably could've asked for a fee, I'm sure they wouldn't mind paying you for that. It's in their budget.
@_date: 2018-09-28 15:55:10
Definitely, I wouldn't be keeping any money on an exchange in India right now the way their government is threatening crypto. Get it off of there and onto cold storage immediately. You never know when they might announce a total seizure of all assets or just shut down all exchanges. Although if they did shut down all of the exchanges, the exchanges might try to move your coins elsewhere to protect you, but I wouldn't count on it...
While trading has died down, localbitcoins still seems alive and well. This recent move by the government has only succeeded in moving everyone to P2P, which is for the better. How the government will handle those transactions is a question we are waiting to see
@_date: 2018-09-25 06:14:40
How do you pay utility bills on there? I haven't used it before but from what I see, it's an exchange. Can you send it out to other accounts? Through Lightening? 
We need more global sites that can accept payment from all corners of the world, and wire it to all corners as well. It would be great if you could load up your account from a bank in Swaziland and then pay your bills in Nepal. Or at least Thailand to New Zealand.
@_date: 2018-09-29 19:22:06
That's what the focus is. It's not an educational system anymore, it's a testing system. The reason why it became this way is because it is the easiest way to provide mass education, keep narrowing the hoops that people have to jump through, and do it in an affordable way. If the bar keeps raising like this, the rich can prolong their stay at the top and the poor are too busy scrambling to make ends meet. 
But being poor is also a mindset. Sometimes it seems easier to play the victim and act like the whole system is warped and nothing can be done about it. It can be overcome, it just needs you to persevere long enough.