@_author: johnvandyke2
@_date: 2018-03-30 12:51:55
Your mind is about to get blown my friend!
@_date: 2018-03-30 12:32:53
[Perhaps, but consistent](
The sad thing is that before you guys turned bitcoins into something totally useless by making it into a financial bubble it actually could have had merit if it remained at a stable price.
Now after its public debut as a get-rich-quick-scheme and source of their financial loss, it will never again be considered seriously for adoption.
@_date: 2018-03-30 12:59:26
I'm not your guy buddy
@_date: 2018-03-30 12:58:56


But that's my point -- it will never be adopted if it isn't stable, and it will never become stable because of continued price speculation.  Any technological advantages to it can easily be assimilated into a government backed crypto-currency with federal reserve and SEC oversight (which I know is a fate worse than death to bitcoin enthusiasts but will actually allow the currency to be used without financial predators destroying mom-n-pop investors indiscriminately on it)
@_date: 2018-03-30 12:44:58
You are totally missing the point my friend.
The very fact that you are treating bitcoins like a get-rich-quick-scheme, by telling me to look at the price history and consider it a good idea to throw money at bitcoins because you believe that the price will go back up, which is telling me to speculate/invest in bitcoins for quick price appreciation, is what invalidates the bitcoin itself as a currency.
A currency requires a stable valuation.  I will explain using an example.
Suppose that you wanted to obtain a mortgage from a bank in bitcoins, a thirty year mortgage for a house.  
If the bank were to lend you 30 bitcoins to buy this house today, they would need some sort of expectation to receive back roughly the same value plus interest 30 years in the future.  For this to be the case, the underlying currency, bitcoins, would have to maintain basically the same value it has today 30 years in the future.  
For the currency to have any utility as a currency, it needs to be useable.  Price spikes and declines invalidate its utility.
When people stop treating it like a speculation to get rich and the value stops moving almost entirely (read:  when the thing is totally dead as an investment prospect) then and only then will it have any actual value again.
@_date: 2018-03-30 13:11:54


why would bitcoin adoption grow if the currency is not stable?  You're expecting something that has no value to magically appeal to people in terms of value.  For it to be adopted it has to have value, and for it to have value it has to remain stable.  If adoption means massive speculative price appreciation and decline, then adoption is not viable. 
Furthermore, its price has not increased whatsoever due to adoption for this very reason, its only the speculation on behalf of institutional investors which moves the price of bitcoins.  [During 2017 there was a decline in bitcoin usage among leading e-commerce vendors]( during the speculative bitcoin bubble frenzy.
There is no actual value to the thing and its technological is easily duplicated and applied in any other number of currencies which give it limitless supply and only speculative demand.  5 years from now the price won't even be $80, it'll just be a sheepish memory that people had about making a careless investment.
@_date: 2018-03-30 12:34:29
[Because I actually cared about bitcoins before you monkeys turned it into a sideshow.](
@_date: 2018-03-30 12:46:09
Then it has no utility as a currency because it cannot be used for contracts which means it has no value to underpin an economy
@_date: 2018-03-30 12:48:59
That is such a rich and hilarious thing to hear considering all I ever see from people who still believe in bitcoins is conspiracy theories about fiat money and Rothschilds
@_date: 2018-03-30 11:48:12
And quite likely, my peers on wall street (professional hedge fund investors) are making a killing off of short bitcoin to its death and fleecing the people silly enough to have any left. (Amateur investors with no market experience).
The vast majority of bitcoin price appreciation was a result of institutional investor manipulation in an unregulated market.  Something with only $200 billion market cap can easily be manipulated by a consortium of $4 trillion dollars of hedge fund assets.  And so they did and profited on the way up.
But then the CBE introduced the ability to trade paper shorting derivatives which could be bought and sold without trading physical bitcoins, and the hedge funds could simultaneously short it while pulling out their funds and causing the price to decline to their profit, thus allowing them to up their margin even further on their shorts and continue to slowly withdraw funds to continue to make massive profits to bitcoins decline.
The rub of it?  It's all legal.  And it's continuing to this day, the slow bleed of all of your money invested in this nonsense.  Because you very silly monkeys decided to throw your money away into a speculation on an entirely unregulated financial product.
Edit:  For the downvoters/doubters, [look at the chart of bitcoin prices, the peak was on December 16th 2017]( and [futures trading (the ability to profit off it's decline) began on December 10th](
Mark my words when this scandal comes out in a year or two nobody will be arrested for it (because it wasn't illegal) and everything you've invested in bitcoins should rather have been invested in beanie babies
@_date: 2018-12-09 00:19:32
Oh sorry, I misunderstood your position: which is, modern society will break down, 85% of people will die, all our currency will become worthless, and then bitcoins = profit?
Yeah that's totally nothing like what I said originally 
Also you're right about lotto tickets -- you actually have a chance of winning something with lotto tickets
@_date: 2018-12-08 13:14:43
So... For you to do well, the rest of society needs to collapse?
This is why Bitcoin investors confuse me.  It's such a long shot -- and if the 99.999% likely thing happens, which is society continuing as normal and not changing their currencies to a speculative commodity with huge price oscillations, thus bitcoins never achieving any degree of saturation or adoption, your investment becomes worthless.
Also I like how in your scenario, society will break down but somehow the electrical grid and the internet will persist?
You're better off spending that money each week on lotto tickets.