@_author: joi_ito
@_date: 2016-04-04 20:57:32
My original idea when we started was to make a fund that would fund developers to be "hosted" at any university. I still think that might be a better idea, but we couldn't get it sorted out in time.
Having said that, the new Bitcoin Core Sponsorship Programme (  ) looks hopeful.
@_date: 2016-04-04 20:54:53
Actually, those are mostly consortium funders of the Media Lab. The funders and the account for the bitcoin developers are separate from the Media Lab consortium funders although some fund both.
@_date: 2016-02-23 11:30:46
Actually... Decided to work on a broader post disclosing things going on at the Digital Currency Initiative as well so will take a bit longer than a week but will be a most comprehensive post(s). But will post something very soon.
@_date: 2016-02-22 20:39:07
@_date: 2016-02-22 20:52:19
Heh. You're right. Fixing.
@_date: 2016-02-23 04:46:23
I will soon. Promise. &lt; 1 week.
@_date: 2016-02-23 01:56:46
FWIW, I agree. 
@_date: 2016-02-23 11:47:17
I'm a bit late here, but the quote was out of context. The whole talk I was giving was about how screwed up regulators can make things for the people who try to use the software. I realize that many if not most people who write software don't care about regulation and I obviously realize you can't regulate code, my point was that as someone who cares about the adoption of bitcoin, I think it's important to "listen" not "obey" to regulators so we understand what they are saying. We can try to prevent them from making stupid regulations or overturn them. (EFF, EPIC, Creative Commons, etc.) I don't write code (well), but a lot of my life is dedicating to protecting the Internet and other open systems from bad regulation. The people writing code don't HAVE to listen, but it makes my job easier of we can have a conversation about what they're saying and what we do or say in response.
One point I made in the talk was that I was against Anti-Money Laundering Laws because moving assets or having assets itself isn't a "crime" but by making it a crime in order to try to prevent other crimes, we were impinging on freedoms that are critical in, for instance, regimes where people need to organize against government. I compared it to the anti-circumvention part of the DMCA that prevents people from circumventing DRM even if doing so doesn't break copyright law.
Also, FWIW, the most important thing is to educate the subset of regulators who understand the technology and want to avoid big mistakes. This was an essential part of getting the Internet right. In some countries it's still not right and mobile Internet is an example of when we lost several key layers of the open web.
@_date: 2016-02-23 02:08:54
The "We must listen to regulators" quote that Primavera tweeted out from my talk at the Sidney Blockchain conference was unfortunately picked up pretty out of context. I was talking about how it would suck for Bitcoin to end up in a regulatory mess and my view what that you needed to listen to what the regulators were saying and understand what they were trying to do in order to deal with it preemptively and try to prevent them from making bad decisions. You can disagree about the method, but my motive is to try to keep the system from getting messed up by the regulators. Not to "listen to them" as in do what they're telling you to do. We all know that regulators can't regulate a software project, but they CAN regulate the people who use it.
While some will argue that they don't care what the regulators do, as someone who'd like to see Bitcoin adopted broadly and not in just a subculture, I do care what the regulators do so I listen to them and I talk to them, but I tell them what I think they should do.
@_date: 2016-02-23 12:14:22
For example, one point that I made in the talk was that I was against Anti-Money Laundering Laws because moving assets or having assets itself isn't a "crime" but by making it a crime in order to try to prevent other crimes, we were impinging on freedoms that are critical in, for instance, regimes where people need to organize against a bad government. While it might make sense to US authorities, code and laws in the US have repercussions across the world if we are using a global network and standard of technology, which Bitcoin is.
I compared it to the anti-circumvention part of the DMCA that prevents people from circumventing DRM even if doing so doesn't break copyright law.
@_date: 2016-02-23 01:31:34
Yes. I'm the co-founder of and on the board of Digital Garage. I own &lt; 1% (a non-controlling interest) and they are a public company so I can't tell them what to do. I've recused myself in any decision that has to do with bitcoin or the blockchain. They invested in Blockstream independently. I currently have no financial interest in any Bitcoin or Blockchain related company. I'm writing a blogpost about transparency soon....