@_author: joiningthediscussion
@_date: 2018-01-23 15:56:07
The reason your scenario is not realistic as I understand it, is that no one will know what the route will be. The routing is encrypted so that each node will only know the previous hop and the next and the amount. So there would be no way to appeal down the route. So there's no difference at all between this scenario and a simple private key theft because you won't know the path your transaction takes through the lightning network...
@_date: 2018-01-23 19:25:56
My point is that you can't anticipate the routes beyond the one your transaction leaves through. So reaching beyond the next hop, as in your example above, is not possible.
I agree that the route does not matter. The basic situation is that it's the same as a hot wallet, and the security requirements and the vulnerabilities are, at the moment, the same.
@_date: 2018-01-23 17:54:58
I see what you're saying now. 
As I understand it, opening and closing channels won't happen that often. It's in your interest as a consumer not to go to the ATM to take out money every time you want to buy a snack, because you pay fees to take out your money. So you scale your transfer from your bank account to your spending money at a level that makes sense. 
Ideally, LN will find an equilibrium by balancing faith in the LN security model against the mempool usage on the main chain.
I guess we'll see what unfolds...
@_date: 2018-01-08 19:48:28
Thanks, I'll check it out!
@_date: 2018-01-23 16:23:34
You are exactly right. There's no way right now for this tech to work for the masses. As is expected. Those using lightning on mainnet right now are basically playing with fire. 
Having said that, was your grandmother sending email in 1993? These technologies will take time to mature. In the mean time, it might be good to be in on the ground floor. 
LN funds are equivalent to a hot wallet. If someone gets your keys they can spend your funds. So you don't put your saving funds there, you put your spending funds there.
Bottom line is that your objection is perfectly valid assuming that all development stopped now. While Reddit gets frothy, the developers keep developing. Let's give them time to do the job right.
Until the tech has matured it is going to be risky to participate. Only a crazy person would put actual funds into lightning on mainnet right now. It's way too early.
BRB I gotta go finish my lightning node so I can help increase the bug bounty on mainnet...
@_date: 2018-01-23 17:43:57
Just like running a full node and participating in consensus, the software will rise to the required levels of security over time. There are a least 3 different Lightning implementations, all of them fully compatible with each other. None of them are currently comfortable with running LN off the testnet yet, but some swarthy and brave (aka foolish) individuals are already running LN on mainnet with about 2.4 real BTC at stake as I type this. 
So thank the early crazies who are staking real BTC on the live network and risking the early bugs.
Even more, thank the developers who have gotten this far this soon. There is still a long way to go to get the whole thing secure and easily usable, but so far so good on the overall network security. 
Ultimately, the vision is that a secure enough network will exist that wallets will implement lightning channels, as running a lightning node is not that resource intensive, so a mobile implementation is completely reasonable. So your lightning wallet will open multiple channels into the LN on your behalf, both to ensure good routes for your transactions, as well as possibly being a link in routing other's transactions.
Bottom line, eventually LN will be a part of most users' regular participation in using BTC if things go according to the current vision and plan.
@_date: 2018-01-08 16:29:25
I understand the positive role inflation plays in economics, I just think that we're at the limits of the assumptions underlying the current financial system. We've painted ourselves into a corner and I don't think anyone has any idea about how to get us out without financial catastrophe. What do we do when the next bank bailout has to happen. Do you think we've changed anything at all about what led us there? Did the bailout in the US do anything but forestall the impending disaster? 
And that doesn't even account for the huge population worldwide that is denied access to the system by default.
I believe inflation is a necessary part of our economic structure because that's what the system is built to require. Our worldwide economy needs inflation because we've built it that way.
Bitcoin, in my opinion, will provide an exit for those of us who may not believe that the current system is healthy and sustainable.
@_date: 2018-01-08 15:51:32
If the transaction isn't urgent, I've waited for the weekend when the mempool settles somewhat and used 100sat/b and had my transactions on the blockchain within a few hours. You just need to pay attention to the mempool and be patient. It's been said a lot, but I'll say it again. This is early 90's email level tech, people. To use it effectively currently requires too much technical ability for the average user. Bitcoin will mature, but it will take time. I use  to watch teh trends.
@_date: 2018-01-23 17:30:35
LN takes the individual transactions off chain. There is one mempool transaction to open a channel, and a second one to close it. In between, you have a routed transaction network, using the same security model as the main bitcoin chain, but only summaries are actually posted to the main blockchain. This improves privacy, and enables internet communication speed transactions for a minute trasaction fee. 
LN makes instantaneous micropayments a realistic feature due to the fact that the mempool is not involved until the channel is settled. Until then, you can transact 1, 10, 100, 1000 or more times without affecting the mempool.
See  for a good explanation of how LN works.
@_date: 2018-01-08 17:23:12
Well, there's certainly propaganda to spare in this whole issue. And I'll be the first to admit I don't understand most fo our financial system. 
But why the narrative I espouse makes sense to me is I see how it fits into the rest of the picture. The dwindling middle class in the US, of which I am a member. The widening gap between those in poverty and those with wealth. The continuing struggle against a system increasingly stacked against most of the world.
Another comment was made that we should all be moving out fiat into appreciating assets. I completely agree, but that's entirely unrealistic for the vast majority of the population of the earth. To use that as the simple solution to the inflation that erodes the value of fiat ignores the fact that it's not an option for most of the people in the world. The national debt is just one piece of a bigger puzzle.
I have a lot more to learn, but with all due respect, it sure feels like the propaganda is coming from the establishment in just the form your previous comment takes. 
@_date: 2018-01-08 16:03:47
That's an interesting point, and I'll look deeper into that, but it's also kind of the point I was making. All countries are in debt to each other, therefore all are trying to inflate the economy to reduce that effective level of debt in relation to the other nations. The US devalues its debt, and other countries devalue theirs to keep up or gain a fresh edge. The cycle repeats and now we're at the bottom of the interest rate range. So what do we do now to maintain the structure that provides the stability?
@_date: 2018-01-08 19:31:11
I totally agree on all your points about how we got here. I'm also not surprised if I misunderstand the national debt issue. I'll do more research. Thanks for the discussion!
@_date: 2018-01-23 18:41:03
Agreed. My counterpoint is simply that the network will provide incentives that will not make the standard ATM behavior make sense. The patterns will develop differently.
@_date: 2018-01-08 15:40:38
Unfortunately, whether anyone wants the fiat system to fail is irrelevant. Bitcoin is a response to the impending failure of the system that is collapsing under its own weight, just read the text embedded in the genesis block. 
Take a look at  and tell me how we sustain that. Inflation slowly bleeds our wealth away and it's built into this system. As commented by u/wildsidewalking below, stability is a great asset of the system, but we've bottomed it out. And not just in the US, but worldwide. 
Fiat systems are manipulated with inflation and interest rates to minimize the massive governmental debt in a race to devalue the dollar to minimize that massive debt. The problem is there's no more room at the bottom, and we're already at zero or negative interest. 
So where do we go from here? How do the powers that be, that are exactly described in the chairman's remarks, continue to turn the knob that's already at zero? We're headed for failure whether anyone wants it or not. 
Bitcoin is a life preserver that needs more time to mature. It's not going to replace fiat, but it's a necessary mechanism that's outside the reach of manipulators and the elite power brokers. Assuming we don't screw it up. (Looking at you, Roger.)
@_date: 2018-03-15 06:31:40
The basic issue is twofold.
One: yes, as you mentioned, your lightning node needs access to the private key for the address of your lightning channel. 
Two: That risk is amplified due to the fact that the developers have clearly stated that they do not consider the software fully ready yet.
And a third factor to consider is that if in the course of continuing use and development a need for a breaking change arises, the whole mainnet lightning network will have to close all channels and basically start over. Historically, users of software are not good at that.
Having said all of that, your other point about risking value for the sake of providing a bug bounty is also a very good one. There's a healthy balance in there somewhere....
@_date: 2018-03-04 17:16:48
Yes, very good story. Here's the link: 
@_date: 2018-03-04 17:19:46
@_date: 2018-02-15 20:47:29
Unless those shirts cost a total of $10, the store paid a lot more than 3 cents. Processing fees alone will cost a retailer at least 2.5% plus monthly fees.  
A fee of $0.11 on pretty much any amount is a good deal. Processing time is a different issue that will be solved as lightning network becomes viable, at which point the transaction fee drops significantly. Bitcoin is still in it's infancy.
And those issues aren't the important ones in my mind. First world has serviceable banking. More important to me is how Bitcoin can bring decentralized permissionless financial services to those denied access to reasonable banking worldwide.
@_date: 2018-02-15 21:27:01
Since I don't speak the language, I can't be sure what I'm seeing. So I can't speak to your context, but in the US, even a large retailer would pay about 2% per transaction. So all I'm saying is what's good about OP's transaction is that whether he sent $1 worth of Bitcoin or $10,000 worth of bitcoin, the transaction fee would be the same. That's good in my opinion. 
As for those areas, it may be impractical or impossible right now. That doesn't mean we should continue to consign them to a financial purgatory with no way out. Maybe it will take giving them a way out for them to be ready to make that kind of move. Providing a path to freedom for those not free is worth it even if many of them choose not to take it.
To answer your bottom line question from your initial post: Bitcoin is still maturing. It's rough now, but the tech holds promise for the future. If you choose not to participate, that's your prerogative. You're saying the same things about bitcoin that people said about the Internet in the early 90's. Maybe I'm wrong, but I believe that Bitcoin will transform money the way that the Internet has transformed communications. Time will tell.
Edited because I worded bad.
@_date: 2018-02-22 12:53:31
It sounds as if OP has malware that may have tried to access the wallet. I'd advise loading a wallet on another system and moving those funds to a new address until the device can be verified clean. Preferably before the timeout occurs. 
If it relocks again after the timeout (assuming there's no successful guess of the PIN), I'd say it's very likely that's what is happening.
Definitely do not enter the PIN on that device until those funds have been moved.
Good luck OP!
@_date: 2018-02-17 13:08:52
It sounds like you simply ran out of disk space. 
You need to make sure the disk is big enough in the first place. The full blockchain needs about 165GB right now. You may be close to syncing or you may have a long way yet to go. 
Check the size of the folder. If it's near 165GB, then you only need to free the difference to let it finish the job. 
Some ways to free additional space (making the bold assumption that you're running Windows...) -- 
Good luck!
@_date: 2018-03-04 17:19:26
Yep. That's the one.
@_date: 2018-02-17 18:34:03
That's an excellent point. It's one of the balancing factors.
@_date: 2018-02-19 15:41:19
nailed it. I would simply add that scaling is an incredibly important issue as adoption of Bitcoin continues. SegWit is first and foremost a fix for Bitcoin, that brings a number of interesting features with it. As usual, Andreas explains it very well here: 
@_date: 2018-02-10 17:05:49
This is one of the fundamentally broken things in modern finance, in my opinion. When you put your money in a bank, it's no longer your money. It shows on their balance sheet and they use it as basis for fractional lending. And then charge you money for it. Definitely move to a Credit Union ASAP. And I completely agree with Tell them why and spread the word that this bank decides how your can spend your money. This is exactly why we need Bitcoin. When practices like this become"normal," we've lost all our leverage as individuals. And we're the financial elite even having banking worldwide. Bitcoin's real power is in granting these services to the whole world in a fair equitable way so that the individual is in control of (and carries the responsibility for) their own assets.
Sorry, got a little ranty there...
@_date: 2018-02-07 12:59:49
It's your bank account and your trading partner's bank account. You pay direct, party to party. Bisq is not involved in that transfer, just connecting the two of you and enabling the trustless exchange. So from the perspective of the bank, there's nothing to tell them you're not buying her boat, or paying for him to groom your dog, or whatever. You're still legally responsible to report for tax purposes, but the decentralized nature of bisq means that your privacy is left interact because the bank isn't going to be reporting the nature of the transaction, and there is no KYC/AML gateway for the taxing authority to go after. (AML would still flag a transfer &gt; $10,000 in the US as I understand it)
(Edited to add the part about trustless exchange)
@_date: 2018-02-22 00:58:31
I wish I could attribute this quote, but I don't remember where I heard it: "You don't understand Bitcoin because you think money is real."
It feels like it fits your confusion well.
@_date: 2018-02-18 12:49:39
I have used both cointracking.info and bitcoin.tax. I agree with that cointracking.info is difficult to get right. After playing with both I ended up paying for bitcoin.tax. I'd recommend you try it out and see if it's any easier for you.
@_date: 2018-03-05 02:53:47
I believe that you may be underestimating what it will actually take to handle the number of transactions that will be needed. Watch this from about 11:00 minutes forward: 
@_date: 2018-02-05 00:56:47
It does not handle any funds at all. It coordinates direct, trustless exchange between parties seeking to trade the same currency pair. And being decentralized, it's just the protocol itself that handles the transaction coordination. So no center point for any authority to beat down on.
@_date: 2018-02-10 22:30:48
@_date: 2018-02-09 13:25:03
I'd recommend the book 'Mastering Bitcoin' by Andreas Antonopolis. You can read a digital copy for free, but having the book in hand would help me a bunch personally. The GitHub address for the book is here:  You can get a physical copy pretty much anywhere you can buy a book. It's second edition was published in July of 2017, so it should get you pretty current until you've got a handle on the basics. Good luck!
@_date: 2018-02-07 21:38:00
I'm in the US and have had great experiences with Gemini.com. I was verified in a few days and I love the way you can transfer and trade immediately and they just put a hold on your purchased Bitcoin until the ACH transfer clears. Then you can move your funds out to a private wallet.
@_date: 2018-02-19 15:55:52
You will pay the standard Bitcoin transaction fee to establish a connection to the lightning network. Once connected, your can send or receive funds there. So if you are paid on the LN, you establish it once, then can spend from LN or move part of your pay off to a standard Bitcoin address. 
I believe that once we are further down the road, the functional use will look much like a checking account (LN) and a savings account (main net). 
Many of these details, including opening LN channels, will be hidden from the average user by the wallets. Kind of like we all used to have to connect to the internet before we opened the browser, but now we're mostly connected all the time so we don't think about the getting connected part any more. If LN goes as anticipated, that part may very well basically 'go away' for most users, just as the getting connected to the internet part largely has.
@_date: 2018-02-11 01:02:29
I'll be the first to admit I don't really understand traditional finance at the level that would make me anything approaching an expert. However, "That's the way we've always done it" doesn't make it right, and even if in moderation it's functional, the practice seems to have gotten completely out of hand. I feel like we're so far down this slippery slope that there's no reasonable way back. The things we have done financially in the name of promoting the growth of the economy are frankly, horrifying me the more I understand what's actually going on.  
In the words of someone who understood it way better than I ever will:
“It is well enough that people of the nation do not understand our banking and monetary system, for if they did, I believe there would be a revolution before tomorrow morning.” ―Henry Ford
@_date: 2018-02-10 16:51:28
In the US at least, gambling winnings are taxable...
@_date: 2018-02-11 14:00:36
Could it? Yes. There are many projects, some mentioned in these comments, that have. I believe, however, that removing proof of work removes what makes Bitcoin functionally, well...  Bitcoin. 
Bitcoin's power consumption is naturally gravitating toward renewable energy, and I believe has the potential to accelerate development of renewable energy sources. 
A common misunderstanding is that bitcoin's power requirements scale with demand and use. Bitcoin right now had all the hash power it needs to be secure at any scale. Additional hash power coming online will only happen as energy costs are low, as otherwise it's not profitable. Energy costs are not low except where energy is available as excess capacity that would be wasted anyway, such as hydroelectric sources and other renewables.
As well, consider the point makes. Everyone alarmed at bitcoin's footprint fails to take into account how much of the traditional finance machine is made redundant with a technology like Bitcoin. The expense and energy consumption of a system that victimizes or excludes the poor and underprivileged, only to line the pockets of the already wealthy is worth a bit of inefficiency on the way to empowering the world.
Calling the decentralization and security provided by proof of work wasteful is to misunderstand how much of the current financial system Bitcoin has the potential to disrupt. Compare what the internet has done for communications for comparison.
 
Bottom line in my opinion: Bitcoin without proof of work is not Bitcoin. If you object, there are other projects that do not use proof of work. They also do not have the ability to stay decentralized like Bitcoin does.
Edits for words and clarity...
@_date: 2018-02-04 19:11:06
Put very simply, the combination of the proof of work and blockchain solves the byzantine general's problem by allowing every node to fact check the entire ledger independently. This is what provides the trustless, decentralized nature of Bitcoin and what differentiates it from any previous attempt at digital money.
@_date: 2018-03-16 05:41:21
I know this probably doesn't help your situation, but the miners are not taking any time off. 
There are literally 22 million million million attempts to make the next block happening every second worldwide. The math is hard and finding the magic number that makes the block valid simply never stops. 
It may seem inconvenient in the situation you find yourself in, but it's the mechanism that makes Bitcoin possible, and the only thing that makes Bitcoin worth anything. 
@_date: 2018-02-15 20:50:57
I'm just beginning to prepare to do the same kind of thing. If you don't mind, can I pick your brain and compare notes via dm?
@_date: 2018-02-04 19:02:13
The primary reason comes down to what most people are already saying here, and that's government regulation and taxation. The reason that the exchanges comply is because they are centralized companies which allows a government to knock on (or down) a door and force compliance with laws.
This is the reason that decentralization is so important. The inherent decentralization is what has allowed Bitcoin itself to escape the same treatment. There's no one in control, no point of leverage for anyone to apply pressure in any way.
You should look into  This is solid work toward building a decentralized exchange. Still in development, but showing tremendous promise. Bisq, and other projects like it, will allow trustless trade  between two parties who want to trade the same currency pair, and should achieve what your post is asking for.
@_date: 2018-02-17 13:35:57
One of the base design elements of Bitcoin is game theory. The incentives are arranged in such a way as to make the market fall into balance as the various forces blend together. 
Right now, mining is pretty profitable on a large scale, so you see massive amounts of computational power being thrown at Bitcoin. 
The block reward at the Genesis block was 50BTC, and it halves roughly every 4 years. So in 2012, the first "halvening" occurred, dropping the mining reward to 25BTC. In 2016 it dropped to it's current level of 12.5. sometime in 2020 it will drop to 6.25. So a balance will be struck. As the reward drops, I expect we will see a large amount of hash power leave the network as the profitability drops in half and some of the mining organizations will be making less money than it costs to power the equipment. As the hash power drops, the difficulty drops, and a balance will be struck. Less hash power means that the reward is distributed across fewer miners, increasing the reward per miner. It's also likely that the halvening events will drive up the price of Bitcoin as there is less being generated and therefore less new Bitcoin available to purchase.
So there are a ton of factors that maintain the equilibrium of the ecosystem. It's one of the brilliant things about how Satoshi designed Bitcoin in the first place. Having said that, one of the few factors that Satoshi seems to have not anticipated is pooled mining and the development of ASICs. If I understand correctly, Satoshi was amazed to see even the hash power possible with GPU mining in the early days. It sounds like he/she/they expected the whole system to be a spare process people would run on their personal computers and did not envision the current scenario of massive computing power that currently drives and secures the Bitcoin network.
So to quit blathering, even with the unforeseen before us such as other possible innovations in mining or a proof of work change that will inevitably be required as SHA265 becomes less able to secure the blockchain, or whatever else comes, game theory and an amazingly well thought out design of the system of Bitcoin will find equilibrium as factors change.