@_author: jollyreaper2112
@_date: 2018-01-08 23:21:24


THIS!!!!!! points up points up points up!!! I've been saying this same thing for ages! I've liked the 401k to setting a baby out in the woods with a gun and saying "If he gets et by a bear, it's his own fault for not defending himself." If the professionals have trouble getting investing right, how are we to imagine the layman won't get screwed on it? "If you lose money in your 401k, it's your fault. We've given you the tools to allocate your investments." 
I mean we all think it's awful when some con man courts the sweet old lady and fools her out of her life savings. How dare he take such advantage! But we think nothing of it when average citizens are courted by deal pushers and get boned. Should have done your homework, buddy! Don't come crying to me now that you're upside down on that mortgage when everyone told you real estate can only go up. 
We have the USDA to make sure we don't get rat turds in our burger meat. We have the FDA to make sure that our drugs don't accidentally poison us. But none of the financial regulatory agencies are allowed to do their jobs so people are still vulnerable to getting fucked over by financial predators. Predators who are paying off congress to not shut them down!!! 
@_date: 2018-01-08 23:38:07
It's libertarian posturing sort of mixed with nerd-brag. "Yes, I want an obfuscated and obtuse user interface! Don't make it easier! We don't want filthy casuals getting in on this." 
I had an argument with a libertarian about how the FDA was unnecessary and people should just do the research themselves. I asked him if he was fine with putting cyanide in baby food so long as it was labeled.  Sure, take responsibility and do the research he said. Don't come crying to me if your baby dies when it's on the label, nevermind that nobody would even imagine that was something they'd have to check for. I laughed at him and said who's even going to make them label the product in the first place absent regulation? So now we have to send every product we buy out to a lab to test for poison because kind of just assuming that companies aren't out to poison is us being lazy. 
@_date: 2018-01-08 22:59:53
Are you saying this because the real savings would represent something generated from hard assets and the debts can be money ginned up out of nothing and could be used for good or ill? Like I could borrow money and build a house (real thing) or throw it all at some Wall Street nonsense which carries a huge market value but has little real worth? Like if I threw the money at pets.com I'd have nothing to show for it but the bank loan that I have to repay. Borrowing makes it easier to inflate asset bubbles?
@_date: 2018-01-09 17:02:57
How about you provide counter examples then. Every one I know of has ended in failure. The one I provided is the biggie off the top of my head. I can also point to the auto industry where safety measures had to be added with kicking and screaming. Clean water act because industry had no self-incentive to not pollute. Every improvement we have comes with a kicking and screaming struggle to hold it back. 
@_date: 2018-01-08 21:25:00
Once all the coins in a blockchain are mined, how do miners get paid? If the rising difficulty of computation makes mining unprofitable before the coins are all gone (doesn't cover the cost of servers and electricity) what happens? No miners, no blockchain, right?
@_date: 2018-01-09 15:30:12
Regulatory capture ruins our government regulators but how about the bond rating agencies that were paid for by the industry who then were compelled to provide favorable reviews? Self regulation has never ever worked. Government regulation can work but is subject to Corruption as with everything else. 
@_date: 2018-01-08 22:55:47


Cool, thanks! 
@_date: 2018-01-08 23:32:26
It's a way of disclaiming responsibility. It's like the con man who might feel a twinge of guilt so he will dehumanize his mark, say he's a chump and asking to get robbed. The contempt helps to make it the victim's fault so the con man bears no blame. If I didn't take this fool's money someone else would have, may as well be me. 
In a larger social context, if the poor are poor because of their own choices, there's no need to help them. That would be rewarding failure. But it also ignores larger factors that have bearing because it's easier when things are made simpler than they are. 
In my opinion, society is a garden. A gardener finds a well-lit location, amends the soil, irrigates and then plants the seed. You can hardly fault the seed for failing if cast  on stony ground. Once planted in the garden, it's all up to the seed now. 
To put it another way, you cannot guarantee equality of outcome but you should always strive for equality of access. You don't want to tell one smart student he gets to be a doctor because his family is well-off and another smart student he gets to work minimum wage because his family is poor. Success or failure should be based on individual merit and ability rather than their means. And this would require a massive expenditure towards the public financing of education from K to university. 
But it's more satisfying to victim blame and be smug about it. 
@_date: 2018-01-08 22:36:00


So there's something other commentators have gotten at and I'm still banging my head on. 
So what you are talking about here, the debt-based growth model.  Lend money at interest, borrow can repay money. It requires an economy to be constantly growing or else the whole thing falls apart. But we cannot have infinite growth in a finite system. As the US was growing from one coast to the other and then infilling the places that were bypassed, the whole economy continued to grow and debt payments could be serviced. 
At a certain point the real economy gets decoupled from the financialized economy. For example, I have 100 bushels of corn. Market price is x, my value is 100x. Turn that into 1000 bushels, 1000x. (Yes, there's a point at which I have enough corn to sell the price drops.) Point is, give me more corn and I have more wealth. Likewise, give me cash and I can start buying corn. 
But we pump a bunch of money into the economy and people can start bidding each other up and inflation goes bonkers. If money is expensive, a $150k house lists and sells for $150k. Make the money cheap and I can throw another $20k on to bet the other guy, it's not going to break my mortgage. So the other guy goes up $30k. Go a few rounds like this and we end up with our current housing market where the intrinsic value of the house should be $150k but the market value is $600k. It never would have gone up like that without the distortion of cheap money. And people end up depending on their houses appreciating like mad because they need to cash out all that equity for retirement. But this can't possibly be stable. Income used to rise with inflation so when your dad bought that house at $30k it made sense for his income and if you bought it off him for $150k 30 years later it made sense for your income. Very few people are making enough for $600k to make sense. I understand the simplistic POV that the value of something is what someone will pay you for it but that holds true in the middle of a manic bubble right up until it pops. 
I'm making utter rubbish of what I'm trying to say here but it seems like we're able to magic money from nowhere and exchange intangible bullshit for hard assets. I had the same disconnect in the first dot.com boom when Yahoo had a higher market cap than GM. GM made big, durable goods and had billions in assets like factories and land and patents and Yahoo was just a bunch of fairy dust floating on the web. Sure, web search was useful and information distribution is a valuable service but I couldn't fathom pricing it as highly as it was. 
There's talk that we need to shift the economy to a steady state where growth is no longer required but that would necessitate the rethinking of everything we know about everything. 
@_date: 2018-01-08 22:19:41
What would you say is the best Andreas talk to really dig into what he's talking about?