@_author: jon_titor
@_date: 2014-01-02 02:08:51
Uh, Colorado resident here.  Companies can and do still drug test here, and if they have a no marijuana use policy, they will fire your ass just like anywhere else in the country.
@_date: 2014-01-20 22:25:16
By a non-mainstream Economist*. 99% of professional Economists disagree with this guy.
That's like saying global warming isn't a problem because 1% of climate scientists don't buy it.
The Austrian Economists even had to start their own journal because they couldn't get published in real journals.
@_date: 2014-01-20 22:38:34
First of all, I don't think you understand what "hyper" means in an economic sense.  And by saying that it's "been in hyperdeflation from day 1" would imply that it's value has been monotonically increasing from the beginning, which is patently false.  It has been highly volatile, although its value has been trending upwards.  Also, bitcoin represents such a tiny fraction of the economy that it has essentially zero effect on world markets.  That is very different from deflation occurring in a major world currency.
And your smartphone question is pointless.  Smartphones and HDTVs are tools, not currencies.  You derive utility from simply owning and using them.  That's why people buy them.  You might as well ask why a person should buy a loaf of bread today if we know that bread prices will be cheaper in a year.
@_date: 2014-01-20 22:07:26
And deflation is a far worse problem than inflation.  Inflation provides a reason for people to move money around (i.e. invest) and helps overall economic growth.  Deflation provides an incentive for hording money and not spending or investing it.
The majority of mainstream economists view low-level inflation (1-3% per annum, which is what the US has had for several years) as a good thing, like fiber for the economy.
@_date: 2014-01-20 22:15:19
That's absolutely false.
Say we're at the point where all the bitcoins have been mined, but they are still gaining in popularity.  This causes the value of bitcoins to rise, relative to a representative basket of market goods - i.e., prices in terms of bitcoins are falling.  That is textbook deflation.
Deflation is a problem because it provides a disincentive to invest or spend money.  If your money is going to be worth more in a month, why not just hoard it now, instead of taking on a risky investment?  Why give out a business loan when you are guaranteed to see profit just by holding onto it?
This is literally Econ 101.