@_author: jonatj38
@_date: 2017-02-28 04:55:12
--Here is my response--
Dear Coinbase,
I am very disappointed by the recent development in Hawaii.  I made my concerns known to the Division of Finance office of the DCCA.  
Coinbase is by far the best digital asset exchange I've have had the pleasure of dealing with and I won't let this matter go without a fight. Please let me know if there is any assistance I can provide as a resident of Hawaii, a Block chain advocate and employee of a major bank.  I've posted the matter on social media and sent the email below to the DFI Commissioner.  
Hawaii should be looking at ways to expand their use of digital assets, not limiting it.
I hope it isn't too late for action.
Best regards, 
Begin forwarded message:
To: dfi
Subject: RE: Cash reserve policy for digital currency businesses
Dear Commissioner,
It has come to my attention that a new policy is requiring redundant reserves for licensees of digital (virtual) currency.  This new policy will have a chilling effect on the new digital currency marketplace and use of the technology.  Today Coinbase, one of the largest digital asset companies is pulling out business from Hawaii. 
As a digital currency user since 2011, I have a significant interest in the use of digital asset technology.  I am familiar with financial regulations and the importance of protecting Hawaii customers.  However, I believe this policy is a move in the wrong direction.
There are initiatives by the State government (HB1481) and local businesses to utilize digital currency and it's underlying blockchain technology. But without support from the DFI the use of this new technology will stifle research and innovation.  It will restrict money from flowing into the islands for investment and tourism, and will say to the Financial Technology world that Hawaii is not ready for business in the 21st century.  The people of Hawaii want access to the best businesses and services the world has to offer.
I, along with many other digital currency users will be disappointed to see Hawaii left behind.  So I humbly urge you to reconsider this decision. 
Is there an opportunity to understand the goal and reasoning behind the new policy?  Maybe there is an approach that would be more friendly to business and still provide residents the protection they deserve.
Thank you very much for your time and consideration to this matter.
