@_author: joncd7
@_date: 2014-05-13 03:49:05
Great thoughts. We keep preaching that bitcoin is a faster, more efficient way to transfer an asset. Let's prove this by leveraging its efficiencies to build new applications and services with lower overhead.
Another approach would be to actually incentivize consumers to use bitcoin through promotional efforts like  discounts and promotions that are bitcoin specific. There are only a few bitcoin company's out there that I can think of that are actually doing this.
We need to start focusing more on these two areas.
@_date: 2014-05-06 15:33:49
I do think that merchant's who accept Bitcoin need to think of more creative ways to incentive their customers to use it.
Purse.io is a really creative way to do this. However, the more money you save from using the service, the more you sacrifice in time in order for it to be fulfilled and delivered.
Sometimes I use Amazon simply because I want the product on my door step in exactly 2 days. So I find myself only using Purse.io when I'm bargain hunting or when I'm buying more leisurely type items where it's not something I need immediately for business.
@_date: 2014-05-20 15:44:34
This video is so inspiring.
So much motivation for the day. Let's change the world.
@_date: 2014-05-07 22:46:09
This is definitely the approach we should be taking.
We need to develop applications on top of bitcoin for it to fulfill its potential.
@_date: 2014-05-28 14:19:30
37coins really has enormous potential to fundamentally change the way transactions are carried out in these countries - and everywhere really.
M-PESA, or mobile money, is already a case study for this. Expats who have lived with mobile money in Africa have noted the frustration they have in coming back after being able to pay for nearly everything with their cell phone (and no, it doesn't need to be a smartphone, any old phone will do). It's simpler, easier, faster, and more convenient.
Mobile money, and bitcoin, finally give a way for people in developing countries to build assets. 37coins can make it as easy for people to do this with bitcoin as it is with M-PESA.
People in developing countries are much more accepting to technology like this because it is easy to see how it can help better their lives. They have an edge over you on these emerging technologies. You have a hard time understanding its utility because you don't actually need it in the high-income economies. 
So go on and keep using your credit cards. I'm placing my bets on these new innovative technologies and people/company's pouring their money and lives into trying to help improve the world. Mobile innovation like 37coins is the future.