@_author: jonnosaurus
@_date: 2017-12-03 01:29:18
We are a fairly cashless society now though, I'm not sure if that has a bearing. If we're only comparing physical banknotes and coins, bitcoin can't compete.
@_date: 2017-12-02 05:22:04
What's your main focus here, that you feel anonymity is pointless/unachievable, or decentralisation isn't necessary? From your other comments, it seems like you're suggesting we can't have anonymity, and therefore don't need decentralisation, is that correct?
@_date: 2017-12-02 05:47:43
It sounds like you don't fully understand the technology, I'd suggest researching how the blockchain works. In this instance, consider we have a single server validating transactions. One malicious attack, it's game over. Now say we have two. A well coordinated attack on both, okay, they could do some damage. Now say there's 4000 servers, scattered all over the world, all needing to be modified simultaneously to cause damage. One on it's own can't damage anything, the nodes need to agree. Coordinating an attack on several thousand machines around the world simultaneously..
@_date: 2017-12-02 12:57:26
If your belief is that the overall goal is to buy your coins now and cash out when they're high, that's great for you, but if everyone has that opinion and don't see it as an actual currency, then the sceptics are right and this is nothing more than a Ponzi (at least a greater-fool system).
And yes, I believe bitcoins intentions are a lot closer to communism than capitalism. A global currency with no ownership, where people work together to keep the system decentralised, to make money fairer for everybody. A currency that had the original goal that anybody could mine it, not just some corporation or huge entity. It hadn't worked that way due to ASICs and huge mining pools, but sure, I believe the system was designed to be fair to those who need it. I'm not suggesting that everyone should have the same amount, but that distribution should be fair. Anyone who bought in years ago would now control way more wealth than those who cash in now. Not out of skill, or any real traditional capitalist values, just from jumping on early before anyone considered this might be a real currency. Whether you believe that's fair or not is up to you, but remember a currency that isn't backed by anything is only a currency if people believe it has value.
Pure speculation time..
You are entitled to interpret it your own way, of course. But let's say in 10 years this becomes a recognised currency in at a few developed countries. We now have 21M coins - losses to distribute between say 400M people, using what's now in circulation. This would mean a maximum of 0.05 coins per person at a best case scenario. We'd have a point where 0.05 coins at that point will buy you a new sports car and probably more (in fact, a hell of a lot less than that as I've missed that all industry would also need to change their reserves to bitcoin too. It's more likely people could fairly own 0.000# of a coin each and this would have to be worth a HUGE amount, the value of the average person's life savings and estate combined). The rest of the world is priced out of the market, including a lot of people in the countries where we're now live as people panic buy as much as they can, so as not to lose money against their fiat. Value goes up and up, some people have way more than the 0.05 median value, far more people have extremely little compared to that. What happens next?
Either those very rich can now buy an entire country whilst everyone else accepts they're now poor in the new currency. Or the currency fails as the majority of people refuse to use it, because to trade their fiat over to it would cost them all their savings and more.
Honestly, fair distribution is the hardest part of a new currency. This is unchartered, usually a governing body would do this in a way they established as fair (whether it was or not). The system of printing 21M coins, putting them on a table and telling everyone 'okay... Grab everything you can and you're the world's first trillionaire!' is not capitalist, nor Communist. People are unlikely to buy into a new system where they're instantly poorer, and anyone with &gt;0.00001 coins, say just one coin, controls more wealth than a country does currently. You just can't really treat a currency you plan to use the same way you would any other commodity.
Unless you plan to just use it as a store of value, which certainly wasn't the original goal. Then carry on as we are and hope everyone aligns the same way!
Edit: Reading what you said again, I've realised you're likening bitcoin to stocks. That's where the problem lies I think, these aren't stocks on the market you buy and they are backed by a companies performance. They cannot be likened in the same way.
@_date: 2017-12-01 21:00:09
We got backpackers insurance, check the activities you're likely to do but it's was like £300 for two, we never claimed in a year and a half but it was mainly just incase of medical.
$35k could have you living in southeast Asia for years ;) we set off with a fraction of that, maybe spent 1k GBP a month in India, Thailand, Myanmar, Laos, Vietnam, Cambodia. My wife ended up with a job in Cambodia so we stayed a long time, but had a comfortable life there for 1k USD per month. Everywhere else we traveled on the cheaper end of the scale, sacrificing comfort at times. We met people who'd let with about 5k USD to their name and via couch surfing etc had been there for years. Really depends on your comfort tolerance, but even with decent hotels you'll be fine. Meals can be as low as a dollar or two, accommodation we had as low as 3 dollars a night, rarely more than 10, but that was usually minimal stuff. We spent probably triple overall for new Zealand (rented a camper) and Japan (mostly airbnb, hotels are so expensive). West Europe will be expensive, East will be between but much cheaper than West. Honestly though, you should be great, and if at any point you worry check out couch surfing or wwoofing/voluntary projects in areas, they usually mean free accommodation, which is usually the most expensive part.
@_date: 2017-12-02 05:41:36
Well no, the anonymity of decentralisation is a side effect, not the primary reason in my mind. Decentralisation means the inability to create new money, stability in that it cannot be manipulated, no bank or government preventing you from access to what is yours, no company to collapse losing everyone's money. It's a way of ensuring that everyone's on a level playing field without someone or something at the top in someway manipulating it, because it has to conform to the decentralised consensus. If anonymity comes with that, great, one step closer to not being constantly monitored, but it's not what I'd consider the primary goal.
You seem fairly comfortable with being watched, which is great for you. You must live in a place where your freedom of speech is reasonably respected. There are still a huge amount of countries where this is not the case. They may believe they have nothing to hide, but perhaps they say the wrong thing about the current government, or they buy something their highly religious government considers blasphemous without having considered it, that could be their life over. Any steps toward anonymity for people living under such corruption can't be a bad thing, no?
@_date: 2017-12-01 23:50:31
There's a blockchain fork earlier than cash??
@_date: 2017-12-02 06:07:27
The overall goal isn't about buying coins and cashing out, but pushing for adoption as a currency much like fiat is now. Sure, right now it's unstable and a bit of a mess, people are simply looking at it as a quick investment. Will bitcoin ever truly be a recognised currency you could buy a coffee with at any store? I'm not sure. My concern is that the people invested in bitcoin got so much of a headstart that it would be hard to now introduce the masses into it without accidentally making some people insanely rich. I suspect if anything could ever do it, it'd end up being an alt, with a fresh blockchain and all the improvements invested into bitcoin over the years. The backend system, the core of how it works, that's great, it's clever and it's secure, admittedly with scalability concerns right now. What we need to move this to a common currency is a way for business and the general public to be able to adopt and use it in a way as simple as tapping your contactless card is now, but also a way to fairly distribute it. Cash was easy, everyone gets that. Visa and MasterCard etc took some adoption, but now have practically replaced cash.
As said, the problem I see with it is the distribution of coins. Currently the only simple way to get involved is to buy expensive premined coins. There's just no reason for the general public to do that right now to have a currency you can't easily spend in most places.
It's current state is somewhat hard to work out. I don't think it's a Ponzi as such, but I also think most people are just buying to ride the price increase and not for the sake of actually owning bitcoins. I guess we'll see.
@_date: 2017-12-01 16:22:59
I don't expect you to tell me, but I'm curious on where you plan to travel and how much you've put aside. Reason being, me and my wife traveled Asia for a year and a half and we've just started in south America, and honestly it's not as expensive as people think. That said, if you're off to Europe, I'm sure it would be a heck of a lot more.
I'm just thinking as it sounds like you're going to have a lot of money available, especially if you're selling off all your stuff! Whether you reply or not, enjoy yourself, it is an awesome experience!
@_date: 2017-12-01 23:52:39
I believe localbitcoins will be easiest. Otherwise I think there's a method using coin base to eur and revolut.
@_date: 2018-05-17 17:57:16
Hell, some banks even pay you to transfer to them.
@_date: 2018-05-17 18:08:25
Overdrafts are optional. I can tell my bank to remove it. Some people want them, and my bank won't charge me for using it for a month anyway 
Credit cards charge a %. Debit cards are fixed fee, a few pence per transaction. This is why is the UK credit card transactions on high value items often occur an extra percent, otherwise it's absorbed by the retailer or added to the cost regardless (usually the first one to maintain competitive prices). 
Your issues sound more like poor money management (if you didn't have an overdraft you'd have simply had other issues paying for things, which could have been worse for you depending on the situation. The overdraft isn't the problem, you never need to touch it). I've had a bank account for decades and never paid a penny to my bank in fees.
Tell a lie, I now have a Santander current account that costs me 5 quid a month and gives back over 20 quid in interest and cashback. Not bad for just using my cash as normal.
@_date: 2019-03-01 12:41:09
I'd say you have a better chance overall to recover an old bank account you forgot you had over an old crypto wallet you forgot the seed/key for though.
@_date: 2019-03-19 19:10:19
There are literally hundreds of cryptos that have failed.
@_date: 2019-03-19 21:35:05
Then lets all stop comparing them  ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ 
@_date: 2019-03-20 17:08:49
Potentially unwanted programs are exactly that, potentially. Some anti virus software detects other antivirus software's toolbars as a PUP. Typically not so much harmful, but irritating in some way. Certainly not common to all machines.
@_date: 2017-11-12 00:04:06
Was in reference to bandwidth (amount of data transferred rather than speed). Some ISPs only allow a limited amount of data usage per month, in this instance it'll be used up faster than normal.
@_date: 2019-02-08 14:34:54
I think I watched a programme about this on my HD DVD player. No wait, betamax. No hang on, I heard about it on my Zune I think. Uhhh.. Saw it on my google glass? Or was it on my Bebo? Hold up, probably on my google+ account. 
Idk, anyway, off to play on my dreamcast.
@_date: 2017-11-08 03:05:22
Or perhaps he lost his private key?
@_date: 2017-11-28 23:09:29
Looks like GDAX
@_date: 2018-03-31 22:48:12
A completely random selection might mean something (although unlikely). This is just propaganda. It's not just irrelevant, it's utterly misleading. 'here's a list of successful stuff *so far*, and bitcoin that might share the same success as the Walkman and VCR.'
@_date: 2019-01-05 20:46:00
I know people who saw something hugely inflating in value being told it would keep going up with absolutely no idea why or what it really was. So uh... Yeah. 
@_date: 2019-01-05 20:49:56
He means it's a 6th of what it was worth. He's pretty much not wrong, he just used incorrect symbols.
@_date: 2017-10-31 17:10:20
@_date: 2018-04-02 03:45:55
What? Why? Why can't it be a subreddit of reasonable discussion, pros, cons, honest reporting? If people don't think it will succeed, why shouldn't that conversation be here? Subreddits define the subject, not force positivity of it. R/thewalkingdead is negative all over the TV show at the moment because of its faults, and that's the point of a subreddit, to discuss this stuff...
I don't believe we should share information that skews the facts. People lose real money by buying into stuff like this uninformed because this sub is a circle jerk that focuses too much on making it sound infallible, rather than its individual strengths and weaknesses and how to fix it. That's the problem with this sub entirely, point out a weakness, or something being off topic, or mention for a second the price is plausibly going to drop and you're 'shitting on bitcoin' or spreading fud. It's discussion, and where real money and peoples livelihoods are at stake, blindly spreading misleading information is a terrible use of the sub.
@_date: 2018-04-10 12:53:58
Yo, this guy is asking for reasonable discussion, not anti-bitcoin. I completely agree, the sub is bordering on MLM level propaganda at times, ignoring any potential fault and thus no discussion on a potential remedy.
I have faith that crypto, perhaps bitcoin, has a place in the world. Problem is that here I'm told it's going to take over and be the answer to all our prayers. I still want to know how we can solve the problem of a government or wealthy company or individual influencing the value and scarcity of bitcoins. A real serious discussion rather than being told it's just fud. Currently pump and dumps are treated as par for the course, how does that make this currency strong when you can wake up to find yourself significantly richer or poorer?
Either your post a prediction the value will be millions of USD, or that it's going to be widely adopted in a few years. Otherwise it's fud or a bcash shill or suddenly unimportant to the future of bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-04-10 18:28:15
Did it? Where did I say that?
@_date: 2018-04-09 12:37:03
*Terrible* at math would be saying 173.4 or something. I accidentally a zero :(
Either way, I don't want a currency that changes that dramatically per day. Our currency changes value like 1 to 1.5% a *year* unless some major event happens. I can't even imagine an economy trying to function, especially a global one, with that level of instability.
@_date: 2018-04-08 23:24:42
Biggest concern is it went up over 1% in 24 hours, at that value that's like $7k in a day. Even less stable than it is now!
@_date: 2018-04-07 16:47:09
So how is this fixed? There is now segwit, lightning.. huge problems resolved. What is now needed to prevent this unregulated currency being manipulated like this? Because as great as it is to believe this is the future, this aspect, giving individuals the ability to affect it's stability, is a deal breaker right, unless I am missing something?
It's one thing having a currency that can be manipulated by government, but a currency that can be manipulated in value by government, companies and even a particularly well off man-on-the-street is concerning, no?
@_date: 2018-12-22 16:13:14
Stocks aren't the same as bitcoin though... Odd comparison. 