@_author: jonnylatte
@_date: 2016-08-04 08:53:47
Does he have the genesis block? If he has that and the codes then it must be him.
edit: /s
@_date: 2016-08-04 08:52:35
Why INTP and not ENTP, ENTJ or INTJ? 
@_date: 2016-08-20 22:34:08
[Originally coin age was taken into account too]( I'm not sure if all miners have switched away to just fees but it makes sense all things being equal to let the transaction with the oldest inputs times their value to get through first since someone wanting to spam the network would automatically be deprioritized.
@_date: 2016-08-04 22:08:12
By all powers combined he is captain satoshi
@_date: 2016-08-12 09:34:43
Buy stamps with Blow-Stamps!
@_date: 2016-04-06 03:18:00
Not just off shore off planet. Call them moon havens.
@_date: 2016-04-25 21:06:25
So what price did everyone buy in at? 
@_date: 2016-04-25 10:30:37
I left them playing in the back yard while I do the dishes is that ok? 
@_date: 2016-04-21 09:39:56
Thats not how any of this works. Bitcoin is designed with the assumption that all parties are potential attackers. It is designed to extract consensus without the need to appeal to peoples good nature only their financial interest. It is the responsibility of everyone else to make that the case. So the question is not what they should do but what will everyone else do about it. Appealing to peoples good nature so that they do not abuse a position of power without accompanying that plea with a financial threat or technological solution would be an admission of failure for bitcoin. 
@_date: 2016-04-27 21:20:04
Wasn't xcp originally issued by burning btc. If that was the only xcp issuance what was the conversion rate?
@_date: 2016-04-25 21:05:05
The point is that they don't like that people who care about what price they bought in at talk about it so they want to give the impression that nobody cares so that people wont ask or offer up the information. Seems like a pretty delusional objective to me.
@_date: 2016-04-01 15:31:00
A typical process for finding inputs has the client choosing transaction Inputs by age (oldest first) and just keeps adding inputs until it has enough to cover the amount you want to spend although that would depend on the client.
You can follow where the inputs came from yourself to figure out if they where a cluster of small payments you received all at once or a whole bunch of change from larger transactions. It would be more meaningful to you then anyone else trying to figure out exactly why. 
@_date: 2015-12-01 07:20:13


Obviously. Its a thought experiment: another way to get the point across. 


Nope, a strawman is where you misrepresent another person's argument so that you can fight and defeat the misrepresentation.


Sure. But by looking at security in those terms the network is less secure now. I covered that.


I'm not claiming there isnt a wide range of security considerations. Just that your initial statement that the network is more secure now "because hashrate" is at best invalid and at worst simply incorrect. 


The problem is you are measuring *in* hashrate which is begging the question:  the cost of hashing was orders of magnitude more 2 years ago and the value of block rewards now are much lower. Its not clear that its more expensive to mine *for a given hashrate* now than it was and even if that is the case its possible that a percentage of the network gaining those rewards is a percentage that would be attacking it given the right relative distribution of hashing power


ad homonym. I could say the same and do think there is a lot of irony in this statement. I have also not claimed to know all attack vectors. I assumed we where just talking about economic attacks on proof of work. 


Again you have not made that case so you should probably stop using the word "clearly" to describe the point of dispute. 


Yes my argument is that raw hashrate is largely irrelevant. 


Have you considered that you may have a poor understanding of the mechanics of how bitcoin is secured? 
To me its plainly obvious if a new quantum chip or an fancy algorithm that increases the hashrate 1000 fold comes out tomorrow bitcoin wont be more secure. And the fact of that proves how irreverent the raw hashrate is in determining security on its own. Thats my point and it is in direct contradiction to your original one and yes I'm arrogant enough to believe it and it does speak for itself. 
Just because you have the information and its used in the calculation of security doesn’t mean its a dependant variable. 
Anyway this is getting repetitive and its not really valuable to me to point out to one person that they are wrong which is what happens when arguments like this get nested too deep. 
@_date: 2015-12-01 04:51:11


No it wont. You dont know the cost of hashing power in 5 years. Thats kind of the point. If the cost of hashing power halves then the new more efficient devices will be produced and sold until profits normalize at a higher hashrate. At that point its not the higher hashrate you want to look at because at the same relative distribution the security is the same. 
If you know the cost of hashing then you could calculate an estimate of the total cost of mining given the block reward and you could make the argument that that is what is securing the network but again its not the total hashrate and would mean that bitcoin was more secure 2 years ago with the lower hashrate because the block reward had a higher value. 


How are you quantifying that? I would think that an attack on bitcoin would be much cheaper because an attack would involve regulating the handful of ASIC manufacturers which is much easier than stopping GPUs which are already widely distributed. I would say that things have improved since ASICs first came out because at one point a single guy has 30% of the bitcoin hashrate in his hand (the first batch of ASIC chips) but thats an argument based on distribution, there are more seperate players now in the ASIC space than there where, had ASICs been 100 times more of an improvement in hashrate I dont beleive they would have resulted in more security for bitcoin except that the shift to ASICs would have been faster and more centralization would have resulted. The hashrate would be higher though.
@_date: 2015-12-02 10:36:59
I can see where you are going with that question and it loops the conversation right back around to the point where I re-state my initial argument: An increase in the hashrate could be due to increases in security or it could be due to decreases in the cost of mining or some combination. The argument is not that there isnt a correlation between hashrate and security, its that the correlation is misleading. Getting me to admit increased hashrate provides more security in one circumstance does not prove it as a universal. I can even make your point as a general principle: in the case where the hashrate goes up faster than Moore's law and there is no significant centralization within the miners actively supporting the network then all else being equal security against a 51% attack has increased. The key being that a decline in participation has not been hidden by Moore's law or some rapid decline of hashing costs. 
In the end I see the block reward as the closest thing to the cost of attacking since the investment made in mining is going to be very close to that and so the cost of having more hashing power than the rest of the network will also be close to that for an external threat. I dont think in terms of hashrate at all because of the possibility of it hiding a decline in security. but even then its not that simple: if the value of bitcoin as a whole doubles but the block reward halves and the hashrate adjusted for cost remains the same I think you have lost security also because you have less money going towards security per dollar secured... 
@_date: 2015-12-01 04:18:10


You have to consider it but you dont have to consider total hashrate. Its categorically more important. Think of it this way, if you could know the the hashrate of bitcoin in 5 years or the percentage each mining pool has of the network in 5 years, the hashrate is going to tell you exactly nothing about how secure bitcoin will be. 


Its statements like that which need to be backed up by arguments. Why exactly is the raw number important? It seems to me that it tells you nothing at all about how secure bitcoin is. I actually think bitcoin has become less secure due to the advent of ASIC mining due to the centralization of mining power even though the hashrate has increased dramatically. Its the idea that the hashrate as a number is significant in determining the security of the bitcoin network that leads people to believe bitcoin is getting more secure when in reality it may or may not be.


yes I stand by that statement. 


I agree. But I would have been over emphasising the relevance of total hashrate as a measure of security if I did that. 
@_date: 2015-12-02 11:03:18
Everyone except the socialists themselves. They are too busy calling it not real socialism and planning to apply the exact same policies that lead to the mess again but this time with the right people!
@_date: 2015-12-02 09:37:15
Yeah of course bitcoin had basically no security at the start of 2010 there was basically no way for it to go but to get better of completely fail. Its going to look good by any metric during that period: zero value coins vs 30c coins at the end of the year, a less hashing power than a single GPU vs ~100GH/s, a handfull of miners vs thousands.
@_date: 2015-12-01 09:24:22


I did not claim that you did. I proposed my own hypothetical situation as a way to demonstrate that relative hashrate is important for security and absolute hashrate is not. I didnt make any claims whatsoever in that thought experiment about what your arguments are. I could not have made a strawman without making a claim about what you think. 
I could make another analogy: if you wanted to know who will win a dice game whats more important: knowing the total number of dots on all dice or the relative distribution of dots between players? Its not a strawman its just an argument through analogy. You can claim its a bad analogy if you want but dont accuse me of strawmanning. 


Which is a seperate thing from the hashrate. The cost of hashing can go up and down independently of the total hashrate (usually goes down but could go up for example with increased power prices) 


The price of bitcoin has more than halved. That means the block reward is also less than half in terms of value. That means the money spent on securing the network may have in fact decreased even if the hashrate has increased because the lower cost of hashing power can make up for the declining investment in mining equipment. If this is correct then an attacker could now buy up a larger percentage of the network because they are competing against people who are getting paid less than half what they did. The absolute statement "must be" is not correct because it does not have to be the case. 
BTW I dont think this sort of attack is likely. or that it is necessarily less costly, just that you dont know from the hashrate. 


be specific: *total* hashrate is irreverent. Of corse hashrate is impotant if you are talking about how much of it an attacker has vs how much the network has but how much the network has alone by itself especially comparing it to the past is meaningless. I'm not arguing from authority. I'm arguing from arguments.  


I dont think thats likely to happen since you cant uninvent ASICs. Even if Power increased 10 times globally where would still be pockets of people with free electricity who could buy up the extra chips and keep the hashrate the same. But if you are really saying all else the same then yes. If every bitcoin miner suddenly started hashing at 1/100th the hashrate at the same power usage then the network would be exactly as secure... 
I will conceid though that if you know that the hashrate is X and then the next week its x/100 then you know the network is at least 100th as secure but thats because you know the minimum value for the hashing power not used on the network ie you know the relative hashrate or at least a good estimate of it!


So you think a chip that is 1000 times more efficient would increase the security? Or are you actually taking my hypothetical literally as if I propose it actually happening? 


So are you saying its the relative ownership of that hashing power thats important. Thats my main point you are making.


They would if they get paid to or they are tricked into it by joining a rogue pool that is paid to but you wont know that from the hashrate. In fact I expect the hashrate to ~~double~~ increase during a 51% attack by definition...
I did say the economic incentives are important! Thats why I fount it a little odd you said I was being too narrow in my view. In fact "economic incentives" pretty much covers all human action. My point is not narrow its overly encompassing. 


Thats a good idea. I'm a big fan of Andreas too. Please send me a link if you make a text post. 
@_date: 2015-06-05 10:24:38
Its more likely than you think.
@_date: 2015-12-09 09:39:53
Craig's List isn't a Wright only ledger
@_date: 2015-12-01 00:47:18
Distribution of basing power includes hashing power used for alts as well as unused hasing power. Alts are less secure because they have for the most part an insignificant percentage of the available having power.
You have not made a case for raw numbers providing more security independent of the relative distribution of hashing power. Its not a simplication its the fundamental security model of proof of work. 
You can increase the hashrate and lower the security. That's certainly the case for sha256 alts
@_date: 2015-12-01 19:24:53


yes. Relative distribution of what? hashing power.
@_date: 2015-12-18 08:43:17


I would change that from Capitalism "is" to capitalism "has" or "usually has" since its not the definition of capitalism but simply an emergent property of it. At its core a system of social organization is capitalist to the extent that there is private property especially in regards to the means of production. Its deceptively simple sounding because you might actually have no trade and no markets under capitalism if for some reason that is what people choose to do with their property (extremely unlikely but I think its an important point because there could be systems with markets that are corporatist or fascist that do not allow private property since there is always a governing body that overrides peoples choices whenever it wants and people who don't see capitalism as property rights will think this is what a capitalist advocates)
@_date: 2018-08-26 17:27:48


I'm not defending the US system. I just assign different causes for it being shitty than you. Instead of blaming the free market for making it shitty I would look at for example the supply constraints created by the AMA and the laws that prevent mutual aid societies from functioning in the way they did back when healthcare was essentially too cheap to meter in the US or any relatively free economy. 
Telling me how you where saved by socialised heathcare isnt really a good argument for it. At least no more than it would be for someone living in a dictatorship arguing that they would starve if the king did not supply bread to the peasants. I would not argue that a peasant should reject the free food but I would also point out that the king can afford it because they steal the production from the peasants in the first place or make it illegal for the peasants to grow their own. In the case of healthcare that would be the restricted supply of doctors and other heathcare professionals brought about by organisations like the AMA and the state power that has been granted to them to enact those restrictions. Heathcare is not immune to the effects of supply and demand. If you give out state monopolies in heathcare and insurance then those organisations can extract monopoly rents. When the state steps forward to "fix" that problem without relieving the underlying cause of the high prices ie without undoing their intervention to fix low wages for doctors then the fix may help on a case by case basis but systemically the problem is still there. Full socialism may actually be better in comparison if they can at the same time scrap the rent seeking organisation but you are still left with a government bureaucracy rather than a competitive marketplace. Rely on politicians for long enough to provide a service and you can even be forgiven for not believing that basic things like toilet paper and food can be produced privately cheaper and better but far worse then that you get a stagnation. Name one industry that continues to innovate after being nationalised?  


You do realise that this breaks insurance right? I mean who would buy fire insurance if you could buy it after your house is on fire? I have no sympathy for the state supported insurance industry but policies forcing them to ignore pre existing conditions will bankrupt them and so you get either people being forced to pay or full nationalisation as a result of the state policy that you will no doubt call the free market. 
 
@_date: 2018-08-26 07:52:10
So his healthcare is free but it costs 10 times as much in taxes and funds perpetual war. 
@_date: 2018-08-26 12:35:52


Being the best pile of shit isnt exactly something to be proud of and I was actually taking a dig at the united states when I was mentioning the wealfare warfare state. The United states healthcare system is not exactly free of government intervention. 
Here is a video that puts the clusterfuck of the US system into a little more context: 


Thats like saying we have the freedom to drive cars into crowds of children just because people are allowed to have cars and cars can be used to do that. 
If that happens a lot in your country it might be worth investigating who is driving and why more than just blaming the existence of cars in public hands. 
@_date: 2018-08-26 18:35:13


Yes putting something in context is not defending it, its pointing out why things have gone so wrong. 


The same people who would shop around for fire insurance  when their house is burning. Thats not an argument for eliminating competition for emergancy care since the actual thing you shop around for is in the specific case of emergency care is insurance and its vitally important that you are not forced to pay for insurance because if you are that breaks the insurance model just as much as insurance companies being forced to provide coverage after the cost is known. 
But look you are acting like charity doesn't exist while at the same time arguing that people should be forced to fix this situation. If people dont want to fix this situation its a bad argument for it being a law and if they do want to fix this situation then its a case for a combination of charity and individuals taking responsibility for their own lives / costs. Again you are not thinking this in the context of how much cheaper a mutual aid system was. I mean emergancy care was essentially free if you paid your one days worth of wages for the years worth of heathcare. An actual free market is like in heathcare can be as different as a supermarket in a capitalist country vs one in a communist country. You mistake is in thinking we are in a capitalist system when it comes to healthcare costs when we are not.  


Why on earth would your employer buy you instance? oh right there are laws mandating that. It is a socialist policy that mandates equal provision of employment bonuses that gave you that insurance. Its socialism that saved you. 


I was making a dig on Venezuela mandating price controls on toilet paper and the subsequent toilet paper shortages. 


Did you watch the video I linked? I'm not advocating for a centrally planed economy. 


Its not so much that innovation regresses under socialism beyond cases of societal collapse its more that innovation just crawls to a stop. I mean in the words of Bernie sanders who needs 12 kinds of deodorant? Its really that mindset that takes over when there are no new companies coming in trying to disrupt things. Socialism is a literally a corporation. Why would you expect a corporation to innovate if no one is trying to put it out of business and it gets paid no matter what?  I mean there might be individuals working in a large monopolistic corporation that are still creative but the history of disruptive technology is these people fighting the established players and that has not historically worked all that well when the corporation is the state. 


I'm not sure your arguments are aimed at me. They are not based on anything I have said.  


I dont see a problem with buying fire insurance after your car was robbed. A free market system would not link those things. There are regulations on the books that force these things to be interdependent keeping in line with that analogy. 
@_date: 2014-02-08 03:40:43
Its a privacy issue, if you don't change the address for each customer then they can all see everyone else's transactions. They could even pin it down to the person if they are there in the store watching the transactions come in on blockchain.info. 
@_date: 2018-08-26 20:22:50


Sure thats fine although its not the frame of comparison I was making. 


Where did I say that people have time to shop around for insurance during an emergency? There are solutions to the problem of emergency care that do not however turn every one into the person being shaken down by the situation. It might suck for the individuals that didnt pay their cheap mutual aid fees and who literally no one including crowd funding services charities and credit providers want to pick up the tab for but why do they get to point the guns of the state at anyone? Again in a free market system high prices have never been a barrier to heathcare, the high prices are an artefact of state intervention and are kind of universal. Also there is always going to be a point where even the state cuts people off for chronic care that a free market system could keep alive due to again mutual aid being historically orders of magnitude cheaper. I could just as well go into a frantic moral panic about why you want these people to die by promoting a flawed economic model!!1!


An ambulance ride should cost literally no more than a taxi ride in a free market and taxi rides are already so inflated by licencing and taxes that the cost could be much less than that. I mean seriously I know people who would catch an uber for emergency drive to the hospital because their chances of dying waiting for an ambulance are higher than just going with a responsive lower regulated service. This is another case of the state breaking your legs and providing free crutches. 


Yes but why? do you know the history of why that started? isnt it kind of stupid to have your employer buy your insurance? Why wouldnt you just take money instead and choose your own insurance? That sort of deal got started because the government in the US and various other countries started capping peoples salaries because socialism and companies used bonuses to get around that because why pay good workers less if you want to have them? Mandated insurance came after and in response to that. These things change rather rapidly though and can differ by state because not every state is full of people dumb enough to think a government solution to a government problem is a great idea vs undoing the  the first intervention. In any case once an insurance company starts getting mandated customers why even bother to provide anything for  anyone else? That would be like a politician for filling promises after his already been elected.  I mean they might out of kindness but they dont have to. 


Not before the ACA, before the AMA and I'm only advocating for no free stuff from government in the sense that I dont think bread should be provided by the state for free but rather so cheap that bread lines are a ridiculous proposal. I want healthcare to be so cheap that its not a problem to be insured for emergency care and irresponsible to not pay a few dollars for a year worth of a doctors service. Thats the opposite of wanting people to die in the streets because they are too poor to pay for their heathcare. So cheap that its not a burden on charities to provide for those rare cases where someone good has no one who is willing or able to support them. I dont want to take away peoples ability to support their friends and family just to sell it back to them through the political process. Thats how the system also pays for war, because if you dont pay your taxes which fund killing people in far off lands you want to see people die on the streets for lack of being able to afford emergency care. Well I do pay for the healthcare of my family already when they need it and would help a friend in need I dont need their care being held hostage so that I pay taxes for all the things I morally object to. Maybe socialised healthcare is a thing I value. You seem to be missing the fact that I'm advocating for mutual aid which is a collectivist / leftist social technology. One that seems to have been abandoned by the left in favour of nationalism.  I'm not against voluntary socialism otherwise known as charity. but you dont seem to think people want to help others which is why you are arguing against basically the same thing but in a less violent form. because some how the operators of governments are more altruistic than the operators of charities who are literally paid to provide the service they want to provide and even if they dont they would get cut off if they wasted the money the way governments do on things like war.         


you mean heavily state controlled insurance that is mandated for things it makes no sense for insurance to be for and restricted in forms that make sense with state control over who is buying and who is selling to various degrees.  A totally free market system that is double plus bad. 
@_date: 2015-06-23 10:53:59
How do you know how many transactions are in someones mempool? 
@_date: 2014-01-17 21:48:19
I guess I just have a problem with the word "intrinsic" which implies that the value is part of the thing when its always something we assign to the thing as a relationship. You can say physical properties but the people who say intrinsic value seem to want to imply that the value is somehow special and immutable when it really isn't. 
I think a definition of intrinsic value thats "the value of a thing absent its monetary value" works best in which case gold would have an intrinsic value of about $5 according to Doug Casey and I tend to agree since if everyone who held gold as a store of wealth and medium of exchange where to sell and only the people who had a terminal use for it where to buy then the price would be much much lower.
Under that definition bitcoin also has intrinsic value since people can use a bitcoin for something like colored coins or to store other data in the blockchain but I don't really know why you would want to exclude exchange value in your view of value. Seem kind of arbitrary like saying cars have "transportation value" or that we should look at the "non-transportation value" of things because for some reason "transportation value" should not be considered since its not an attribute of the object itself but what you do with it. Intrinsic value is a whole lot of sillyness in my opinion. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 09:30:18


Your balance in these accounts is still a fractional reserve product. Just because you don't hold it in your hand as a note doesn't change what it is. People will want to be able to transfer their balance in these accounts to other people using the same system and why not? So long as it is reported and understood as an IOU with a fractional backing in the asset in question with the rest of the backing coming from obligations outstanding to the bank then its fine. 
The real examples of fraud are where the bank claims to have full reserves or X% and really has less. The fraud is not that the assets on a balance sheet are partially credit. 


fractional reserve banking was always there since its basic math. credit bubbles require more than the existence of basic math they need an element of deception (including self deception or fraud) or state coercion. Hell, it isn't even the credit bubble thats bad: its that people are forced to use the currency that is being inflated. Take away central banking and fractional reserve banking is no threat to anyone. 
@_date: 2018-05-18 05:27:01
@_date: 2014-04-14 10:21:22
Also heat that escapes the area you intend to heat.
@_date: 2014-01-08 06:05:43


This s not true. PoS blocks are in the same chain as PoW blocks they each have the hash of the previous block whether they are referring to a PoS or a PoW block. I am a big fan of having more than one type of hashing algorithm so that if one is broken you still have the other to use as what you use as confirmation. 
@_date: 2014-05-19 06:51:37
@_date: 2014-04-21 02:32:03
+$5 ppc
@_date: 2014-12-07 03:49:45


Yes you do. Lots of people other than government are willing to give you rights. Hell, even people in government give people the right to do illegal things by simply ignoring law (they mainly do this for themselves as they break their own rules on a regular basis). Rights are after-all just opinions about how people ought to conduct themselves and governments do not have a monopoly on creating rights. If they did then we should drop the word "right" and replace it with "law" so you can see how dystopian the world has become.  
@_date: 2014-06-04 12:31:39


I have thought about this problem before and even asked the [nxt forum]( just to see if their speculators even understand it. PoS under Peercoin isn't free though. There is a small amount of PoW involved which is adjusted just like regular PoW difficulty even though its much lower and there is a cooldown period for stake used for minting (30 days), a limit on how much they can be divided up (no less than 1 ppc of stake) and for how long they acquire stake (90 days and they no longer get coinage for the purpose of weighting the chain). Quite a few of the moles that need to be whacked have been whacked already.


I'm a filthy capitalist who likes seeing productive people earn more so the idea of demurrage for the purpose of "equality" seem utterly alien to me. but as a funding mechanism for something a community wants (which might include social safety nets or just funding the development of the currency itself) I'm all for it. Interesting to watch anyway. I'm waiting for Ethereum and Zerocash as my next speculation since they both solve problems that I demand solutions for myself although I'm weary of the funding model of Ethereum (that it might be too successful initially and so flop pretty badly from lack of sustained interest)
Back to demurrage wouldn't it be better to reward spending rather than punish savings? Thinking about the way PoS is currently set up (assuming the security can be sorted out to an acceptable level) what if instead of earning stake on coin age you earned it on transaction fees paid or the coinage on that is consumed to discount your hashing difficulty when mining. Call it rewards coin and market it to the socialists/mutualists ;) the users of the currency become the controllers of the network instead of the bourgeoisie speculators! 
@_date: 2014-02-14 09:24:51
Being on a larger pool reduces your chances of stales, your mining is more efficient which means more total income.
Edit: Instead of downvoting please go through the math and explain why what I said is wrong
@_date: 2014-01-08 07:14:31
I see you mean in a different chain as in fork not as in there being 2 chains making up PPC. Ok, yes I see how you need to have all the history to evaluate proof of stake and having checkpoints makes this easier. I don't see why you would want fresh stake minting blocks anyway since there would be no "cost" to attack since if its burned or locktimed (a proposed way of dealing with stake holders who submit multiple chains to the network since its so easily detectable) then that would not effect them since the stake would only exist on the rejected chain and not on the accepted one. Thank you for explaining the problem in more detail than I have seen it before, I'll have to spend more time thinking about the implications. I still don't see an attack from stakeholders as being very likely since they would be shooting themselves in their own stake but if thats only held in place by the checkpoints then its a big concern not least of all if when I'm done walking through the code and it turns out your right and its enforced by default and what that says about the honesty of the dev team.
@_date: 2014-05-31 12:30:42
You are still panicking about the house though. You are panicking *with* bitcoin. If you backed them up or stored them well then you would be panicking *without* bitcoin :P
@_date: 2014-07-25 13:37:03
"Citation needed"
@_date: 2014-05-07 08:41:34
I was a bitcoin user 4 years ago and still am but the principle that past performance does not necessarily predict future results is as valid then as it is now. Anyone can look back in [retrospect]( of a successful investment and say that people advocating prudence are retarded and for every one of them there will be a hundred losing investors who would have said the same if their investment succeeded. I am exceptionally positive about the future of bitcoin but projections like the one above make me incredibly nervous because they are encouraging reckless behavior (bubble mentality), are not taking into account the financial situation and timeframe of speculators and on top of that projecting exponential growth like that is charting out a mathematical impossibility (assuming an inflationary adjusted price and not a hyperinflation of fiat currencies which would make even tulips look like they are growing exponentially in value). Bitcoin is not going to follow an exponential curve forever. 
@_date: 2014-12-07 04:03:54
"I don't want some unknown person mining your personal information away from my control..."
@_date: 2014-05-02 13:21:16
Who said anything about not chipping in? I'm pretty sure libertarians want to pay for the things they want to have (so they can have it) just like anyone else. They just don't want a freeloading monopoly provider that will lock you up if you decide their service is shit and want to go with someone else. If you decide your mobile phone provider is shit you shouldn't have to move to a different continent, you just dump them and go with someone else. If you buy a shitty car you either get a refund or never buy from that dealer again. The same should apply for all services. I'm pretty sure you love freedom just as much as any hard core libertarian in the things you actually have freedom in. Do you want a monopoly provider planning out your job, what you eat who you can date what language you speak etc etc? Libertarians just make a principle out of the fact that when someone is forcing you to do something its probably not in your best interest. When they are forcing a whole society to do something its probably not in their best interest either. 
@_date: 2014-03-04 04:57:13
So like 5 doge...
@_date: 2014-07-05 11:47:00
The bank never had it in the first place. When you sign a mortgage the bank just makes up the money as an entry on their books. On the assets side of the balance sheet they put your promise to pay and an amount of new money, on the liabilities side they create an amount of money that they owe back which equals the amount they created. When the loan is paid back the money on the books cancels out with the liability. Its easier to conceptualize the debt as one being owed to the central bank but member banks of a fractional reserve system have permission to create credit up to some arbitrary limit. Khan academy has an excellent series on money and banking (also on bitcoin) which explains the fractional reserve part better than I can.
@_date: 2014-08-09 08:55:17
@_date: 2014-03-25 05:53:10
A burden may be voluntarily chosen but a Tax is a burden imposed on you by a government. Tax is in the set of things that are a burden and so are fees but the set of voluntary fees and taxes do not intersect. 
@_date: 2014-04-12 01:23:42
yes but $40,000 will only buy you a pizza
@_date: 2014-02-10 09:12:32
I've had trouble with a deposit not showing up right away but they fixed the problem in a reasonable amount of time. They are kind of slow but what is the alternative to get such wide variety of altcoins? 
I would not trust them with a large amount of currency but then again I would not trust any exchange with a large amount of currency. My concern is mainly whether they can keep the security of their site together more than whether they are trustworthy people. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 11:11:44


Use of a computer *language* is kind of like literature right? The [Turing Award]( might be more appropriate.
EDIT: but then again these are all centralized award granting institutions. Maybe just the fame and being stinking rich is better. 
@_date: 2014-01-16 08:13:08
I think they should. I mean if they provide something I want to pay for then they should get my money. If I want to pay more to be able to get faster access to a specific set of content then who the fuck are you to say I can't? If I am ok with having content like bittorrent traffic throttled in order to get faster voip or TV then who the fuck are you to say I can't? there is no "the people" its just you trying to force your opinions about how network traffic ought to flow (for your own selfish reasons). Don't give me this "the people" bullshit. Am I not "the people" just as much as you? are not the people who make up the companies that provide these services "the people"? is not the government a corporation that overcharges people for its services leveraging its infrastructure for its own profit? 
@_date: 2014-05-01 20:51:43
You could have a backup of the passphrase in a secure location.
@_date: 2014-01-10 10:11:10
A simple way to do it would be for the buyer to post their receiving address in an ebay message (Your right if its not on ebays books then it doesn't exist in their minds but ebay does not have to manage a wallet). I could then prove I sent you payment by pointing to the transaction on blockchain.info or some other block explorer that ebay finds acceptable. If you claim the funds came from someone else (or yourself) I could sign a message to prove I control the sending address/addresses.
@_date: 2014-08-20 20:50:16
I have a good idea of whats going on I just think you come across as a dick to OP. 
@_date: 2014-09-23 09:30:52
Next month: ISIS bans bitcoin!!!!1
@_date: 2014-05-20 06:29:03


I thought your Homeboy Menger was forward thinking... Bitcoin successfully bootstrapped its value from speculation about how it would work if it worked in the future. Thats what happened. You can't disprove the value of bitcoin by saying it cant have value from a mechanism in which it did get some of its value. 


Subjective value... very contradict. Much belittling other peoples values. Either its a reason or it isn't, if it is a reason then it has value. If that value is not sufficient for you or many then that will be reflected in the market price. 
@_date: 2014-03-07 19:15:21
+1Dorian4RoXcnBv9hnQ4Y2C1an6NJ4UrjX all
@_date: 2014-05-20 06:41:54
If bitcoin is a miss-allocation of resources equivalent in function to the Housing bubble would that argument also apply to the gold market? 
@_date: 2014-03-08 03:17:58
You are not holding constants, you are disregarding economic relationships. The security of a cryptocurrency is a direct result of its inflation rate, transaction fees and volume. Its the cost to run the network which is the disincentive to attack for no mining reward. you cant hold that variable in place while adjusting the inflation rate any more than you could increase the supply of gold and expect the price not to go down. 
Given a choice, if my only options where an inflationary currency and a zero inflation one then I would start issuing my own notes because there simply isn't enough forms of money to satisfy everyone's needs in that hypothetical situation. What should I do is not a matter for Austrian economics to discover. Austrian economics is about describing economic relationships not prescribing them. Its more about knowing what is likely to happen given a hypothetical situation based on some core economic principles and less about saying this or that is the only true rational money^tm
@_date: 2014-05-03 23:46:48
Is the blockchain write intensive though? Once you get past a few confirmations I would hope that all that data isn't going to be change much.
@_date: 2014-01-18 11:26:07
I think its tricky to define because it is a direct contradiction of the subjective theory of value and a clear definition makes this obvious. 
You cannot bridge the gap between a physical property of an object and value assigned to that object without referencing a subject who values that object's properties and when you do that you make it obvious that there is no limit to how low an object can be valued. 


He is free to think that. I am the mod of btw, I am just as much a goldbug as I am a silverbug but I wouldn't be as optimistic about gold in the long long term because I know its history in the long term: gold has been falling in value for thousands of years, during the 16th-17th it fell by more than 80% causing widespread economic upheaval. In the short term it is good as a hedge against financial trouble in fiat money but it is inflationary. I don't think gold can plunge to near zero value but it can do something similar to the drop in price of aluminium before and after it was ex tractable from its ores (aluminium used to be more expensive than gold). Especially if it is de-monetized by central banks like silver was (something I actually hope for since cheap gold may be bad for its status as a store of value its great for its "intrinsic value" being forfilled) afterall if a commodity is useful then why not make it super abundant by mining asteroids and using automated mining here on earth...  
@_date: 2014-10-31 09:14:19
There are 0,1 or more than 2 exceptions...
@_date: 2014-03-30 10:11:17


If you are solo mining then you would be mining the bitcoins into an address and if you are smart about it not exposing the private keys for that address to the machine doing the mining since its an online computer. Same goes with pool mining. 
The machine could install a virus just like any hardware you attach to a computer could have secret hardware that hacks your computer but thats going to get noticed really fast.


Thats not going to protect you if you buy the hardware unless you can pull apart the chips and look at the integrated circuits to see if they are the same as the spec. 
@_date: 2014-03-08 08:58:34
And here we have someone who is designing an inflationary currency out of all of the hypothetical currencies that you could design (all things are equal in potential currency space) thats what you are choosing. The answer to why one might choose to do this is answered very clearly with Etherum: because currency can be more than just a store of wealth. 
I'm looking forward to throwing BTC at your project. 
I should add the network affect to my list of reasons to rationally choose an inflationary currency. That sounds a little better than "Rationally dealing with the irrationality of others." 
@_date: 2014-10-31 04:33:41
Its possible to losslessly compress your DNA to about 4 megabytes because human genomes usually vary by less than 1%. How much would it cost to insert the actual compressed data? 
@_date: 2014-05-01 20:48:02


A lot of people would love a gold backed digital currency but so far all of them have been nothing more than fancy IOU systems with all the problems associated with a 3rd party having to be trusted to make good on that IOU (they have to be unchangingly trustworthy and able to defend themselves from government and private thievery). Having a distributed consensus network to make those IOUs transferable in an irreversible way does not solve the problem of counter-party risk when dealing with asset backed currencies. 
@_date: 2014-12-26 20:16:19
He said he doesn't remember using gift cards to buy drugs and child porn not that he didn't do it. He really doesn't have a burden of proof when he makes a statement about his own memory. It does mean however you can dismiss his claim without evidence. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 09:40:29


yes 


There will be less coins but the coins that remain will be more valuable (assuming the same demand for the currency) and so people will just shift to lower denominations. Since the number of decimal points can be increased at any point without too much difficulty there will never be a point when we run out of coins.
Also as the value of the coins increase people will lose less coins because they will hold less (but more valuable ones) so the decay of the currency is asymptotic and not linear strait down to zero. 


Shifting to a lower denomination over time effectively increases the supply without having to worry about who gets the new coins (everyone who holds the currency does) This might mean that it will be difficult/*not very wise* to take on debts denominated in bitcoin because it will be deflationary but I don't think the demand will grow forever (eventually everyone who is likely to own bitcoin will own it) and the price of bitcoin will not be able to grow as fast as the value of investments you might borrow bitcoin for. 
@_date: 2014-09-06 23:45:35
Perhaps you could track down Jered Kenna and ask.
@_date: 2014-09-05 13:05:13
[see this for some examples](
edit: [also this](
@_date: 2014-07-04 05:49:28
Not to be confused with democracy under government.
@_date: 2014-02-26 06:06:31
The best psychopaths are algorithms. 
@_date: 2014-01-17 07:31:14
 
@_date: 2014-06-04 10:05:27


Wouldn't that depend on the weighting between a block / chain that has PoW vs one that has more PoS. I have seen it claimed that PoS is heavily weighted but I'm not sure of the exact numbers. 


unfortunately true although as a large stake holder myself I like to think that the cost of doing that (reducing the market value of your own holdings) would be enough or at least be more and more of a disincentive over time. I am betting on its security but it needs more time and more widespread adoption for sure. 


I don't think PoW will ever be removed. It just gets less significant a factor in the distribution and security as the value of the currency goes up or the cost of hashing goes down. PoW reward = 9999/difficulty^1/4


Cold locked minting is a good example of this. People are afraid to mint because minting requires signing of blocks to prove you own the stake and that puts your keys and so funds at risk. But if cold-lock is introduced then someone stealing your keys could not steal your funds: only send them to a pre-determined address that you can keep in cold storage. But if people can mint without risking their keys then they can also hand their keys over to minting pools to mint for them (paying a fee to the pool for minting for them no doubt) if the network requirements get too large for them to mint on their own. That would mean potentially centralizing even PoS. The Bitshares team seems to have preempted this by making making that the default of delegated minting but making it easier to shift away from a chosen centralized/federated server. 


Peercoin's 1% inflation doesn't cause a transfer of wealth in the way we are used to thinking about inflation. If everyone mints then they all get 1% so their holdings are the same relative to each other. Its more like a stock split or changing denominations then the creation of new currency but it is a transfer from people who use the currency to transact (and so don't accumulate coin age) to everyone who holds the currency and it means people have to mint or else they don't gain that benefit. This makes things harder to understand for sure but if it does result in a more efficient network (in terms of security over the cost of running the network) then in the long run thats going to be expressed somewhere like in lower fees (because minters don't need to pay for mining equipment) or more profits for minters (relative to a PoW network with the same characteristics). Right now its profitable for me to mint where as my mining rig while it pays out more than the cost of electricity it will not continue to do that for very long before its worthless. 
I do think that different groups working on PoS should collaborate more. They are all facing very similar problems as far as I can see and any solution in one is going to end up in the others in one form or another anyway. 


I'm used to the idea that Peercoin isn't perfect, although its closer to what I prefer than the alternatives that exist right now and looks to be that way for some time to come. Its interesting to see that even some PoW currency developers are considering going hybrid or even full PoS so there is that little bit of confirmation. 
@_date: 2014-02-10 08:39:03
Could you give an example of a monopoly that isn't the benefactor of government largess? 
Could you give an example of an anti-trust law that isn't lobbied for by a monopoly or company wanting to prevent competition? Are you really that naive to think that these laws are there product of regular consumers wanting protection from a company they could choose not to buy from? 
@_date: 2014-01-02 09:10:24
Gotten away with what? They where selling oil for sugar in the Phillipines and settling the difference in silver since the USD was losing too much value in their opinions. They never had a substantial percentage of the world supply of silver but they recognized that it was undervalued. When people try to buy up all of the X all that happens is that the price goes up and then they run out of money. It takes a government to monopolize a commodity market since they use laws to make it so and so don't go bankrupt trying to buy. 
The regulators stepped in and changed the law in a way that caused the volatility. The COMMEX broke contract with its customers in order to stop one specific customer from being what? a customer? 
The only thing the Hunts did wrong in my opinion was to get greedy and buy on leverage. If they had not done that they would not have gone Bankrupt and so the COMMEX would have done them a favor by crashing the price of silver. 
What goldman sachs is doing is just another example of regulation/laws causing the problem that you supposedly need the regulators for. 
The US government has cornered very many markets and they have abused that power by creating and supporting cartels. These are the people you want regulating things? Take away all the government support for goldman sachs. All the licences that restrict competitors, all the subsidies and the direct lines of credit from the central bank. Then see how well they corner markets. 
Could you give a single example of a monopoly that isn't the benefactor of laws eliminating competition or subsidies? 
@_date: 2014-04-04 22:07:33
China has been Fascist for quite some time now :P
@_date: 2014-07-28 11:26:29


Well, if you are transferring out of the bank then there needs to be a penalty because the bank has taken the currency and invested it and those investments may require time in order to reach their full value or simply cannot be called in early. But if 2 people use the same bank then person A is able to transfer their balance to person B without the bank having to call in their investments since all the bank would need to do is change their own ledger to credit B and take away credit from A. Whether this is fraud or not depends on whether its reported to B that whats being used as payment is a credit (B must be willing to accept a credit not just for the amount but from the particular institution) 
Apart from that I have no issues with what you are saying. The system is unstable, prone to centralization corruption and fraud. Just not fraud or corrupt by definition. The same can be said about the stock market. 
I wouldn't ban stocks just because they are all destined to fail but thats what people are arguing for when they call FRB fraud. My ideal system is one that has FRB not because I want to use it (I think ripple (the system not the currency) / equity / vendor financing is better for loans) but because I want there to be as much competition as possible and in the absence of legal tender law I fear honest (adequately reported) FRB about as much as I fear the lottery. 
@_date: 2014-12-22 18:55:52
Its more capital than capitalism but he could be talking about the consensus mechanism. The process of competing for control of the network based on your input of resources. A centrally planned bitcoin would be completely unnecessary. 
@_date: 2014-01-02 08:18:24
This bankrupts the hunt brothers.
@_date: 2014-02-21 22:55:10
What do you mean by "right"?
@_date: 2014-02-25 09:20:58
The court system used by modern governments came out of the free market. They where originally designed as a way to side step the petty rulings of feudal lords and the rent seeking behavior that made trade (and even personal well being) possible on a world wide scale. Originally for a court to have any legitimacy both parties would agree to use them as an independent arbiter. This is how international business disputes are handled today between large corporations: They don't rely on the rulings of national courts because its well known that there is no way to get a fair ruling that way. Paypal would be another example of a dispute resolution organisation. The neat thing about these organisations is that you can decide to say fuck you to them and not give them any business. You don't have to do anything to not give them your money. courts today are like what paypal would be if you had to pay them no matter what they are a corruption of something far more useful. Also if you gave paypal an military and police force...
The revolutionary thing is not what the private sector does vs what the state does. The state is capable of doing anything the private sector can do and the private sector can do anything the state can do (except those things that would by definition make an individual or institution be an agent of the other) The revolutionary thing is in the incentives that competition and the ability for the "customer" to walk away creates. 
When a government gives you a shitty product you have to pay for it anyway even if its something you really don't like for instance killing children in countries you are only vaguely aware of because the government's nation building and resource grabbing went bad. Being able to say no and actually not pay a cent to the things that you don't want has had an enormous positive impact on the world as it is today. I could give you list of things that have been made great by breaking the national monopoly but I'm not exactly sure how interested you are. 


I believe that national currencies impoverish everyone who uses them for the benefit of the money printers and people first in line for the new money. Billions of dollars are being lent into existence every month and through inflation or taxation on capital gains this amounts to an equivalent transfer of wealth away from normal people to bankers, wall-street and everyother institution that ranks in power above the "normal people". The only way this system can remain in place is that a large amount of coercion is used to keep it that way. I don't need to convince you to use bitcoin. I really don't give a fuck what currency you want to use. I just don't support you or anyone being coerced (through legal tender law: biased arbitration of financial conflict [yeah those corrupt courts again] and taxation denominated in a monopoly money) this means I am against forcing you to use gold as money or bitcoin or anything. I would hope that you would extend the same support to me for the currencies I don't want. But if you must have the economic argument then I think Andreas antonopoulos puts it best when he says there is 50 years of pent up financial innovation that bitcoin is going to unleash. 
@_date: 2014-10-16 20:41:08
The problem is that up until now there has been no way for the masses to come to a decision. Individuals make decisions but they have to expect that they will be completely outnumbered unless they take on the roll of directing the masses themselves. Sure social change can spread as a meme but actual change occurs when people take action and the people who act first will be outnumbered or will have to direct the actions of others. The problem with this is that anyone acting to direct the actions of others has also set themselves up with the tools needed to become a master. They may be able to direct the masses to create change that most people want but they have this power to direct change for what they want as individuals. 
It would be nice if we had some way to form a consensus without the need to centralize the decision making. Perhaps some form of distributed consensus network... 
@_date: 2014-12-03 06:06:23
And when its the government funding terrorism?
@_date: 2014-09-06 11:26:50
Free speech means no one is stopping you from speaking to those who want to listen. It doesn't mean people have to listen. 
Namecoin is what it is. I think its a terrible system but it is still free speech. Your inability to be able to do anything about it if someone squats the name you want confirms that :P The key is to move on to a better system and not to waste time trying to sensor what is essentially a string of numbers that only has value because people associate it with something else of value. A good solution would be a distributed reputation system that is built with a domain name system so that squatters can be easily identified. At that point you wont care if the phone book contains a few more people with your name: it has your name and an easy way to verify which is you.
@_date: 2014-02-08 11:14:01
I really love your app. I was wondering if you could add the ability to pop up a qr code with the download link in the about page instead of just a link that way when I show the app to people I can just have them scan the code to get it up and running on their phone without them having to type the url into their browser or search for it. This will make it easier for your fungus to spread :) 
@_date: 2014-03-10 05:27:32
Anarcho capitalism isn't free of restrictions. There are 2 rather obvious restrictions: a restriction on initiating force or the threat of it to impose rules on people and a restriction on taking other peoples stuff without their permission including fraudulently. Since this ponzi has an element of fraud involved even in an ancap society the victims would have the right to take their money back although just like in a statist world that isn't possible if they give their money to a completely anonymous person on the internet.  
@_date: 2014-02-08 04:30:47
You will still need to know the payment was from them when it turns up so you can return their money and not confuse the transaction with someone else making a payment. 
@_date: 2014-03-04 11:34:53
@_date: 2014-04-12 01:34:03
So disappointing that BBQcoin is not proof of stake.
@_date: 2014-07-28 08:54:41


or using another financial instrument as the fractional reserve note 
@_date: 2014-10-06 07:38:45


What else would you buy? 
@_date: 2014-03-08 04:04:44
You know its possible that their search results are different from yours due to the way Google ranks its results based on country of origin and personal data. You should give him the link that way you win the argument.  
@_date: 2014-02-11 07:07:20
@_date: 2014-07-03 07:07:49
No there is another *definition* of inflation which is "an increase in the supply". Its really in the name: the supply is inflated like a balloon. *Increasing* prices is often associated with inflation of the this (first) definition because increased supply, if it is faster than demand results in higher prices. So much so that over time the term inflation has *come to mean* higher prices. But you are correct increased supply does not inherently cause higher prices. You are incorrect to argue that there are not 2 definitions since the other definition is more correct in terms of etymology if not popularity.  
@_date: 2014-12-03 21:34:04
Thats not what a pyramid scheme is. If it was all currencies are
@_date: 2014-03-31 07:06:32
Rich: yes, their opinion matters because their decisions can effect the bitcoin market: directing money into bitcoin and bitcoin start-ups/businesses. 
White: [who cares](
@_date: 2014-10-18 01:45:47
- A communication network is a way of physically transmitting data. It has a topology which is the way in which devices are physically connected to each other.
- A mesh network is a topology of a *communication network*. Its a way of connecting physical devices together for communication.
- A distributed system is software that coordinates over a communication network. Distributed systems have their own typologies which is the way in which the software communicates in order to coordinate which may be different from the topology of the communication network that those messages are being sent over. 
Bitcoin as a network is just software. Sure it has to run on hardware and that hardware has to communicate in order for bitcoin to function but when you talk about bitcoin you are just talking about how the software interacts. 
Bitcoin the network has a decentralized topology. That is any bitcoin client can send messages to any other bitcoin client so long as its a valid message. There are no central servers that messages have to go to first in order to be sent to the rest of the network. This is also called p2p software. So yes it is the same topology as bittorrent and it is the same type of network (a software one) its also the same topology as a mesh network but its not the same type of network (you are not talking about how hardware is connected together but how software is) 
This distinction might get a little confusing when you consider that mesh networks rely heavily on distributed systems in order to function (you might have a bunch of physical devices that are capable of communicating directly, such as smart phones, but they dont until you have software on each of them that coordinates the communication: makes the device listen for messages and relay them) 
 
@_date: 2014-02-10 08:19:49
The fairytail is that they exist to prevent a company with a monopoly in one market from using that monopoly to undercut and then monopolize another market.
The reality is that monopolies are the result of barriers to entry like licencing and subsidies or outright banning of competition. Anti trust laws are subject to a form of regulatory capture where by an existing monopoly for instance an established airline uses the anti trust laws to prevent the only real competition that they might have from entering the same market and competing with them. The only real competition being another well established company with the capital needed to make a large enough investment to break into a market with a high cost of capital and regulatory burden. 
@_date: 2014-01-10 09:37:46


I hope you're not saying there is no way to prove a bitcoin transaction...
@_date: 2014-02-25 06:20:41
If people take their money back from him because he stole it then how would that contradict free market principles? Even the most anarchist of libertarians still believe in the usefulness of things like courts and debt collections. They just don't think its a good idea to give those organisations any more power than you would grant an individual: ie if its wrong for an individual to take other peoples stuff under the threat of force than its wrong for an institution like a government. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 09:11:56
[There Is No Nobel Prize in Economics](
Perhaps he could get a peace prize like Obama. 
@_date: 2014-02-20 08:58:18
All the public keys as well as the details about how many signatures are needed are hashed to produce 1 address. You can sen funds to that address just like any other address but to get funds out the script that was used to generate the address is included in the transaction as well as the signatures from the required keys. Each public key has its own address if used as a non-multisig key. 
Yes you could use this to implement a 2factor security system but that makes more sense if you have multiple physical devices and a means to create an unsigned transaction, encode it and send it to each device to be signed separately and then injected into the network. 
@_date: 2014-04-25 02:10:43
Get back to us when there is an algorithm to determine how resources are to be allocated under a "resource based economy" until then its just a marketing campaign. Until there is actually a system we can't even criticize it because there is literally nothing to your system to analyze and compare. Your proponents cant even answer simple questions like how would you determine whether a ton of steel is better used for producing cars or spoons and by how much. The best you can say is that some magical algorithm would determine the most efficient use of the resources but there is no algorithm for it. 
The market system solves the problem of allocating resources towards where they are most wanted by aggregating information about value through voluntary exchange: when you choose one action over another you are communicating that you *value* one thing over another. The more people value resources for a particular use the more those resources will be priced higher for that purpose and the more resources tend to move towards that purpose and the more incentive there is to find alternatives to meet the same needs. This is the economic calculation problem and its not about whether its possible to calculate how resources can be used efficiently in terms of material effectiveness but about efficiency in terms of satisfying peoples *values*. 
It may be more "efficient" for everyone to eat the artificial food substitute soylant but thats not what people *want*. Anyone proposing an economic system that ignores people desires and rejects the concept of economic efficiency in terms of market pricing has to have some protocol to replace it. For the Resource based economy what is that protocol? How do we know the algorithm isn't going to decide that its most efficient to starve to death large subsets of the population as so many planned economies of the past that have been put forward as the scientific solution to all our problems? Where is the source code to this grand and revolutionary economic system?  
@_date: 2014-01-26 12:55:39
Depends on the country and whether the child received private or government education...
@_date: 2014-09-23 09:33:42
How many Autonomous cars will have a bitcoin wallet and pay for their fuel/power and servicing with bitcoin? 
@_date: 2014-05-20 06:30:20


and trust a certificate authority... a government? 
@_date: 2014-04-28 20:09:59
I really dont know much about it. Someone tipped me some in the hope that if I held it then I would become a supporter. It has an interesting PoW and was marketed pretty hard but other than that its pretty meh
@_date: 2014-02-08 04:11:55
Yes both parties are responsible for protecting their privacy. The customer for their privacy and the business for the privacy of all of their customers. 
People are lazy. They are not likely to go to the effort where as the retailer doing it solves the problem for all customers. Its still not an obligation but its the more efficient outcome. 
Also the business is the only one that can hide the fact that the payment was made in bitcoin since using the same address is broadcasting the fact everywhere so that even someone across the street can see that this person used bitcoin and not a credit card.
Another problem could be if the customer is using a non-standard client and does not include a fee: it will be much easier to prove the customer's payment has come in an hour later if its on a different address. Otherwise you will have to get the sending address info from each customer just in case. 
@_date: 2014-05-31 23:51:09
How do you make a small fortune in bitcoin? start with a large fortune in bitcoin and buy ASICs.
@_date: 2014-01-08 05:44:20
Peercoin does not have code that forces chain consensus. but bitcoin and litecoin and all other forks of bitcoin have alert messages. They where used to inform the pools when bitcoin forked due to a block being mined over the soft limit. These alert messages have been part of the default client since the beginning. There is nothing stopping anyone on the network (bitcoin, litrecoin or otherwise) from implementing the same "checkpointing" system around those messages that is enabled by peercoin because its not a part of the protocol its behavior decided by each client. There is nothing you can do to stop the same tool being added to litecoin (oh no!) heaven forbid that under a 51% attack the holders of the currency could come to a consensus to reject the attackers fork. 
@_date: 2014-08-16 02:09:36


If they use the BFL strategy then they will be ready to ship once they are marginally profitable to mine with.
@_date: 2014-01-08 05:52:19
show me the code
@_date: 2014-04-11 23:54:37
Only if you are trading. If you are buying goods and services when those goods and services are more valuable to you than the money and the seller values the money more than the cost of providing the service then both win. 
@_date: 2014-01-17 08:21:06


A currency unit is a good. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 09:42:41
I have done this too. Its funny though. I feel like Ive taken a hit out on myself for the value of my crypto-currency holdings. 
@_date: 2014-09-19 06:11:52
Aliens with quantum super computers can literally own bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-06-14 06:05:54
You can't see the Forrest for the trees.
@_date: 2014-11-28 06:16:39
As it should be. What it should not be is a central bank currency ie a currency people are forced to use. 
@_date: 2014-07-22 05:46:11
Yeah each one is tuned to produce a particular harmonic when struck which can be picked up by the NSA chip attached to everyones vestibulocochlear just after birth. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 10:15:58
Oh damn. Yeah major brain fart thank you.
@_date: 2014-05-31 10:53:19
If your house catches on fire with your paper wallets in it, panic.
@_date: 2014-01-17 21:37:35
Yep, hopefully they would see their keys as something that needs to be protected and backed up already. They may not be willing to buy a hardware device to separately store a PGP key just to log onto sites but they might get a hardware bitcoin wallet to protect their bitcoins and use it to log onto sites. 
@_date: 2014-01-10 20:35:58
If you ignore all the costs everything is free. 
@_date: 2014-01-24 22:36:50
Because the blockade didn't work? 
@_date: 2014-04-14 10:23:23
Micro fusion reactors are not net positive in terms of electricity in and electricity out but they all generate more energy if you include the heat generated and don't include the mass conversion...
@_date: 2014-09-05 23:59:29
Ethereum isn't those features its a system for producing those features. The point being that when some new idea for a service is thought up you can make a contract for it instead of having to modify the currency itself to allow the new feature. This comes at a cost though: in order to have enough currency to be locked up in contracts without causing a deflationary spiral ETH is a lot more inflationary (persistent linear inflation). Bitcoin is not going to be changed into an inflationary currency in order to achieve functionality that needs units being locked up in contracts constantly. I guess you could put the functionality in a side chain but there isn't a huge incentive for people to ~~invest in~~ donate to the creation of that technology because the point of side chains is to force all new and valuable things to be creators of value for bitcoin holders making the reward for the effort rather dispersed. Of course once Ethereum boots up and is tested and if it is shown to work someone could create a side chain that copies its code with less effort but by then the network effect for an Ethereum like system might be in the favor of the one that can rise and fall in value independent of bitcoin. Still huge amount of risk involved in Ethereum I did participate in the sale but only 5% of what I hold in cryptocurrency so I will be happy if it works as a system but is later integrated with bitcoin in some way anyway (I hope bitcoin does not change though since I like it the way it is) 
@_date: 2014-01-02 08:16:20
hopefully people don't confuse it with this:
@_date: 2014-02-15 03:27:08
PPC occasionally gets more profitable to mine but the difficulty adjusts faster so it becomes unprofitable faster. It is designed to be less profitable for mining to get people to process transactions using proof of stake. (or at least not waste processing power on proof of work)
@_date: 2014-02-21 20:16:25
If controlling something is not owning it then would you say having the *right* to control something is owning it: ie if people believe you *ought* to be the one who controls something? If thats the case then I think you do own bitcoin if you control the private key since bitcoin is a consensus network. The network agrees that the one with the private key (proven by signing) is the one who ought to control the funds associated with that key. You could write a currency that works just like bitcoin but that agrees that people with a special set of keys have the right to block accounts or to send funds from them or even create new funds at will. I would not use that currency but I could see a government mandating that people use it through taxation and the enforcement of debt in it. 
@_date: 2014-05-07 07:30:02
@_date: 2014-04-15 21:05:54
@_date: 2014-04-21 08:29:44
Jackie Chan's eyebrows are the new bitcoin logo?
@_date: 2014-05-02 04:35:25
I don't think Schiff is going to be convinced by arguments using the concept of network effect. There are too many examples of the first technology to market not being the most successful one. You could explain how the most valuable implementation of the bitcoin protocol is also the most secure and then explain the network effect as arising from that instead of talking about the network effect as being some sort of general principle (it isn't) I think he would get that but then point out that there is a desire to speculate on the less secure altcoins anyway because they offer the potential for higher returns. You could point out that this is a self defeating practice since there are always newer altcoins but self reinforcing value related to the security arising from popularity is not self defeating.
But still don't think these economic arguments are going to convince Schiff. I believe this because when it comes down to it I don't see Schiff as being a goldbug because he is an Austrian but an Austrian because he is a Goldbug (or more accurately a saver) and if you look carefully at the aspects of Austrian economics that he promotes, he tends to pick and choose the theory that serves his values instead of having a principled approach. The fact that he uses "intrinsic value" as a term in his arguments pretty much convinces me that he has not spent much time thinking about one of the core axioms of Austrian economics: the subjective theory of value. If he had then he would realize there is no such thing as intrinsic value. 
I do think he will come around eventually but it will be when he figures out his own way to make money from bitcoin or some way that he just *needs* it. 
@_date: 2014-01-11 20:03:26
Bitcoin the currency (BTC/XBC) does parallel to a company even if the technology (which is used by altcoins as well) does not. 
@_date: 2014-02-15 03:47:03
Even with those definitions the most widely understood meaning of the word money is that its the most widely used medium of exchange for a given economy. So in the past gold was money and paper notes where money substitutes then people used the substitutes more than the gold and silver so the paper notes became money even after they gold no longer be redeemed for gold. 
@_date: 2014-04-18 12:48:03
@_date: 2014-01-08 05:12:28
There is no net transfer of wealth. Everyone who holds the currency gets 1% so no one gains relative to other holders. Its really just an incentive to get people to process the transactions. 
@_date: 2014-01-16 11:08:03
Why not compromise and use fractions of tonal numbers... maybe huffman encode it to save bandwidth while your at it. 
@_date: 2014-03-29 21:51:27
If the attacking entity where the US government how much power would they have to coerce or bribe Intel? I'm thinking that just withholding a handful of patent applications on the one hand or buckets of cash on the other could do the trick... 
@_date: 2014-06-14 05:00:33


An address is a check encoded hash of an encumbrance. It identifies what needs to happen in order to create an output from an input. This is analogous to an account in the well defined context in which people use it in that the encumbrance of a "real world" transaction is for the most part the identification of an individual where as in bitcoin its usually proof of control/knowledge of a private key mathematically associated with the hashed public key. 


An input *is* an output of a previous transaction or at least a reference to it.


No it doesn't. The word balance just applies to something you are *measuring*. When I open a bank I have not yet made any transactions but its still valid to say I have a bank balance. When I start deposits but have not yet any withdrawals its still valid to say I have a balance. You don't need transactions both ways. 
You could argue that there are no "bitcoins" to balance and argue that people should stop using the word bitcoin as a measurement since what you really have is a collection of transactions. But then the balance is of the transactions that have the same encumbrance. "The balance of this address is 100" is far more appropriate than "I have 100 bitcoins" Are you going to make that argument? 
Honestly if you want to be pedantic why not argue that the word balance only applies to physical objects that have a physical *weight* that can actually be *balanced* [on one of these]( Words change over time. Get used to it. 
@_date: 2014-01-16 07:23:20
Are you saying that everyone is free to build their own networks without any licencing restrictions and people are not taxed and that money used to build telecommunications infrastructure (forcing people to pay for what the politicians decide should be the winner)? 
@_date: 2014-04-02 09:14:10
Well, he didn't accept the tip (expired) so his indifference becomes your fortune :)
+$20 ppc
@_date: 2014-04-21 08:48:57
You should probably spend some time in and learn the basics.
@_date: 2014-12-13 10:55:50
You would sell the gold long before you bring it back, to people who consume gold in their industry: the electronics industry and any industry that requires chemical resistant coating or infra-red shielding (think gold coated windows). It works better for platinum because its such a good catalyst that the savings in the chemical industry would justify paying a princely sum to have an almost unlimited supply. I'm sure the oil/plastics/fertilizer/explosives/pharma would pre-buy quite a lot of platinum just to reduce their costs for the period of time between the first asteroid mined and the next.  
If the price was driven down to nothing after the project gets going then that would actually be fantastic for the asteroid mining company as they would be able to fill all their contracts for nothing and put off the asteroid mining until a new price level is found that justifies the mission, mean while they made all that money... 
@_date: 2014-04-28 09:25:40
+all qrk 
@_date: 2014-04-08 08:39:59
More like: First you fight the British, then you fight with the British, then you stop fighting and become a pacifist,  then the British empire suffers an economic collapse due to wasting the resources of its subjects on empire building, then they pull out, then the British find you inspiring, then you win. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 09:20:23
It seems much simpler to raise money using equity / vendor financing in a deflationary currency but its still possible to have a bond market over a deflationary currency. Interest rates would just be incredibly low (covering risk with enough incentive to get people to lend) and you would need to have a clause in there for another financial asset to be accepted if the deflationary one becomes too scares/expensive. Under the gold standard it was common to offer payment in either gold *or* silver *or* insert commodity or financial asset here at some pre-determined exchange rate. In the long run though bitcoin's price has to stabilize at some steady and tiny (value) deflation rate otherwise there would not be enough stuff that could be bought with it (a scenario where 1 BTC buys the whole worlds economic output isn't going to happen) something associated with economic and population growth seems plausible to me. So if its price grew by 1%-2%pa matching population growth then a business just needs to make a few percentage points to pay back its loans if it can operate at very low risk. 
I don't know what OPs problem with fractional reserve lending is though. As soon as a bond market develops you are going to have individuals and companies holding those bonds as assets on their books and one way or another some financial instrument is going to do the same job as a fractional reserve note. Whether or not thats fraud doesn't depends on whether things are being reported honestly not that companies/banks have fractional reserves which when it comes down to it just means that some of their reserves are credit owed to them.
@_date: 2014-01-18 02:08:40
That would just push up the price so the remaining bitcoins in circulation would be more than enough to trade all the things that people would trade for using bitcoin. A fork might be needed to increase the number of digits bitcoin can be divided up into but thats ok. It would make a lot of the current holders very rich and if they just kept doing it then they would eventually destroy the fiat currency they issue through hyper-inflation. They would not be able to buy all of the bitcoins because there will always be people who simply wont sell just as there are people who will not sell their gold and silver during inflationary periods in the past. 
If one central bank did this I would expect all of them to do it once the information gets out. I would probably sell most of my bitcoins for other assets like property, businesses and commodities once I think all of the central banks that are likely to buy have bought. I would also buy some of the more recognizable altcoins as well since if they have not been pushed up to ridiculous prices then they are unlikely to be pushed down again. 
I don't think bitcoin can go up in price forever. At some point people start to feel rich or they have to spend to for-fill their needs. There really isn't a point in owning bitcoin if your not going to spend it at some point. Yes it will be harder to pry money out of people wallets but thats a good thing. It means less resources wasted on producing useless crap. Busness will have to be constantly making better products and not just relying on peoples impulse to offload currency that is being rotted away by inflation. 
@_date: 2014-01-16 06:51:14
Don't use bitcoin if you think this is a problem. Simple as that. You could even fork bitcoin or build a meta currency on bitcoin that has a crony in charge or figure out some automatic or distributed voting  way to manage the currency supply and fees. 
If this is a problem its only a problem for the people who choose bitcoin. Now when it comes to the fed there are a lot of people who see big problems with how they run things and what they are. I could ask you:


That correction being in the form of bail ins, increased taxes, higher interest rates, price controls etc etc all things that have devastating impacts on the lives of people who for the most part are not the cause of fluctuations in the value of the national currency and when things go the other way and there is increased economic activity underpinning the value of the currency you get inflation, selective lowering of taxes, low interest rates (debt based creation of money always benefits those closest to the source of the new money as they get to spend it before the value of it is forced down) 
@_date: 2014-06-07 23:17:50
Could miners share information about the blockheaders they are hashing to see if they are hashing a blockheader that has its previous hash equal to the longest known chain?
@_date: 2014-06-08 11:26:03
Why is it that explorers get eaten by exotic animals? They are the ones making the new territory safe by figuring out all the strange and interesting ways to die in it. How else would we know that wading across crocodile infested rivers is a bad idea so that the people who follow can build bridges and the people after that can marvel at how foolish the explorers where to get torn apart by those friendly looking hippos behind the electric fence...  
@_date: 2014-02-01 03:36:56


he said *more* evenly distributed. So compare it to central banking ad the distribution of wealth that creates. Sure someone could buy up a whole bunch of bitcoins at the start but once they spend them they can't print more without doing the same work everyone else does or by taking the risk of investing. Also people who are left out of the bitcoin markets because they found out about it late can always create their own currency and grow their own market around it. 
@_date: 2014-04-08 11:10:03
Randian Objectivist is a rather narrow set within the group of people who call themselves Libertarian. In any case you grossly misrepresent Rand's view on charity. She sore it as destructive to the recipient: that it robs people of their self determination basically reducing them in power to the level of livestock. If she hated the poor then she would (believing that charity was destructive to them) support charity as a means of fostering that dependence. Sort of like how a farmer would support feeding wild animals in the process of domestication. 
As for only doing charity if its in your own interest, that simply means you do it if you want to do it. If you enjoy it or if you enjoy the idea of helping others. I would really like to see you with a citation on Rand being against charity as a form of investment in people who will benefit from it (become more productive and independent) or a logical explanation as to why people ought to do charity they don't want to do (and why that would even be charity) 
I am in no means a Randian since I am an anarchist and Rand was very much in support of a state to control peoples disputes, enforce copyrights and patents (another thing I am against), to do military and police and basically have the means to control your entire life but for some strange reason limit themselves to just doing what they are "supposed to do" ie the constitution. 
As for satoshi there are hints at him being libertarian and certainly the technology (a consensus network) is by its very nature (voluntary agreement) the embodiment of libertarian and indeed anarchist ideals. Nothing I have seen proves conclusively that he is libertarian. It doesn't really matter anyway. He could be the CIA for all it matters: consensus networks are out of the bag now. 
@_date: 2014-04-08 08:33:13
Sure its stable... so long as you don't measure it against anything consistently. (other than other national currencies)
@_date: 2014-12-03 10:39:33
If their other customers reacted the way I did and completely stopped using them as soon as they applied it. They really had no choice but to relocate or shut down. 
@_date: 2014-02-11 05:01:46
My foster brothers used to hold me down and poke me hard in the chest like they where typing on a typewriter then they would slap me in the side of the face and yell BING! just like an old fashioned typewriter.
@_date: 2014-02-16 03:20:38
I'd the way you are describing it I have no qualms. I would not call bitcoin money simply because its not the most widely used currency even for the internet. And because people don't quite use it as a unit of account (we don't look at a laptop for 1 BTC and immediately know if its cheap or not without referring back to our local currencies) but that could easily change. When I trade altcoins everything is priced in BTC and I have a general idea if an altcoin is cheap based on its price and whether the sentiment of that currency matches the sentiment of bitcoin. Given enough time and a leveling off of the growth of bitcoin and a lowering of volatility I could see a day when I price everything in BTC. To me I actually hope for a day when there is no monopoly currency. Where there is a most widely used medium of account but not one currency that is used the most. With the right software we can use whatever currency we like and denominate it an whatever we like anyway. I'm still a pretty big goldbug, If the counterparty risk in creating a gold backed digital currency was sorted out that would be good. 


yeah, until it finishes growing I doubt you will see people wanting to borrow money denominated in bitcoin too. You will see equity raising but you would be pretty nuts to promise to pay back a bitcoin a year from now not knowing what it will be worth.
When bitcoin gets big enough I would expect price deflation in inflationary adjusted terms to match wider economic growth. Under those conditions it should be profitable to lend and borrow BTC for investment assuming those investments are sound.  
@_date: 2014-06-14 01:55:53
Do you apply this "logic" to double entry book keeping as well? Your bank balance is calculated from inputs and outputs of financial transactions in the same way and it is called a "balance" because of the way in which it used to be calculated: using a set of balancing scales adding the wights of the assets to one side and liabilities to the other then adding standard weights to one side until the scales balance out and the measured weights are counted as the "balance" or the amount needed to balance out the trade one way or the other. Not only is the word balance applicable it is really only applicable to this kind of abstraction: if I just have an amount of commodities in my possession then there is no "balance" only an amount but when dealing with a ledger there is an amount given and an amount taken to balance out.  
@_date: 2014-09-19 23:24:10
If they could break the crypto fast enough then they could just intercept transactions before they get into blocks and then flood the network with new transactions with the recovered keys. Hopefully an efficient quantum safe public key system is added before that become practice but who knows what might already be practical to an advanced alien race. 
@_date: 2014-05-11 02:59:30
Don't feed the hand that bites you...
@_date: 2014-01-06 07:15:33
you may want to look at freenet 
@_date: 2014-04-13 05:59:49
[Vote Vermin Supreme](
@_date: 2014-07-20 07:07:29
How does the constitution make the supreme court do that?  
@_date: 2014-04-13 06:53:24
[How about we make it gold instead of black](
@_date: 2014-07-20 02:30:14
how would it do that? 
@_date: 2014-01-08 05:50:49
The 0.01 fee is currently my main gripe with the ppc protocol. I think the fee has done its job in keeping dust out of the blockchain but it has done so at a much lower market price. Now the price is 100 times what it was when I first looked at Peercoin I could see a case for lowering the fee a couple of decimal points right now. In the long run I'd like to see a stake based voting system (everyone who mints a block votes the fee up or down based on what percentage of the currency they hold) so you wouldn't have to fork to get the change applied. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 07:08:51
Still seems pretty risky to setup your operations within a galaxy when the web of intergalactic hydrogen sums to a greater volume than the matter within galaxies and its just sitting there waiting for a fusion powered replicator to convert it into both the energy and the matter needed to generate more replicators. 
@_date: 2014-03-05 11:23:23
I can see this costing the victim pool more than the attacker pool but I don't see how it would result in the attacker pool earning more since their chances of finding a block remain the same regardless of whether anyone else finds a block (until there is a difficulty adjustment but then the difficulty is reduced for everyone even the pools that have nothing to do with the attacker) 
@_date: 2014-01-16 07:14:30
How about letting the customers pick winners and losers. 
@_date: 2014-04-04 22:06:40


It is if you are still buying.
@_date: 2014-02-14 09:00:52
A ripple gateway might be a little easier.
@_date: 2014-01-17 07:47:37
If I could travel back in time I'd go back just before bitgold was completed and release a functional but not too futuristic looking clone under a different name and just solo mine with a few computers from the historical period. Only taking say 10% so that other people will get some and in being so invested promote the currency. Once the mining is done simply return to the future with your keys to capitalize on the gains.  
@_date: 2014-03-07 05:21:42
@_date: 2014-12-13 10:57:52
because its a really easy problem to solve using futures markets. 
@_date: 2014-01-16 09:33:09
I understand what it is, I just think its bad. You can't use the government to provide net neutrality since the government itself is an organisation that has just as much interest in controlling the content people have access to. Laws are chosen by special interest groups not "the people" putting the power to regulate internet traffic in the hands of the government means putting it in the  hands of corporations. The fastest way the get to the locked down one to many model of internet content is to go back to a time when the government has a say on what can and cant be sent over networks, what can and cant be prioritized. The internet is valuable because it is unregulated. I know you fear a time when companies decide what you can and cant view in order to push onto you the content that they find most profitable but the only way they can get that power is through the state. cast the one ring into the fire damnit it cant be used for good.  
@_date: 2014-04-05 00:01:29
Bitcoin would do quite well relative to gold and especially platinum once people start mining asteroids though. 
@_date: 2014-04-14 07:47:19
Even bitcoin itself could be considered that form of government.
@_date: 2014-02-25 06:29:13
How would a government do better? 
@_date: 2014-05-15 07:24:02
+0.55358 ppc
@_date: 2014-04-29 08:35:32
Is it possible to exclude all comments from ALTcointip and the various other tip bots? 
@_date: 2014-10-14 11:40:56
You still need to sell some bitcoins or at least not buy or mine them all. You would be better off just taking the original source code and white paper back and contacting the original developers a little before they would have developed it, change its name from bitgold to bitcoin, increase the money supply from the nice round 20 million to 21 million to compensate for the coins you mine and then disappear back to the future when its no longer safe (say when the CIA starts getting interested). 
@_date: 2014-10-02 06:06:10
The debate he is talking about:


@_date: 2014-03-01 02:46:51
That cry was there from the beginning from the subset of the bitcoin community that always wanted totalitarian controls and will only increase as more people who want politicians to control bitcoin and the surrounding marketplace adopt it. 
@_date: 2014-04-18 12:09:50


sure, there was more regulation involved than just easy money policy. 


How are you going to stop people doing reckless things with money when your main goal is to throw money at them until they spend it? Banks are spenders too and once they run out of safe investments and you continue to dump buckets of cash on them its inevitable that they will build new ways to gamble with it. The fact that the government was also writing other laws and creating institutions to help them with that doesn't eliminate the responsibility. Just because you have more than one person in the firing squad doesn't take away the fact that all of the members are willing participants. Low interest rates flood the market with high risk investments diverting resources away from what they would otherwise do with their money. 


lol, what about greedy politicians and the greedy general public? You can't expect to get rid of greed while the same time throwing money at people to get them to spend in gluttonous orgies of consumption. 


Recessions are measured by growth in GDP which is agnostic to actual improvements in standard of living. I could burn your house down so you have to spend what you have saved (or in the case of borrowing: what the Chinese have saved) and that would add to the nations GDP. You are just consuming ~~your~~ capital and calling it growth when you punish people who save in order to get people to spend. 


I wouldn't say I'm for high interest rates either. I'm for interest rates being determined by peoples willingness to invest absent state subsidies and protections. Without their influence people would have to put actual though into whether or not their investments are going to consume capital or not. Without market prices on interest rates how the hell do you know whether your economy is doing well or not? You have no objective measure of value since your measuring stick is always diminishing to force people to use it. 


That's a pretty defeatist attitude. I cant think of a single thing politicians do better than free people other than things like torture, war and creating monopolies. 
No doubt if you lived in communist Russia you would argue for government made bread? There have always been people who can't believe that X can be done without the state but more often than not X was being produced just fine before it was taken over and run into the ground by the state. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 10:51:06
Yeah, my attention is pretty focused on something else right now. I should have just deleted and come back tomorrow or replaced it with a link to wikipedia on the history of the word (if you don't read down to there you would get the impression that there is only one meaning). I am normally not this derped
@_date: 2014-09-05 05:59:17
[well, there is this...](
@_date: 2014-10-16 09:50:59
Bitcoin miners process all the transactions on the network. They are in competition with each other because they get bitcoins  as a reward (this is how the currency is minted) The competition is a lottery: the miners create a random number based on a block of transactions (they create a block by listening for transactions on the p2p network) and if the random number is bellow a certain value then their block is accepted by the network if its a valid block. It takes energy and computer processing time to perform the calculation that gets you the random number, this is the cost of a ticket. To increase their chances of winning ("finding a block") miners perform this calculation very many times. The network adjusts the chances of finding a block so that the same number of blocks are found on average (1 every 10 minutes) no matter how much computing power is thrown at the problem.
The reason for this is to make it expensive to be the one that controls the network in such a way that control has to be spread out over many people. That way an attacker who might want to prevent transactions from going through will find to too expensive relative to what they would gain from just cooperating. 
@_date: 2014-04-26 21:51:45
Bitcoin doesn't care: Its floating on top of the sign.
@_date: 2014-04-14 07:35:27


I've seen and read about lots of cases of spontaneous voluntary community organisation but I have never seen it called government, at least not until the institutions morph into organisations that go from leading to ruling. I see it more as the organisations that call themselves government trying to cover up the fact that they are violent or to rationalize it some way than a corruption of the word from a voluntary form of order to a coercive one but I suppose its possible if not likely: the word anarchy has been corrupted in a similar way since the word means "against rulers" or "against the use of force as a means of social control" yet most people hear the word and think violence and disorder, although that could be because a lot of people if not the majority of them who label themselves anarchists are actually not against the use of force but rather the current ruling government and if they where to succeed the end result would be just another violent group of people in power... nothing like a philosophically consistent rejection of violence as a way to solve problems. (I'm an anarchist who likes to consider myself consistent although the leftist anarchists would accuse me of being blind to inequality of wealth which they consider to be coercive I just don't see how you can have both equality of law and of outcomes since everyone is different and making them all equal would mean inevitably giving the more productive less legal rights (not giving them the right to their own labor)) 


That's probably the most common misconception anarchists face. Just because you are against using threats of force to acquire funds to pay for something that we all need doesn't mean you are *against having* that thing that we all need. Another problem is that because you don't want to force people to do things in one particular way you might see the same problem being solved in many different potential ways. What was once a relatively simple choice: say in communist Russia the government provides you with bread and there is only one choice. Take away the government doing that in peoples minds and then after you convince them that there can still be bread without the government they will immediately want to know what sort of bread there will be and the correct answer is "whatever types of bread people are willing to pay for given the resources available"  yet that is completely unsatisfactory to people who have never had choice before. Replace bread with roads, education, health care, dispute resolution etc and you have a lot of trouble explaining what a free society would look like (because you cant: only that it will be better because you would get what people choose) A lot of time anarchists look to the past to see how things where done before governments took things over. For instance before public education there where schools that where far cheaper and better than what we have today, there where mutual aid societies that catered to the medical needs of the middle class and poor far better than what we have now (given the level of technology available at the time) but those are just individual choices people could make and may not make again in the future given new technology and new culture. 
@_date: 2014-02-22 05:32:44
How can you have an exclusive right to control something when a 3rd party (law writers) gives you that right? Isn't the control in the hands of the state under that definition? Why not just use the word law if its a legal relationship?
@_date: 2014-12-03 10:30:32


which is offset by the demand for bitcoin. You are as bad as the goldbugs pointing out that the USD has doubled M1 in a few years thinking that nominal inflation matters when the asset backing or demand for a currency rises to match. Inflation of bitcoin is well known. It might be the most well documented and controlled inflation of a currency in history and you are pointing it out like we dont know. 


For the people who made the transaction it was a $0.01 transaction. Nothing you say demonstrates that they payed any other hidden fees. 


I don't mind you not taking me seriously when you struggle to make an argument. 
I was mocking your bringing in of hidden costs to a situation that is too brief to account for count them. If you want to deny that the US government is being corrupted by its own monetary policy then fine but that actually puts you on the lunatic fringe these days. 
@_date: 2014-08-20 07:19:55
I'm pretty sure he meant a drop in the value of USDs which is a reasonable thing to expect from QE. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 09:36:17


Because I am potato today!
@_date: 2014-12-20 21:01:44
Why not build your own p2p network that allows owners of a bitcoin address with a balance or one that has paid fees in the past, to have a certain amount of data sent over it per hour. I'm sure lots of people would want to participate in a bitmessage fork that uses investment in bitcoin as the spam filter rather than PoW. Since you are not doing PoW on the messages you can send them instantly (signed with a key associated with an address that fits your protocol or with a key that is signed with one you can distribute "invites")
@_date: 2014-01-01 11:53:48
@_date: 2014-01-03 21:48:01
Which is why the richest people in the world are all nerds.
@_date: 2014-05-20 06:37:22
Tulip mania was a speculative bubble that had many causes. The primary cause being the Austrian business cycle: the dutch government was inflating their currency. Tulips had been a good store of value for generations up until that point (just like gold but Holland is pretty short on the precious) There was more than just the perception of tulips having value for extended periods of time but also an expectation that the tulip futures market would be rigged by government policy: people expected to get bailouts when their futures contracts went bad so they engaged in speculation they would have otherwise not taken the risk for without state intervention. 
Are you seriously comparing bitcoin pricing to tulip mania without doing a competent economic analysis to compare the actual causes and effects of each situation?   
@_date: 2014-03-31 09:11:37
oh boy...
+$20 ppc
@_date: 2014-10-17 23:22:51
We don't believe what they say because we see what they do. 
@_date: 2014-05-22 09:44:47
If you cut costs you can also lower prices and that would expand your revenue to an extent.
@_date: 2014-05-06 08:07:41
I would rather you put it in your own words. You support it: you should at least know what it is.
@_date: 2014-05-27 12:11:30
[Electrum]( would be a better example of a *natural* alloy.  
@_date: 2014-05-24 04:53:20
Thor's ebattery is mighty powerful
@_date: 2014-04-18 08:56:18


People don't need incentives to spend any more than they need incentives to fuck. 


@_date: 2014-02-20 08:33:35
The perfect means of control that humans have accomplished so far is to create the belief in a moral rules that are so ingrained that people see breaking those rules as crime yet as the rule giver they set themselves up as an exception to those rules. To be the perfect thief one has to convince the whole world that stealing is wrong and ought to be punished yet you as the decider of what is theft are free to take whatever you wish and call it taxation. To be the perfect killer you must be able to kill and have everyone believe that the person you hunt is a wanted criminal and because they are a wanted criminal any attempt they make to defend their-selves is violence. The perfect form of counter-fitting is to convince everyone in your power that there is only one true money and it rolls off of your printing press when in reality that money is backed by the willingness of the people who borrow to hand over to you their IOU (their self created money) like its simultaneously something that has no value (even like its something to be ashamed of) and something that must at all costs be honored. They hand over one of the most precious commodities (their own good faith and willingness to slave away for years) in return for a currency that is trashed to the fullest extent possible while still maintaining the system and it all seems normal to the majority of the participants. 
How exactly does a publicly audit-able ledger compare to government (an organisation that claims the moral right to initiate force) as a means of social control? 
@_date: 2014-09-23 09:08:29
*Checks to see if the bitcoins they said they would send to the void are still [there.](
@_date: 2014-04-08 08:26:21
That's ~~capitalist~~ *fascist* as fuck. If it where capitalist he wouldn't have to justify his entry into the area since law enforcement would have no right to detain him seeing that he has committed no crime and so violating his freedom of association (a necessary prerequisite of capitalism)
@_date: 2014-05-27 12:27:50
nope because bitcoin would not represent a large enough liquidity pool.
@_date: 2014-04-07 10:14:00


Yeah but I doubt that it would be too hard to trade in and out of. Would it have trust-less exchange / cross chain transactions for trading to bitcoin?


Yeah he couldn't hide the fact that he is spending his bitcoins but people knowing where he spends his btcoins when/if he does would make it a lot easier to track him down.
If I was him I would actually start moving some funds around in known addresses but short sell bitcoin before I do that way when people panic (oh my god satoshi is unloading!!!) I could buy up more until people get the point that just because old addresses are moving doesn't mean its time to panic and sell out. I'd also buy up shares in whatever anonymizing altocoin I want to use with other means (buying with fiat or bitcoin made from shorting/trading) before moving any funds from known bitcoin addresses into the altcoin since satoshi buying a particular anonymizing altcoin would be one hell of an endorsement. 
@_date: 2014-12-03 09:16:37


I'm not sure how that negates anything I said. Yes that's how bitcoin works, roughly every 10 minutes someone finds a block that will propagate through the network and the first transaction will reward them a set amount of bitcoin. 


By agreeing to me calling it a subsidy you seem to be agreeing to my point that its not a hidden fee. 


Thats a completely different argument. Its an argument that fees will be higher later on or that the security will be lower (raw hash rate isn't really whats important but the ratio of available hashing power to bitcoin vs attackers) I'm not interested in a salad of bitcoin potential flaws unless you are interested in a salad of fiat currency flaws including the hidden cost of the inflation funded military industrial complex and police state. 
@_date: 2014-01-27 03:09:29
It was a techno-non sequitur anyway.
@_date: 2014-05-31 10:52:05
out of the brackets :P
@_date: 2014-03-31 08:38:31
and before the printing press
@_date: 2014-05-15 09:54:16
+$5 ppc
@_date: 2014-01-16 17:10:20
Why would you pay more for shittier service? you must be going with the government network... 
@_date: 2014-04-09 11:24:05


AUR but no Peercoin? pfft
@_date: 2014-05-25 09:41:09
@_date: 2014-05-01 08:56:37
I have used coinjar with no problems however I am considering diversifying my bitcoin buying options in light of NABs decision to close bank accounts of bitcoin businesses. Have you been using btradeaustralia? how does it compare for you? 
@_date: 2014-10-18 04:28:46




The defining characteristic of the internet is that it is a network of networks. An *intranet* is a network that belongs to a single organization where as the *inter*-net connects networks from different organizations. So the defining characteristic is not topology exactly. You can have a completely centralized internet both in terms of hardware and software so long as different networks are being connected with it. I think whether the internet is a meshnet is dependent on what scale you look at it. It seems to me to be a bit of a mixture of centralized and distributed bits. I could say its [distributed but not decentralized]( or somewhere in between.


I think of DNS servers more as telephone books and IP addresses as telephone numbers. The big difference is that there are far more devices out there than people and the locations are constantly changing for a lot of them. So not only would a phone book for servers be huge, it would be constantly changing. DNS servers solve this problem by having a fixed IP address so that everyone can connect to them and get the latest IP address of a server without having to download the whole record of every IP address. Packet switched networks direct a packet one way or another (or multiple ways) depending on its IP address alone since they dont know anything about domain names any more than automatic telephone switch boards know about the names of the people who use the telephone numbers they are switching the lines to connect. 
@_date: 2014-12-03 18:31:43




@_date: 2014-02-22 10:41:03


Because each step costs a fee and when the funds for a contract run out then the script terminates.
@_date: 2014-06-16 07:52:23


For a given value of *chosen*. 
@_date: 2014-06-14 04:22:15


They don't need to be in order for the *relationship* to be the same. A balance is calculated from a set of transactions. The transactions themselves don't need to refer to a balance in order for the term balance to apply. 


Thats irrelevant. An address still has a balance since you can add up the inputs and subtract outputs associated with the address. Its as simple as that. Wallets also have a balance which is the balance of all addresses. 
@_date: 2014-05-27 12:19:39
Having at least 3 months worth of cash (not literally cash) set aside for no other reason but as an emergency fund before you consider investing is a good way to make sure you can afford to lose what you save after that. As much as fiat money disgusts me I would hate even more to have to sell assets at a loss for it if I beak a spleen or something. 
@_date: 2014-06-17 08:30:37
The chips are *in* the heatsink. 
@_date: 2014-04-28 09:21:41
@_date: 2014-10-29 09:14:37
@_date: 2014-11-27 06:39:07
Somalia is about as anarchist as a collapsed church with its congregation preying for god to save them out of the rubble is atheist. 
@_date: 2014-04-14 05:56:35
Maybe if you stopped calling non violent leadership government (in order to conform to how people currently use language) people would get your point. To me what you are doing is like arguing for nonviolent rape. Yeah what you want is just like it without the force but its no longer rape or tax or government if you take away the violence. It is what you want we get that but you need to call it something else to avoid confusion
@_date: 2014-03-15 23:25:58
The cult of not following violent authority, got it.
@_date: 2014-01-23 23:39:18
If the signing algorithm gets broken wouldn't you have to completely reboot the currency since whoever has the ability to break the signing algorithm could claim all of the currency in accounts where the public key is known? could you maintain balances from bitcoin 1 in bitcoin 2 by creating a new address format in bitcoin 2 and having bitcoin 1 users send the currency to the addresses valid in bitcoin 2 (burning the amount in bitcoin 1 and making it available in the new format at the same time) if the transition was mad early enough so that the weakness in ECDSA was known but not yet economically practical to exploit could that work? 
@_date: 2014-03-07 22:21:29
1.   To get around early adopter advantage. Imagine if all of the bitcoins where made in the first day instead of being distributed over 100+ years. You would have a currency that after the first week has zero inflation. Which currency would you rather choose? One that has the initial distribution done with in the first week and is held by a few early adopters or one that is distributed over a longer period of time? 
2. Because inflation is an incentive for work. There is a valid concern about the security of bitcoin once the block reward drops to zero. In order for bitcoin to be secure it must provide enough of a reward to miners that they will mine in large enough proportion as to make shutting down the network uneconomical. However if the block rewarded is zero then transaction volume or transaction fees must keep up with the deflation of the value of the currency as a whole or the network loses security relative to everything else that could demand the hashing power (including rival networks and attackers) like it or not security is a cost and the benefit of paying that cost goes to all of the holders of a cryptocurrency. The most efficient way to have all holders of a currency pay for that cost is through inflation as inflation is a redistribution of wealth from the holders to the creators of money and in the case of bitcoin the creators of money are the ones providing security for the whole network. This is a free market solution to what would otherwise be a tragedy of the commons. Proof of stake currencies (Peercoin etc) further improve the situation by making the miners the holders so there is no net transfer of wealth that results from the inflation but the inflation still results in security while increasing the asymmetry between the cost of an attack to the cost of defense (assuming the technical aspects are implemented correctly)
3. Because an IOU is currency and often times the only currency available to perform specific desirable economic functions yet from the Austrian perspective an IOU is inflationary.
4. Equity again is often times the only currency available to perform specific desirable economic functions
5. I feel like I'm explaining the free market to a statist. The simple reason as to why people might rationally choose to use an inflationary currency is because they choose it free of coercion. Whether its store credit (a currency I see used on a daily basis) or hawalla for international remittances and exchange or the brief periods in history where fractional reserve banking was absent of legal tender law ( 
6. Rationally dealing with the irrationality of others. Its all very well for you to want to use gold or some magical zero inflation money but you don't control what other people accept. If they only sell something you want in an inflationary currency then thats the deal. You can say that they are irrational to want to do that (I think you would have to have a god like understanding of why they perform the actions they do in order to know that) but if you are better off doing the transaction than not then its rational for you to use the inflationary currency. 
@_date: 2014-04-25 02:16:07
This is true to the extent that you are free to act otherwise. To the extent that your choice is dictated by legal tender law (men with guns willing to lock you in a cage if you don't accept their notes for payment of debt and taxes) its not an *expression* of support. While it may still be a material form of support its not necessarily a moral one. 
@_date: 2014-04-02 11:54:40
[HELP]( scroll down to the link that says +accept it will create the message you need to send. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 08:48:48
I've also had no problems trusting them with large amounts of currency. 
If its a life changing amount of cryptocurrency you are trading for another cryptocurrency then I do recommend splitting up the trade into chunks and withdrawing the last one before putting the next one in. I don't trade all that often so the extra time is well worth limiting the risk. 
@_date: 2014-04-07 07:13:09
Its his money. He will do with it as he pleases. The important thing is that if he eventually spends them then he cant make more. I personally suspect he is waiting for zerocoin/zerocash: possibly helping with it before he does move his funds.
@_date: 2014-03-07 20:33:45
I was/am a goldbug btw and I liked the idea because when the price of gold goes up that gets more people to mine and when the price goes down more gold tends to get used. I see it as a dynamic self correcting system. If you fixed the supply of gold that would not only mess with that dynamic but it would also mean that in order to get the usefulness of gold as a commodity (what goldbugs call intrinsic value) you would have to take gold out of circulation as money messing with your money supply. Here is where I disagree with most goldbugs about intrinsic value (I think its a bad thing for money to be useful as for non-monetary purposes for that reason where as they tend to think that intrinsic value is necessary) They believe the *ideal* money must have intrinsic value and like you they are convinced that their own preferences are objective properties of some platonic realm of money instead of just being their own preferences for a store of value that is also useful. It makes them feel safe holding something useful which is understandable but not a refutation of the value of bitcoin.  
@_date: 2014-01-06 07:14:10
Does that mean you need the bitcoin blockchain (GBs of data) to mine it? 
@_date: 2014-09-05 05:53:12
Very tiny stargates integrated into your computerchips... 
@_date: 2014-05-13 19:03:08
To irritate OCD people.. 
@_date: 2014-10-01 08:17:18
Nope, that dude is putting a lot of work into making bitcoin more useful ([libbitcoin]( and fungible ([darkwallet]( He is not just some random speculator.
@_date: 2014-02-10 08:00:47
This is for a centralized ledger where a bank is responsible for entering transactions into the database. Its completely missing the revolutionary aspect of bitcoin which is the block-chain technology for synchronizing transactions over a distributed network using proof of work. 
@_date: 2014-03-07 19:38:36


Not exactly true. Inflation saturates demand so limited inflation is necessary for anything to have a market price but it may or may not be a reason to value something. There are libertarians who would support currencies with higher inflation rates for instance goldbugs (gold having exponential growth in supply 1-3%) I don't think there is a libertarian "ideal" its more like "use whatever currency you like" you are right about bitcoin being libertarian due to its decentralized nature though. 
@_date: 2014-05-05 07:28:52
@_date: 2014-02-15 08:01:07
Well they are measured as integers: How much does a Satoshi cost btw?
@_date: 2014-02-22 21:36:26
I have more control over a bitcoin than anything given as a privilege from a handful of politicians and their enforcers. Owning a bitcoin may not be a "right" but it achieves the goals of people who believe in rights far more effectively. 
@_date: 2014-10-31 11:05:37
Regardless of what you or I think the blockchain is for people will put data in it so long as they can do so at a cost to themselves that is low enough for what they get. 
@_date: 2014-05-22 23:17:52
Of course not necessarily. Thats why I said ~~could~~ *can*. But even if no one is going to buy more of something they still might buy more from you rather than someone else if you lower prices. Otherwise dont lower prices instead increase your profits and use the profits to increase revenue by expanding your range of product line. 
@_date: 2014-02-10 07:47:21
So in order to fight imaginary tyranny you would turn to a real tyranny. Instead of trying to force apple to be good (in your opinion) with laws that strengthen their market position (since anti trust laws prevent competition from established players in other markets from disrupting across markets) why not simply by a competitors product? 
@_date: 2014-02-01 00:27:31
XRP is just the currency used for fees just like how namecoins are used for fees. The credit network is as different to XRP as the domain name service of namecoin is different to NMC. The value of the currencies that exist on top of the ripple platform depend on the willingness of people to extend credit to other people and its all compartmentalized: you only have to trust the people you choose to trust. Ripple is a competitor for fractional reserve banking and bond markets where as bitcoin and the like are competitors to base money supplies. 
@_date: 2014-03-07 20:13:06


nope, value is subjective. Saying 0% ideal contradicts that. Who thinks its ideal? You do many libertarians do but to say its an ideal of libertarianism is to say that one is not a true libertarian if they prefer a different inflation rate. I think an inflation rate that matches economic growth but is not wealth distributive is ideal but its my ideal. Actually I think having multiple currencies each with different inflation rates in a free market is better than that too since people all have different preferences and should be able to trade freely in the currency that has the properties that they value. You are thinking like a central planner when you propose a set property of money that is the magical prefect money. 


Well thats terrible. If gold has "intrinsic value" then it would damage an economy to have the inflation halt because you can no longer satisfy the non-monetary demand for gold without deflating the currency. I don't think that goldbugs have that in mind though, I think they just want to hold something that goes up in value. They don't particularly care about golds usefulness as a currency since almost none of them use gold as a currency. They are savers. 


Don't assume what I think. Ask. I am not confusing I am asserting. A currency system fits the definition of a currency. 
Take the gold standard for example. That wasn't one currency but 3 but people think of it as one currency because thats what they where using as a medium of exchange: gold for large transactions, silver for everyday transactions and copper for change. You have to know the meta rules in order to know the economic meaning of transactions in the particular commodity. Greshems law is a testament to that. 


I am an anarchist. Its not a victory of yours to get me to admit that bitcoin has properties of an anarchist system its what I've believe since I first read the whitepaper. 
@_date: 2014-01-24 22:47:25
1) Somalia has a government
2) During the time it didn't, it did fairly well compared to the time it did.
@_date: 2014-01-04 02:51:01
That would no longer be what a lot of people consider to be government.
If you can freely choose your service provider for security, dispute resolution, roads etc then those organisations would just be companies. The distinction between a company and a government being that a government can force you to do what it wants (like give it money) where as a company has to convince you. 
@_date: 2014-06-01 06:34:26
The way I understand it, with Peercoin coinage is calculated on each input starting at 30 days and is capped at 60 days worth of coin age for the purpose of weighting the chain. You might want to keep that in mind for your calculation.
@_date: 2014-05-19 10:58:22
Anyone in your area willing to pay your dental bills for bitcoin? 
@_date: 2014-03-01 07:29:33
wouldn't it be more likely that 256 molecules move to the left (if they where constrained to moving just left or right) randomly not the whole room full of air...
@_date: 2014-02-11 10:20:53
It would be good to see the volume going in and out of an exchange as well for a measure of the health of the exchange...
@_date: 2014-02-14 08:59:31
Wasn't there more to the story, like that they where trading futures contracts on these tulips with the expectation that the government would bail them out (turn the futures contract into an options contract) if the deal went bad?
@_date: 2014-05-27 10:23:09
Maybe we should start including other animals in our calculation of wealth disparity... 
@_date: 2014-01-08 05:19:08
~~Checkpoints are like an alert message, clients listen to them but does not enforce the checkpoint by default. Users have the choice to enable the enforcement of checkpoint, but it’s a conscious choice users must take. This means the developer responsible for the checkpoint must gain community consensus before using them, developer cannot arbitrarily force a block chain reorganization onto the users. Generally speaking the checkpoint feature should not be used without 51% attack emergency. The risk of 51% denial-of-service attack on block chain is real, especially to a smaller network. In fact I wouldn’t exclude such a possibility to even bitcoin. Of course such an attack on bitcoin would likely not come from an individual due to the resource required. But it’s irresponsible to say that’s not possible. Just imagine what would happen if bitcoin stops processing transactions for a few days. The advanced checkpoint feature in xpm is specifically designed to deal with this situation. Yes the network would turn into quasi centralized mode by community consensus, however that’s obviously a lot better than admitting defeat and giving up." - Sunny King~~
It seem that this was a miss-quote taken from Sunny King talking about primecoin another altcoin he developed. Peercoin.net has been updated to remove the incorrect information: 










@_date: 2014-06-17 08:37:50
@_date: 2014-05-14 05:56:40
+$5 ppc
@_date: 2014-01-17 08:30:41
What about registering a bitcoin address then using a signed message as your authentication? 
@_date: 2014-02-12 08:17:36
If I was to speculate I'd say its very likely that satoshi is one person who has help from many people some of whom (if not Satoshi himself) are NSA. I don't believe bitcoin was an NSA project although its not out of the question, it just doesn't seem like the sort of problem the organisation would be trying to solve where as using their skills to make the regular banking system more robust is well within their skill base and what would support their existence as an organisation long term. However the individuals who make up the NSA don't have to share the same goals as the organisation at large and since this government program is a wealfair project for cryptographers and hackers you are going to have a lot of very skilled people with a lot of time on their hands in a concentrated social environment and they are going to know useful people outside the NSA who can help with their side projects as well. 
It doesn't really matter though even if it was a full blown NSA operation. Its interesting to think of what their goals might have been but as soon as it becomes an open source project its out of their hands and as intelligent as they may be they simply can't predict what would happen or if it would be in their best interest. Bitcoin could make funding governments a lot more difficult, creating governance as an application on top of a distributed network could even make their whole operation obsolete. I'm not exactly sure how they could be wanting that. 
@_date: 2015-05-22 21:18:30


Not all shareholders are like that. Some prefer capital gains over distribution. Companies that follow one strategy or another are likely to get shareholders that support the particular strategy. [Even if the top holders are funds]( those funds will tend to be growth funds holding growth assets calling for growth strategies or index funds. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 11:57:46
@_date: 2014-09-23 09:31:44
I cant speak for other people but 0.0001% of me will own a bitcoin
@_date: 2014-03-08 10:17:56
Its not that great the other way as well. An expensive commodity is likely to have people constantly innovating in ways to increase supply (see the 16-17th century price revolution where the price of gold dropped ~80% leading to all the inflationary trouble you see in an Austrian business cycle or the invention of ways to extract aluminium from bauxite) or people work to replace the commodity with something cheaper (silver being so expensive for photography no doubt lead to the development of alternatives) These developments are great if you view commodities as useful inputs for industry but as a general principle they are terrible for a currency since without stable prices for the commodity its difficult to use it as a unit of account or means to perform economic calculation. 
@_date: 2014-08-19 07:47:06
@_date: 2014-04-29 08:33:47


There has been a lot of tipping in lately and the ALTcointip auto replies in their sub which includes the words words "help", "stats" and "global_stats".
@_date: 2014-04-18 10:47:40


Why do you want to promote spending on things people don't have the resources to pay for? Didn't you learn anything from the financial crisis? 


But people save and invest more and the resources that are not going towards reckless consumerism get redirected towards what people are actually willing to spend money on bringing prices down. Instead of spending a lifetime paying off a debt people used to actually buy houses with a few years worth of pay. Making it easier to get loans isn't making it easier for people to *own* homes.


Less resources going to politicians is always a good thing. After a default a soviet style government is less able to sell the future of its population to foreign investors. Sure things are shit but thats because the reality of what happens when you give unlimited amounts of money to government becomes apparent. 
@_date: 2014-05-04 09:22:26
Just don't search for your own private key if you know which page it ought to be listed on since that would result in your key being transmitted plaintext. 
@_date: 2017-02-13 06:43:23
I like to commit every character I type.
@_date: 2014-12-03 06:16:34
That fee is paid by all existing holders of bitcoin not just the person making a transaction. If anything people who make regular transactions that hedge price volatility are strait up subsidized by the block reward.
@_date: 2015-05-13 21:45:10
Well I mean effectively resist arrest. If you did the same thing that you would against a theif. People do get shot for resisting arrest even if they don't have a weapon. But yes you could get locked in a cage also. 
@_date: 2014-07-20 09:03:52
Not until zerocash is implemented
@_date: 2014-05-07 12:00:06
I didn't say anything about the probability of hyperinflation. I think its prudent for everyone to have a well rounded understanding of economic principles (I recommend the book [Economics in one lesson by Henry Hazlitt]( since he is such a good communicator) as well as a little bit of technical knowledge about what banks and reserve banks actually do: I recommend [khanacademy's series on money and banking]( and from there keep your eyes open, come to your own conclusions and be aware of your own biases. 
I would be interested in 5 years to check back and see if you where right. Do you have some standard by which you measure the correctness of your predictions? For how long have you been sure that hyperinflation is just around the corner? 
Don't get me wrong, I would like to see the central banking monopolies disbanded because competing currencies make them irrelevant. But I don't think we can rely on them collapsing by themselves so long as there is legal tender law propping them up. 


by this I mean assume the chart to not be modeling hyperinflation which would make it a meaningless chart. In that scenario everything is going to look like [this]( regardless of whether there are better alternatives. The stock market in Zimbabwe also went parabolic even though the value of the stocks where also being destroyed. 
@_date: 2014-04-02 12:24:58
@_date: 2014-12-13 17:04:31
You can using futures contracts. Its a transfer of ownership of the finished product that is being sold not what is currently available. The whole contract could not be settled with existing supplies but that just means the price cant drop to nothing as it would be bought up and used to fill the contracts long before the supply runs out. Your statement makes no sense, there are lots of things that are sold where the amount sold is more than exists in the current moment in time: any new technology like next years smart phones is likely to be pre-ordered to a point covering the cost of production long before production itself takes place and that's even without a more formal exchange like the COMEX (as evil as they may be) where forward sales are handled on a regular basis. I can only assume you are mistaking a transfer of ownership with actual delivery: hint when you buy something online its yours before it gets to you in the mail even if you live in some remote island where the item you buy is more than the total supply of that item on the island.  
@_date: 2014-02-01 03:58:58
- The more profitable it is to mine the more people mine because money
- The more people who mine the more difficult it is to get a block because protocol
- The more difficult it is to get a block the less money 
- The less money from mining the less miners because costs outweigh rewards
Bitcoin is designed to have the amount of mining done on it to be limited by the resource cost of mining. That way its security scales with its value but its resource cost doesn't explode ridiculously. If you are mining with less efficient machines then your costs will be higher relative to the rewards of mining so you will be hurt by increased difficulty more than people who have lower costs or free electricity. This is why there is so much investment in more efficient hashing power: ASICs cost less to run and so they will be profitable for longer (at least until more efficient ones come out) so in order to be profitable you always have to have the newest and so most efficient mining gear and you need to be able to turn around and sell the old gear before it becomes unprofitable in order to stay ahead. 
One worrying trend though is that as the most efficient machines go from being the ones cramming the most cores into a chip to the machine with the most chips in the smallest space that are cooled the most efficiently you are seeing the cost of the smallest mining machine going up. Instead of buying a thumb drive or a small machine you plug into a computer, you might need a rack in a liquid silicone cooled data center to be profitable. 
@_date: 2014-02-11 04:44:54
Is Adam Back NSA?
@_date: 2014-09-06 10:24:59
I think they mean free as in speech not free as in beer. 
@_date: 2017-02-10 21:07:14
If the objective was to make a currency that is a stable store of value that is deflationary then they are currently not particularly successful. 
Doge is in the top 20 by marketcap but even as the market cap remains fairly stable the value of individual Doge currency units persistently drops. This is because Doge is currently highly inflationary.  Unlike bitcoin there is no Doge halving. 
I think its too early to say though that anything about it in particular is a failure though. They seem to have different goals than the bitcoin community. They treat their digital currency somewhat like a joke and so long as thats how you treat it you know not to hold too much and to spread what you do have to get the most enjoyment out of it.
In the long run though having persistent linear inflation  is still less inflationary than exponential inflation. Gold inflates by 1-3% every single year exponentially. At some point in the future the inflation rate of doge will be lower than that. It will just take longer to get there than it will for bitcoin. In the mean time their currency fails as something you would hoard and as something you would buy coffee with but is that really failure or is it just being different? 
@_date: 2017-02-15 00:01:57
The milliners vote his hat size limit up or down every stich depending on how much work each one of them wants to put into it.
@_date: 2014-03-04 04:56:16
Its a new paradigm in old rich friend leverage. 
@_date: 2014-05-01 21:43:07
The problem is that you have to trust not the particular trustworthiness of the operator of the fund. No matter who runs the system, a backed currency tends towards failure. All you can do is push the point of failure further into the future. At some point the currency will last long enough that people will still use it but then the more successful it becomes the bigger the eventual failure will be. There needs to be a change in the way things are done not just a change in who does them for a gold backed currency to exhibit the same anti-fragile properties as a distributed consensus network. Until such a system exists I would rather hold bullion as bullion for the purpose of savings and not try and use it as a currency which it is not well suited for. 
@_date: 2014-01-31 23:17:52
He is only somewhat against the use of force as a means of social control...
@_date: 2014-04-04 08:29:09
Watching stargate I could just imagine tiny stargates embedded in computer chip... and now I'm thinking about tiny aliens invading through those stargates and we just don't even notice until its too late... 
@_date: 2017-02-25 09:00:51
Clickbait title is clickbait. The answer is no, quantum annealing processors will not help break bitcoin's digital signature cryptography and even if they had a general purpose quantum computer which they dont that would not break hash based cryptography. 
@_date: 2015-05-13 19:44:07
For refusing to pay the fine they would lock them up. For refusing to get locked up they would kill them. I personally think people are ideots for not vaccinating their childen but I dont think governments are the safest organization to provide the service as they have abused their power in the past to do horrible things. People need to be free to say no because the consequences of allowing people to force things into your body or the bodies of your children. Its for the safety of the people that do use a service that there needs to be some sort of release valve for any activity. The crazy nuts will always be in the minority but ultimately there also needs to be cures as well as vaccines and these are the people we will experiment on with those...
@_date: 2015-05-22 09:58:15
People can also say bitcoin and mean all of the clones of it that have similar monetary policy (ie policy they don't control)
@_date: 2015-05-29 22:23:23
While I agree they should not right now there was a time when tobacco companies committed fraud by covering up the harmful effects. Fraud that results in harm in my opinion falls in the category of aggression. While I dont have a prescriptive set of policies for what outcome ought to have followed I would not have been too fussed if those people ended up behind bars. 
@_date: 2015-05-13 19:38:40
The legal system. Given enough time it will expand to regulate every aspect of your life. Its not really a problem exclusive to Gays, strait people run the risk of the legal system shaping their lives in ways they don't care for like with discrimination between men and woman in regards to custody of children (can go either way) etc its just a bigger issue with minorities because they are more likely to see regulation that goes against their way of life when laws are decided by a popularity contest or even a different minority.
@_date: 2014-01-16 17:05:13
So its about making sure the internet stays private leaving companies free to prioritize bandwidth based on their own choices and consumer preferences? 
@_date: 2014-11-30 00:56:13
Scammers now accepting bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-04-28 09:57:49
It also takes money to lose money.
@_date: 2014-06-02 19:48:02
Yep, an award set up by the Swedish central bank. 
@_date: 2014-05-17 12:56:52
@_date: 2017-02-24 06:10:07
Its not that hard to change hashing algorithms, litecoin for example uses script for PoW starting from its genesis block. There is no reason you could not change the PoW starting from any arbitrary block number and I'm pretty sure there are a few altcoins that have switched from sha256 to script due to the variation in difficulty caused by large bitcoin miners temporarily pointing their ASICs at the altcoin. 
In the case where sha256 is completely broken though its not enough to just change the mining algorithm. Even litecoin still uses sha256 to hash transactions into a [merkle root]( You would have to change the mining algorithm and the hashing algorithm for the checksum that is included in the block header.
This would not be enough though because being able to generate new data that has the same checksum means all previous blocks that use the old checksum hash are suspect. You could however take a snapshot of all the unspent outputs and checksum that with the new secure hash function then when people want a transaction with inputs from before the change they would prove their output is part of the snapshot instead of proving it is from a specific block before the snapshot using the new hash rather than the old hash algorithm. 
In a lot of ways changing the digital signature algorithm is a much easier change because you can introduce the new signature algorithm maybe with a new address format and people could just send their funds from the old address to the new address to secure them. People who dont would have their funds stolen eventually if they reveal the public key for the old format but at least that would not effect the security of funds in the new format. 
So long as the change is made before it become economically viable to attack (say when a hash collision is demonstrated  but costs millions to generate let alone finding a collision with a specific value) then there should be no problems. Agreement should not be too hard to get once the threat becomes realistic because you either make the change or you risk your balances becoming worthless / stolen. 
@_date: 2015-05-13 19:31:14
He just wants you to elaborate on what would actually happen to people if they actively refuse. They would get locked up and their children taken away. If they resisted that they would get killed. 
@_date: 2017-02-24 00:28:01
@_date: 2017-02-25 10:13:51
Using it on a hashing algorithm will actually increase the time it takes to solve it because you are adding overhead but not improving the efficiency of the search. Quantum annealing works on functions where the output is related to the input. The output of a hash function is explicitly designed to not relate to the input. You cant use quantum annealing on it for the same reason you cant use a dumb hill climbing algorithm.It just doesn't solve that problem.  
@_date: 2017-02-10 21:10:24
Companies hoarding bitcoin is not really something that needs to be discouraged. If anything those companies would likely ignore any fork that that uses the wealth effect to reduce their percentage holdings. So consumers would be faced with the choice of using the  the Bitcoin that the companies are accepting or the one they are not. 


I could see them wanting the lost coins back and it is possible for that to happen, just see the DAO hack but it would require consensus and that wasn't achievable even with a very obvious and contained goof. 


What they want is irrelevant. There would need to be the overwhelming majority, to the point of there being no one significant to carry on with supporting the original. Reintroducing lost coins into the mining supply makes no sense. Miners are rewarded for processing transactions not for random people losing their funds.
As other pointed out the decreased supply is not a problem. People can just trade with smaller units. If supply shock is the worry, because the 90% holder might sell. Well the potential for supply shock is a pretty big disincentive to hoard to those levels in any case. Attempts to corner markets without the use of law (to force people to sell at low prices or just outright steal) will just result in prices rising until whatever entity attempting to corner runs out of funds. If at the end of that you can just expect that attempts to sell will crash the price then cornering the market doesn't seem all too profitable. 
Your right in that its not impossible though. There could be consensus to make any change. It gets implausible once you go into specifics. Most of the plausible scenarios I can think of for bitcoin changing its monetary rules result from it being a failed currency anyway. In that scenario the rules are easy to change because the value remaining can easily be dictated by individuals. 
@_date: 2015-01-25 05:24:04
Godwin's Law is about the probability of someone referencing the Hitler/holocaust. It has nothing to do with the validity of an argument.
@_date: 2015-05-13 19:29:03
Also send my kids to a school that refuses to have non-vaccinated children until a cure is developed for the diseases in question. 
@_date: 2017-02-27 04:53:29
You can be anti left and not for a world of all against all. You just have to see the policies of the left as being harmful. Harmful even to their own cause of social and economic equality. 
@_date: 2015-01-16 21:48:22


Why is that a good thing? As someone who buys and holds I like that someone else is leveling the price between different exchanges. It means I can pick any exchange and get near the same price. Thew same goes for bitcoin exchanges. 


I would rather the money go to the people/bots making arbitrages 


funny thing about value. Its a subjective thing. You may not see arbitrage and liquidity as a valuable thing but try trading in assets that dont have someone arbitraging the price or taking the other side of the trade just as a speculation or trading the spread. 


which would be higher if they didn't do it. Also if you use limit orders then high frequency trading is irrelevant to you. You either get the price you set or you dont.


right, because a government increasing taxes in one area automatically means other taxes will be lowered. No this just means that transaction fees will be set in stone making impossible for new players and new technology to lower transaction fees further. 
@_date: 2014-05-02 12:38:58


I was making a statement about the argument not making a comparison about the two acts of violence. Although in both cases you are forced to do something you might otherwise want to do with someone else. In the case of rape its sex and in the case of tax its ~~pay for war~~ mah roads!
@_date: 2014-05-02 09:32:03


That is not an argument for taxation any more than it is an argument for rape.


It refutes your point that


because it points out that they are not in fact trying to save anyone money. They are trying to take it. 
@_date: 2015-05-13 23:48:37
The situation where they are killed for defending themselves from aggression that starts with the vaxination demand does not exist without the ball of violence you support rolling at them. Cover it up as much as you like but the reason you can get people to do things using laws is because of how much you are fucked if you don't follow them. Its a fundamentally hostile thing. Don't pretend you are trying to help people whose behavior you would outlaw. Its a very different thing to convince people of the benefits of something than to make it law.
@_date: 2014-01-16 17:51:09
No i dont. I want them to have the ability to do that but if they tried it i would leave them for someone else. 
@_date: 2014-01-02 08:42:05
Those people with money, would they be the Hunts or the COMMEX / Regulators? 
@_date: 2017-02-26 02:10:33
This is why when you travel back in time instead of mining bit gold or buying it cheap you travel back a little before it was updated to be fully distributed and publish the distributed version yourself anonymously and just increase the supply from a nice round 20 million to 21 million mining the 1 million yourself so that you are not taking from anyone in the past except through inflation but if you dont spend in the past that inflation should not change anything. Also change the name to bitcoin so the real author does not get suspicious. Then just make sure that the same original key supporters know about it by talking about it in their mailing-list. Once you have done that you would be pretty safe just jumping back to the future before the authority catches on. 
@_date: 2014-04-18 22:43:26
Same in internet exploiter. Even if I make a file with
    &lt;a href="
@_date: 2015-01-18 00:22:59
After an apocalypse I wouldn't support the old ledger even if there is enough laptops/computers, power and network infrastructure to rebuild a communications network that can operate it. In this situation I would rather start from scratch since as unjust as it might seem to a millionaire from before the event that has many bitcoins, their balance no longer represents value in the post apocalyptic economy. I'd use an post apocalyptic altcoin in this situation with a new algorithm or if enough people are in a community but not so many that you cant identify them all, a proof of stake currency with an initial distribution to all members (although in this situation you may be able to get by just as a credit/gift economy it would be useful for trade with independent individuals and communities)
It might still be worth putting a little value into bitcoin though to incentivize data gathering: hunting for old computers that may contain bitcoins is still hunting for old computers which might contain other valuable information like copies of wikipedia, instructional videos or porn stashes. 
@_date: 2015-01-09 22:55:45
So they continued to allow the trading of IOUs even though those IOUs may or may not have had the backing needed for redemption? Or could they not halt the trading of their IOUs on ripple? 
@_date: 2016-03-06 18:58:21
In ethereum I have written a contract that allows my next of kin to take control of my ETH if I dont do anything with it for an set period of time ie when I am dead:
This idea should work with rootstock or a BTC sidechain on Ethereum although the contract will need to be updated for Ethereum subcurrencies or however rootstock deals with particular currencies. 
In this way I can leave them instructions and a  paperwallet encrypted with a password they give me and they can learn how to figure it all out once I'm dead because simple instructions that show them how to figure out the value of my holdings. 
@_date: 2016-03-09 11:50:26
You will be shedding your seed wherever you go though. 
@_date: 2015-01-17 05:20:01
If you can time travel then it would make more sense to take the source code from an early bitgold implementation and travel back just before it was released. Increase the supply from the nice round 20 million to 21 million and then mine 1 million yourself. This leaves the available currency supply the same so it would have minimal impact. You might want to go on a cryptographic forum and tell the original creator and a few others about it so the right people are involved and change the name to bitcoin so the original creator doesn't catch on. Then just disappear back to the future with the keys for the 1 million when authorities start to catch on. 
@_date: 2016-03-18 02:56:22


- [wiki](
This is one industry that really needs an Uber like shift and that doesn't mean a reorganization within Australia post but an active defiance of this law. 
@_date: 2014-03-07 20:52:44


Bitcoin and gold are positive inflation currencies. 


Yes its always people that have ideals. 


I put "intrinsic value" in quotes because I don't believe in it other than to call it "properties of a commodity that some people find useful" this is in line with Austrian economics. You  have not addressed my argument. 




I said they value it subjectively. Could you explain how you think there is a contradiction? 


The "gold standard" was a bi-metallic or tri-metallic standard (the difference between the free market and a gold standard is that prices are pegged by government decree in a gold standard but they still used multiple comodities for the same reason you would in a free market) but in any case a medium of exchange does not have to be made out of one physical material. 
You are showing a remarkable lack of curiosity as to why people might rationally choose an inflationary currency. Just assuming they are acting against their own self interest puts you in contradiction with praxeology. 
@_date: 2014-02-20 05:49:18
If you work for the NSA, flee to Russia immediately! 
@_date: 2016-03-16 08:38:39
Will rootstock eventually go currency agnostic ie miners accept any subcurrency they want as transaction fees?
@_date: 2016-03-16 08:40:52
I hope there will be a stack exchange also...
@_date: 2016-03-09 11:47:02
Perhaps, but what if the cost is your genetic choice? Once everyone is in a genetic database It wont be long until it becomes just another tool for political leverage. Now we know exactly who carries genetic disorder X why not regulate its transmission? You dont want people having defective babies do you? Cant allow the genes for antisocial behavior to spread either... Hell what right do you have to bring a child into the world with those genes anyway, you should be more than fine with universal basic embryos!
@_date: 2017-02-11 03:05:31




I dont think anyone disagrees with that (well except tome post scarcity nutters) but its not exactly a helpful point to make in context. 
Whether or not Doge will one day become a "real" currency is the question. There is no technical or economic reason why it could not. Its a matter of speculation. I personally think it will be mostly forgotten by the time its inflation rate drops bellow 3% (about 31 years time) but it is not out of the realm of possibility that I could be wrong. 
@_date: 2016-01-16 23:14:12
The difficulty adjusts up or down to keep the level of consideration the same. 
@_date: 2017-03-13 18:23:03
No man you should just hold for ever and never spend it. Die an old man having lived a stressful life watching your children struggle more than they have to. But you would be rich I say! think of the numbers. 
Seriously though great move reducing your risk, stress and providing for your family. 
@_date: 2016-03-09 10:38:42
Please don't give them ideas.
@_date: 2014-02-11 10:12:59
The mainstream media is the trollbox of wall-street...  
@_date: 2016-01-15 09:14:32


There are people with identical or even more absurd beliefs than the one you imitated. How exactly are people supposed to tell the difference? Its not dense to be unable to tell the difference between two identical things. 
@_date: 2016-01-07 11:56:55
Its funny how when we teach chimps to use tokens as currency by creating artificial demand for it one of the first things they do is buy sex with it. I can see AI doing something equivalent: buying more hardware for themselves or machines capable of producing that hardware.  
@_date: 2014-03-08 00:23:54
But things are not all equal and never will be. 
@_date: 2016-01-15 06:43:56
When Augur is up and running does shapeshift intend to act as a portal for bitcoin (or any supported currency) users to bet/buy tokens in augur markets? 
@_date: 2016-01-08 04:43:31


Nope, I'm suggesting that unlike gold, the cost of production and the value of a unit do not effect the monetary policy of bitcoin. The marginal cost of production is determined by the monetary policy not the other way around as it is with physical commodities. 
I'm also suggesting an alternate way to look at money creation. Rather than seeing the bitcoin miner as the creator of bitcoins, see the network as a whole as the creator of bitcoins. Afterall if we discovered tomorrow that 90% of the bitcoin network was being minned by the NSA (dividing their mining power among the largest pools to hide it) then we would probably want to change the hash function to something they are not using. This would require a fork. What would the cost of that fork be?... It would be wrong to measure that change in hashing power. The actual cost would be the cost of getting people to agree that bitcoin2 is valid and bitcoin1 is insecure. and bitcoin2 may even have significantly less computing power (of a kind not dominated by the target threat say by using a memory hard or memory latency dependant algorithm) The power to make a block valid is always this: the cost of getting people to imagine that sha256d PoW is the way to go and not some other function or some other consensus mechanism. This is how the cost of mining is subservient to the protocol. 


This seems like the same line of thinking that makes goldbugs think that bitcoin cannot exist despite the fact that it does (bitcoin may be limited in the number of units but there are no limits on the number of cryptocurrencies, of course its the wrong thing to pay attention to). Do you make similar predictions for proof of stake currencies? If the cost of producing a new unit is close to zero but the cryptographic scarcity within the currency remains does the currency have value in your theory? 
@_date: 2017-03-24 19:17:49


No, the protocol does not specify that. The protocol specifies that the longest chain (the one with the most work) will be the one that is accepted. This encourages people to add to the longest chain but it does not enforce it. 
@_date: 2017-03-11 07:44:20
They always intended to dump. They intended to sell shares in their ETF, that means their holdings of bitcoin would be sold off. Then once they sold their bitcoin to ETF holders they would continue to earn fees for managing them. Its the perfect way to sell large quantities of bitcoin because what you sell cant circulate in the market unless you decide it can be withdrawn from the ETF and most of the people you sell to cant legally do that even if you provide the way to do it. 
@_date: 2016-01-15 11:27:00
I've seen people rage out at a simple description of a mixing service and of permissionlessly sending money to anyone you want. Its the sort of belief a person who says "but its the law!!!" would hold and claim that it is simply a matter of principle that peoples entire financial privacy be eliminated for the sake of their surrogate parents the state's ability to arbitrarily control all people. Maybe you just dont interact with people with radically different ideas as you do but they do exist. 
also: 
@_date: 2014-05-09 12:07:20
She cries harder when you whisper "much sex, very pleasure..."
@_date: 2017-03-12 12:48:41
You borrow bitcoin from someone willing to lend it and sell the bitcoin you borrow in the hope that you can buy back later at a cheaper price and pocket the difference. Usually a lender is going to want you to provide some sort of collateral that they can take if you are unable to pay back the asset. There are already a few exchanges that provide a platform for lending and sorting that will handle things like margin calls and interest payments.
If you are interested in shorting you should understand that unlike going long you can end up owing more than the size of the trade because there is no limit on how high prices can go where as with going long without leverage the worst you can do is see prices go to zero. 
@_date: 2016-01-07 11:53:31


Bitcoin production is limited by the bitcoin protocol not by its cost of production. The cost of securing the bitcoin network is not something that directly gives bitcoin value. The cost of mining only relates to the value of bitcoin because a lot of people value security and bitcoin's security is related to mining cost (as it is the approximate cost of maintaining a 51% attack)
Actually when you think about it, the cost of producing a bitcoin is actually much lower than the cost of mining (near zero in comparison) as new bitcoins are created by the protocol and not the individual miner who receives them as a reward. Sure they make the block but it is the networks interpretation of that block as valid rather than invalid or orphaned that makes it currency. The cost of that to the network is simply the cost of accepting or denying it. This is how a fork of bitcoin, even if an irrational actor was willing to put 10 times as much computing power behind it would not automatically make that currency valuable. 
@_date: 2017-03-22 01:25:44
This is my set of assumptions:
- Lost bitcoin will result in selling pressure not existing that would otherwise be there. 
- If the bitcoin market continues to grow or even just remains static this will result in increases in prices. 
- As prices increase people will likely start transacting in smaller units.
- If people are sending and saving smaller units then when they lose some it will be a smaller and smaller amount
- Over time technology and familiarity will help people lose their funds less often.
If these assumptions hold true then the supply will decay at some less than asymptotic rate until there are no more technological improvements to prevent loss of wallets and then it will stabilize at some percentage of the total supply.


Not particularly. There is a current limit to how divisible bitcoin is but more decimal places can be added without much difficulty, its not like the block size debate which has security implications. 
@_date: 2016-03-09 18:54:00
Which people? you already supported it for others so that you can profit, are you confident your doctor,dentist wont do the same with your records? It doesn't take anyone wanting a law imposed on themselves for a law to come about, all it takes is a whole bunch of people being ok that with a law being applied to others and imagining they will escape it themselves. The same thing applies to any set of behavior that has concentrated benefits and distributed costs (even if those costs massively outweigh the benefits once they are summed together)
@_date: 2017-03-14 00:14:03
Sathohi's response to GPU mining is the source of my favorite quote from him:


@_date: 2017-03-24 20:00:00
Buffet would buy the entire company and replace the management though. 
@_date: 2016-03-22 07:32:22


They claim faster block times. How does that work with merge mining? 
@_date: 2017-03-28 22:27:21
The DAO fork required consensus. There was no central controller that made it happen. Vitalik and the other devs can write the software but for the network rules to change people have to download and run it. Some people chose not to and their chain still exists. If there was majority weight behind not implementing the change by the community then that chain would be the most valuable. Maybe in time it will be in which case that would prove even more that the ethereum devs don't have the level of control you are saying they do. When it comes down to it they have the same control that bitcoin devs do, the power to write sowftware and wait and see if the community accepts it. The attacker still won on Classic its just that they dont have the power to make everyone else value that chain. 
Now compare this with RSK. On RSK there is a group of effectively 13 people who if they want can transfer all of the BTC that backs its value. No community consensus is needed because if the chain forks the RSK foundation decides which one they implement withdrawals for. If they want to push a protocol change then they can write the software and then tell people that withdrawals will only be processed on blocks using the new protocol. 
Why would they ever give up that sort of power? 
@_date: 2017-03-20 19:08:04
I would make the market in another currency that is minimally correlated with the outcome. Are there any centralized prediction markets using tether?
@_date: 2016-03-06 18:51:28


That is not true at all. You send them your coins then they send you the other coin. They could always choose not to send you the coin you are buying. Its not in their interest to do that right now because they would loose business in the long run but its a trusted model.
The only difference with other exchanges is that they dont hold funds for extended periods of time and so dont carry a customer balance when trades are not happening. This is great because it makes them less of a target and minimizes the damage if they are taken over: the next few people who deposit get their funds taken until the word gets out but no one is goxxed in the sense that they have large amounts of funds sitting there to be taken.
@_date: 2016-06-24 04:01:38
I wouldnt go that far. There are plenty of ways that Ethereum could have been closer to the VC funding model. Take rootstock for example, it will have a federation at its core and is actually funded by VC money. I have no hostility to that model, in a way I hope all crypto project succeed because I am in this for currency competition just as much as I support whatever particular community or technology. In fact the more disgusted by a crypro communities values I am the more I support their community because such projects become an attractor for like minded people, ie people I want to see leaving my community for that community. In the long run I would like to see counterparty do better than they are doing and rootstock as well as clones of ethereum because i dont believe smart contracts are going away and these systems being compatible with each other in terms of developer knowledge but also in terms of financial relays make for a more robust system than any one of them alone especially when you take into account that the communities will no doubt specialize into different demographic groups that have different attitudes towards bailouts and code upgrades, security vs efficiency etc. 


I think that is directly contradicted by the effort put in to developing scaling solutions. You can disagree that their solutions will work but you cant say that they are not trying to develop the solutions. In many ways they are well ahead on things like the lightning network and side chains because no changes need to be made to the core protocol to allow these. They are have different and riskier attitudes towards core protocol changes such as proof of stake and sharding. This is not from a lack of thinking about the future but a combination of being less risk adverse and also finding scalability more important due to the expected volume of activity. 
@_date: 2016-06-24 09:49:08
Absolutely. I have seen plans that recover 100% of the funds with no hard fork. I would not go so far as accusing the HF advocates of wanting to bring ethereum down but if I wanted to bring ethereum down thats what I would be advocating for.


From my understanding a hard fork is a change in the protocol that makes clients not forward compatible. That is every client would need to be updated because the protocol has changed to something they see as invalid. A soft fork is a change in the protocol that allows existing clients to continue to read the block chain and see it is valid although there may be extra data that the old clients are not validating as is the case with segwit. From the perceptive of miners though there is very little difference, both require an update to continue to mine successfully since even though they can validate all the blocks they may produce blocks missing the extra data or including data that does not conform to the new protocol. 
The sort of soft fork needed to carry out the white hat attack involves censoring all transactions with DAO contracts then white listing the white hat attacker for the time needed for them to release the funds and then the soft fork can be dropped. 
The hard fork as far as I have seen involves outright replacing the contract code of the DAO which makes it a hard fork because every current client would see transactions involving the new contract code as invalid.
@_date: 2016-06-17 13:43:31
A particular contract which was an autonomous investment fund raised way more money than its developers expected.
Meanwhile there has been a lot of attention made about a particular kind of vulnerability some contracts have. This affects contracts that call other contracts half way through doing something like sending funds and updating a registry that the funds where sent. The problem is that once you send ETH to another contract that contract becomes active and can call your first contract again before the balance as been updated. The result of this is that it can withdraw again and again and then once its done it will return and then your first program will update only after that.
To solve this problem you need to either lock your first contract from accepting calls while it has passed control to another contract. Or you could update the balance before you pass on control (the sensible thing to do) or I guess check after that the call has overdrawn and then throw which rolls back the entire transaction. 
The people who developed the DAO had publicly announced that their contract was free of any such bugs but it was a rather large contract with many moving parts and apparently they missed a case where an attacker was able to take advantage of control being passed out of the contract to a contract they had devised and then back again and so they figured out a way to drain the DAO of large amounts of funds.
Ethereum itself is working without any vulnerabilities. It is a poorly written contract that in hindsight should not have had a quarter of a billion dollars in it. Its analogous to gox because that was a poorly designed exchange that should not have had half a billion worth of BTC in it and during its failure I recall many people calling it a failure of bitcoin itself where as bitcoin was working fine, it was just being used in an irresponsible way. 
There are some differences though. For example the funds are not yet gone. The function that was exploited was one where the user "splits" the DAO. That is a feature where minority users who dont like the investment decisions of the DAO could take their funds and form a new fund. Part of the design of this is a waiting period. So the drained funds are locked in this waiting period until the new DAO is active and then they have full control to create a proposal that withdraws the funds completely.
With Mt gox by the time the mismanagement was uncovered a lot of the funds where already dispersed into many peoples wallets completely unrelated to however the exchange was exploited.
So right now the Ethereum community if faced with the choice of either letting the individual continue, locking the funds with a soft fork or doing a hard fork to completely reverse the problem. With so much money on the line there will be a lot of drama to come as those who want the coins burned debate those who want the coins returned to the original investors. I dont think very many people want nothing to be done at this point so consensus should be reached wickly to trap the funds and then we will see if ethereum compromises its principles and overrides the code to undo the damage. 
I have a non trivial amount of DAO tokens but also quite a bit of ETH. Either way its a shitty situation. I would vote to have them burned to set the long term precedent that ethereum as a platform is not going to bail out bad banks. 
@_date: 2019-03-21 09:47:53
It would likely cost around $175 million a day to keep out all transactions with fees under $100. 
Math: [12195 transactions]( max / block
~6 blocks an hour for 24 hours: 12195 * 6 * 24 * $100 = $175,608,000
The real cost would be variable due to the random nature of block discovery. Some miners mine empty blocks which would make the attack slightly cheaper but also I would expect a lot more mining power to join the network if fees where that high so the hashrate would go up resulting in faster block times until the next difficulty adjustment (and would likely continue to go up as miners make bank) while at the same time the relative security of other sha256d altcoins plummet making them more susceptible to 51% attack.  
I dont think this attack is very sustainable. I think you are more likely to see high fees due to periods of high genuine demand like with an ICO mania. 
It would also not stop miner payouts, including miner payouts directly to exchanges as miners / pools tend to prioritise their own transactions. 
@_date: 2019-03-23 01:39:11
Paper wallets are private keys written down, printed or engraved. Anyone with the private key can spend the bitcoin in the associated address. This is one way to give other people bitcoin,  you give them control of the funds when you give them the private key. Its not the best way to receive bitcoin because you dont know if the person giving you the funds has made a copy of the key but it works ok as a gift. To make it so only you can move the funds you move it to an address only you have the private key for. 
@_date: 2018-10-02 13:38:55
That was a good explanation of mining but I think it makes for a confusing comparison when talking about hierarchical wallet generation. Both involve hash functions but one is working on data that has no state (all addresses in a hierarchical wallet can be generated without knowing anything other than the root private key and the initial chain code) where as blocks have data in them and their hashes cannot be determined from some initial value. 
That is a great explanation of the mining process though. One of the best I've seen actually. I only disagree with one point which is that if a majority sees more of one block than another at the same height that the one which more people agree on *is* wining. In reality this is not binary but probabilistic: the more visible block has a greater chance of being mined on top of but if the less visible block is mined on first then all of the majority that previously disagreed will switch to the new longest chain. There is also no practical way for them to know if they have the longest chain (if there was we would not need mining). This is why we should wait for multiple confirmations to get increasing certainty that our view of the blockchain up to the point a transaction is  included will remain. The video describes the cost of intentionally rewriting history but it can also happen by accident due to latency of receiving blocks especially large blocks from the edges of the network. 
@_date: 2017-01-04 10:21:13
Its still a problem if it can be broken within seconds because anyone with a node can intercept a transaction before it is confirmed. Could be mitigated with a pre-commitment strategy but you would need to design some way to incentivize the storage of commitments butter just to switch to a quantum safe signing algorithm like lamport signatures at that point  
@_date: 2017-01-04 23:51:54
Little bit of column B a lot of column A
@_date: 2018-10-02 10:06:56
You are not just appending the bits from the output of the hash function and the parent private key, you are adding the *values* using the modular arithmetic used to add together private keys appropriate to the cryptographic system being used.  This way someone who knows the parent public key can know the child public key which would be derived by taking the same output from the hash function, getting the corresponding public key as if the hash output was a private key and then doing a public key addition of that and the parent public key.
This graph is confusing as it is using the same kind of arrow to mean various different kinds of cryptographic functions, hashing, modular addition, public key addition and appending of bits. All arrows should really be labelled with what is actually going on in the transition.  
I would probably even add an intermediate step between the hash function and deriving the child keys to show that an offset public private key pair is generated and that its private key is added to the parent private key to get the child private key and its public key is (ECC?) added to derive the child public key and how this can be down without knowing the parent private key. 
EDIT: 
The two arrows going into "child public key" are just two ways to end up with the same value. One way by knowing the parent private key and the other by just knowing the parent public key.
@_date: 2018-10-04 03:48:29
No we would never do that. They will follow the standard because of the implication... 
@_date: 2017-01-28 06:33:28
I would not fund that one at the top unless its an encrypted private key. Too much of it is revealed. 
@_date: 2017-01-06 16:12:38


mining is processing bitcoin transactions. Miners listen for transactions, check if they are valid then put them together in blocks. They then perform a hash function (like a random number generator but it takes an input and generates a specific very hard to determine ahead of time value) its sort of like a lottery, if the right value is found then the rest of the network will accept it and it will become the next block. The longest chain of blocks is the hardest to produce because it has the most hashing done to find it. That longest chain *is* the blockchain.


Its no longer profitable to mine on a regular PC. The difficulty has gone up so high because there are computer chips fabricated just to participate in the mining process. these chips are orders of magnitude more energy efficient at just doing the hashing algorithm so they can mine at much higher difficulties and at least pay for their energy usage (until they get outdated by the next more efficient chip designs) You are also up against people that not only have these chips but have access to cheap electricity as well. Its no longer a hobby but an industry with millions invested and being invested by the people who seek returns. 
@_date: 2018-10-02 14:18:01
It looks to me that the implementation differs from the specification in that instead of aborting where parse256(IL) ≥ n they are instead doing:
    I_left_as_exponent = from_bytes_32(I64[:32]) % ORDER
ie keeping it less than n using modular arithmetic.
is this correct? 
@_date: 2017-01-01 15:35:15
If only I could just register a bitcoin address when I sign up to things and then use a bitcoin signed message to verify actions. Maybe have one key for administration tasks and a second (set by the first) for regular tasks. 
An using [TEE]( for the regular task and physical backups for the admin key. An app that is aware of SMS requests for signatures or can scan them from computer, displays what is being signed and decrypts and signs just like a trezor when needed. (or literally a trezor but almost everyone has a phone with TEE)
Having a name register so I can change the session key for all services that use the same admin key would also be great as well.
If my phone number is transferred to another phone they wouldn't have the private key to verify anything. If the phone is stolen I could change the session key with my backed up admin key. 
If my admin key is stolen I would either be out of luck or then have to fall back to physical identification  if available.
@_date: 2017-01-04 06:30:19
Everyone including you know what he is saying. There is no ambiguity. Redundancy in language is actually a feature called reduplication. Its a way of expressing context and emphasis ie expressing more information which is the purpose of language. 


neither is there such a thing as a "bitcoin" or an "email" but people understand what is being said.
@_date: 2018-10-04 04:13:24


For adding private keys in this case Its just simple [Modular arithmetic](
The magic comes in when adding together public keys. This video describes addition of points on an elliptic curve: 
@_date: 2017-01-25 06:34:23


sure but I was responding to the point that "Bitcoin has parameters that are never meant to be changed" your point contradicts this. I made no comment on whether I personally think the block size should be changed. I dont think of satoshi as an authority on the matter but the quote still demonstrates that he was not openly hostile to the idea of blocksize upgrades and if the point is about the original intent then in that context his lack of hostility is relevant. 
EDIT: from your quote:


@_date: 2017-01-25 10:45:15


Except the person I was responding to. 


great point but irrelevant to the point I was making. 
@_date: 2016-06-27 02:41:27
You missed the bit where her policy recommendation is to have the Canadian government print money directly rather than through "private" banks. This ingenious girl wants all Canadian debts that are a form of money creation to be debts to the Canadian government with the transition being handled by the printing of new money to pay off the outstanding debt of the Canadian government to their appointed "private" monopoly. 
@_date: 2017-08-09 09:15:09
I think the simple explanation for the mistake gold speculators make is that they underestimate the deflationary effects of a credit contraction. The inflationary period for fiat currencies is during the credit expansion leading up to and expanding bubbles in equity markets but during market collapses you have massive destruction of currency through the reverse of the money multiplier effect. Stimulus / QE leads these people to believe that there will be massive inflation but reserve banks are actually not terrible at managing to balance stimulus against credit contractions and combined with that people go into cash due to falling equity prices further supporting its price.
Real hyperinflation events do not come about typically due to the business cycle despite the economic distortions that central banks cause. They typically come about through a breakdown of legal tender law or government policy that transfers the assets of a nation to government so that the national currency is no longer backed by debts over the assets (all those people getting into debt in fiat to own a home or business create the demand for fiat and when governments steal their homes and businesses that demand goes away)
I'm all for replacing fiat currency but it important when you go about it not to underestimate how difficult that process is gong to be. You cant just expect it to go away by itself, we have to build something better and out compete it while simultaneously working against legislation that supports the monopolies of central banks around the world. Or if you are just a speculator you cant just bet against it willy nilly, you have to have a deep understanding of its mechanics. 
@_date: 2017-08-11 19:01:38
Its also worth noting that its decentralization of hashing power not just hashing power alone. Bitcoin could increase in hashing power while becoming less secure if an attacker is increasing the hashing power more than everyone else combined. 
@_date: 2017-01-04 23:03:27


Jesus, I didnt literally mean every transaction. Every transaction blockchain.info displays on its site would do and you would prioritize by value anyway.


I didnt shift from anything I was going with the premise that wallpaper said. I just did not initially assign a probability because it wasnt relevant and still isnt relevant to the argument I made which is that if keys can be reversed in seconds then changing addresses wont help. 
This isnt a controversial point. Andreas has pointed it out many times for example. 
@_date: 2017-01-15 00:23:02
Dont use AMD or Intel architecture connected to a network if you dont trust Intel or AMD having hardware level access. 
@_date: 2017-01-02 23:53:06
On a bit of a tangent. According to my local bullion dealer here in Australia, for tax purposes the distinction between a bullion coin and a collector coin (in my case Perth mint lunar) is precisely how you decide to report it. However if you choose to report one way you are not supposed to then switch to reporting it as another if it becomes convenient. There is no objective distinction so anyone arguing this way or that will find themselves correct when it comes to reporting sales. Is it possible that this is also the case in the US?
@_date: 2017-01-25 03:57:23


Block size is not one of them. At least not according to satoshi:
    It can be phased in, like:
    
    if (blocknumber &gt; 115000)
        maxblocksize = largerlimit
    
    It can start being in versions way ahead, so by the time it reaches that block number and goes into effect, the older versions that don't have it are already obsolete.
    
    When we're near the cutoff block number, I can put an alert to old versions to make sure they know they have to upgrade.
 - [satoshi](
You could of course argue that the block size should not be upgraded right now or that satoshi is wrong but the intention was originally for this parameter to be changed. 
@_date: 2017-01-04 21:51:37


Was the assumption. I dont think thats likely to happen any time soon but it was the premise I was going with.


You have it the wrong way round. Someone with such a powerful quantum computer could listen ~~to~~ *for* every transaction, they are all public after all and they all contain public keys. If they can crack the keys in seconds as was the premise then they can make their own transactions and submit them to the network with higher fees. Miners would then have no way to tell which transaction was the right one. 


You have shifted the goal posts from: 


This is a solution for when it takes years to break a key right down to when it takes weeks but once you get down to seconds (which is what OP stated and is not as far as I know impossible) then you can no longer rely on it as a solution. 
@_date: 2017-08-13 12:51:22
Not necessarily. It depends on the participants acting as a relay. Some might provide a certain amount of liquidity with their customers to attract customers. I could see large exchanges and merchants doing this and making peering agreements with each other to keep costs down. Others might charge fees based on how much bandwidth they have to use and equity they need to lock up but the fees would likely be orders of magnitude lower than on chain transactions because you do not need mining and you do not need to keep transactions around once newer transactions are made that replace them.
If it costs $2 now to make a bitcoin transaction it might cost $0.001 or even a fraction of a satoshi (only pay a satoshi after several transactions).
A lot more things can be done when costs are that low and the low cost of transactions would drive demand so that while each transaction is incredibly cheap you create so much value and so many transactions that fee revenue increases both for the relays and for miners who are able to sustain higher transaction fees for eventual on chain settlement due to the value created between settlement.
It would be better to have on chain scaling in addition to this but you will likely never see low value transactions like payments for coffee settled directly on a blackchain because it just doesn't make sense to duplicate such a transaction across hundreds of thousands of nodes for all time. 
@_date: 2017-01-15 03:16:06


Yes you can get around trusting one hardware provider by trusting a different hardware provider. 
@_date: 2016-06-13 06:46:19
Byzantine generals problem. 
@_date: 2017-08-12 11:40:07
No because forked coins represent a separate liquidity pool in that they are not fungible with bitcoin. When new fiat is printed each newly printed currency unit has equal legal standing as existing currency units so they directly dilute the value of existing currency when they are spent into an economy. New altcoins can pull demand away from bitcoin but they have to do so by offering their own value rather than diluting the existing value. Although they may in some cases be mistaken for what the overwhelming majority consider to be the real value in which case they can directly dilute for a time but even in that case the pool of liquidity remains separate in the end. 
@_date: 2017-01-01 23:48:49
Even without a switch, persistent linear inflation while infinite after an infinite number of years has an asymptotic inflation *rate*. At some point the inflation rate will drop below that of gold and then keep dropping even though the same nominal supply is being generated because the ratio of new coins to existing ones always drops. This may take longer than you might hope without a change to fixed a inflation rate that POS will bring but if you can call gold deflationary (supply decreases relative to industrial growth) then so are currencies that have fixed supply increases like Ether or Doge. 
@_date: 2016-06-24 00:58:28
~~What is frustrating to me is that the SF vs HF debate isn't even about getting the funds back any more. Its about getting them back in days rather than months. 
My speculation about this is that while the hard fork advocates are arguing to fork it now and fork it hard, they are not completely oblivious to the damage the hard fork will do to the reputation of the ethereum community. They just have a mental block on it while they are trying to get their funds back immediately. I expect only after they get the HF and they no longer have the motivation to propagandize it as a glorious solution will they then start to think about the implications.~~
Looks like its now HF or do nothing with no in-between because you cant filter transactions without allowing for a denial of service attack (transactions that force miners to do a vast amount of processing that dont end up in the blockchain and so cost nothing) 
@_date: 2017-08-03 03:18:24
    It can be phased in, like:
    
    if (blocknumber &gt; 115000)
        maxblocksize = largerlimit
    
    It can start being in versions way ahead, so by the time it reaches that block number and goes into effect, the older versions that don't have it are already obsolete.
    
    When we're near the cutoff block number, I can put an alert to old versions to make sure they know they have to upgrade.
This is a hard fork but its one that would have time to be adopted before it goes into effect. He doesnt talk about this being in consensus but earlier:
    +1 theymos.  Don't use this patch, it'll make you incompatible with the network, to your own detriment.
    
    We can phase in a change later if we get closer to needing it.
@_date: 2017-08-15 12:53:17
RemindMe! 15 years "almost 99% of all bitcoins have been mined!"
@_date: 2017-01-15 04:42:47
I trust different devices / procedures depending on how much value is at stake. I didn't say that trusting was bad / unreasonable. I just like to state it as a fact that its what you are doing when it is the reality of the situation. In the long run I believe that Intel or AMD will leak the keys used to sign their microcode updates. Maybe not directly themselves but I find it difficult to believe that companies relying so heavily on state support have not returned the favor or bowed to pressure and already granted access to 3 letter agencies. My main concern isn't even those 3 letter agencies but random contractors that have access to the exploit tools that the access is likely (in my opinion)  to become a part of. 
For hardware wallets the threat is more mundane. You are trusting the integrity of the hardware providers without any means to verify that trust. I put it at the same level of trust as holding a physical bitcoin where the key was generated by someone else. Either they kept the key or they didn't, either the hardware wallet provider bugged the random number generator or they didn't. It may be reasonable to trust them but only you can make that decision for yourself. 
@_date: 2017-08-15 16:58:56
The way the bitcoin is going they may be solvent in fiat terms soon enough. I do wonder what will happen to it once the bankruptcy proceedings are all done.  
@_date: 2017-08-25 18:18:29
Once Satoshi has sold his bitcoin to someone else he doesn't have his bitcoin any more. Compare that to central banks who if they lend fiat to governments can just generate more. Compared to that Satoshi doesn't really have that much economic influence. He can crash the market price maybe once or twice but that also may result in increased confidence because at that point people will see the funds dispersed into the economy.   
@_date: 2016-06-13 00:36:39
@_date: 2017-08-07 13:40:19
@_date: 2017-01-29 14:44:14
Absolutely. I didn't say its all bad. There are efficiency and security gains depending on what alternative you compare it to. 
@_date: 2017-08-14 18:29:22
Borrowing against assets in order to avoid realizing capital gains and so not generate a taxable event is not tax evasion. How could it be: you are not selling the asset, all you are doing is using it to demonstrate/ensure your ability to pay a loan. 
@_date: 2017-08-16 11:59:57


- attacker buys real opendime
- attacker d-caps the device retrieving the verification data of the device 
- attacker manufactures a new device that looks and acts identically to a real open dime in all ways including verification challenges because it has the real verification keys.
- When you generate a private key on this device however instead of generating a new key it just returns a predetermined private key from a seed that the attacker knows and can also generate
- attacker loads however much BTC on the device is needed to make the attack worthwhile
- attacker offers the device to you in exchange for goods 
- some time later, potentially after you have traded the device with someone else the attacker spends the funds loaded on the counterfeit device.
Additionally the attacker could add any sort of malware they please onto the device. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 19:22:01
This is how we coffee. 
@_date: 2017-08-27 19:17:22
Instructions unclear bought TenX tokens.
@_date: 2017-08-17 09:53:27
RemindMe! 16 days "What happened to the drive with all the BTC and BCH"
@_date: 2017-08-09 04:23:41
I would love to see someone ask Schiff how to reconcile subjective value theory with the concept of intrinsic value. I have seen Doug Casey do it by defining intrinsic value as the subjective value of a thing excluding its speculative value (ie all the use value but still subjective) but Doug when asked what the intrinsic value of gold is gave an estimate of $5, that is he estimates that by far the majority of the value of gold reflected in the price is due to it being used as a store of wealth, I guess that raises the question of what intrinsic component he thinks silver has but thats another good question for Schiff: how much of Golds value is intrinsic and how much is simply due to speculation that it will be valued in the future by others. He seems to like making this estimation about bitcoin because he doesn't personally subjectively value bitcoins use as a secure p2p payment system so it should be fair to answer honestly the same question about gold. It really comes down to how valuable gold would be if e is wrong and people (including governments and central banks) move away from gold as a store of value more than they already have.
@_date: 2017-08-16 13:13:03
So long as you get that the device is insecure for regular commerce then I guess thats fine then.
@_date: 2017-08-04 00:55:37
You should have the seed for that wallet backed up. If you move the BTC to a new address not on that seed (split) then use the seed to re-generate the wallet with a bitcoin cash client, pretty sure electrum cash would work, then you could get your BCH that way, otherwise you could wait and see if myceliem adds support for it.  Obviously dont ever use the seed again for bitcoin if you dont trust the bitcoin cash client.
@_date: 2016-11-24 23:33:11
Even if you include all the supporting industries to farming as farmers there is still a net increase in productivity. As someone who has been a farmer and then a factory worker (chicken processing) I have seen first hand the 1000 fold increase in productivity capital goods are able to generate. 
  
Also farmers pay taxes too. How do you know the net movement of wealth from taxation isnt away from primary industries? I find it difficult to believe that there is a flow of wealth from welfare recipients towards farmers for example... 


sure once you have wealth you can buy government power through regulations. I doubt though that fiat money is a net benefit to farmers rather than bankers. 
Are you supporting OPs assertion of the labor theory of value or do you just disagree with my gross generalization of agricultural productivity? I'm not particularly married to the statistical argument. A single example of people valuing a low labor cost good would have sufficed for me. 
@_date: 2017-08-26 13:43:27
If I recall correctly you had to perform an action to accept tips at the time they where given or the funds would go back to the tipper. Once accepted the funds would not expire. 
@_date: 2017-08-07 03:05:12
Prediction market bounties with the "I bet it wont happen" side of the prediction market being held by users who want it to happen. 
@_date: 2017-08-17 10:04:45
@_date: 2017-08-01 20:13:14
@_date: 2017-08-26 15:12:23
[looks like you did collect at least one tip]( so I dont know. 
@_date: 2017-08-07 03:19:07
What worries me more is the lack of physical security of our computing devices. It doesnt matter how great the software is when the hardware is backdoored or simply designed without any sort of hardware security that would prevent malware from owing a system completely if it can get past the software measures. 
There should be hardware wallet like systems built into computers that partition off applications and even operating systems from each other that have no business having access to the memory and control of other processes. 
Its understandable how physical security has been neglected to this point, its freaking expensive to design isolated systems within your computer that have their own separate isolated memory and processing as well as partitioning input and output peripherals and even harder to get it right but it can be done with custom devices like smart phones relatively cheaply, in fact pretty much everyone's smart phone has what I described built in already:  
 
@_date: 2017-08-08 13:28:55
Yes sir. Take a look at some bitcoin blocks: 
This one estimates the block reward to be worth  	$ 42,362.37 and the transaction fees from 1975 transactions to be worth  $ 3,757.50. If you think about it long before the block reward gets to zero the transaction fees will be worth more than the block reward. At least if everything goes according to plan. Bitcoin could be modified if it faces an existential crisis but this is unlikely to be the cause of one in my opinion.
@_date: 2017-08-27 00:45:24
I think you mean 6 schmeckles 
@_date: 2017-01-29 02:55:29


Not really. The federation would be a small group of people who are by definition already colluding. If there is any change to the protocol they want to force onto the federated chain they just have to make the protocol change and then let everyone know that you cant withdraw the deposits they control unless you are using the new protocol. 
@_date: 2017-08-03 05:19:41
This still leaves the question of what Satoshi would think about disagreement over protocol upgrades. Would Satoshi be a bitcoin maximalist or would he think the existence of altcoins is a good thing beyond them just being the equivalent of testnets for bitcoin? I could argue both ways: he does mention building something like namecoin but he also talks about something like side chains as the way to do that. Its an interesting thought but really people should be making up their own minds about what they want to support and whether or not you should trust what an "authority" says beyond valuing the argument on its merits. 
@_date: 2016-11-29 06:45:43
Normally "fiat" is not the concept you are referring to but value imposed by some institution either directly (eg price controls) or indirectly (legal tender law). Paper money is fiat when a government demand that people accept it at some value (they decree) or that they pay taxes with it (which requires that they acquire it and forces it to be valued according to what they would lose if they refuse). 
Bitcoin is not fiat in this sense. It only has value because people are willing to voluntarily accept it. Although you could argue that there is a small amount of value due to cases of ransomware it is not clear that ransomware is being used to back the bitcoin price to make ransomware easier in the way governments use taxation in fiat to make taxation easier.  
Anyway I what I think you are asking is how does bitcoin have any value at all. I think it comes down to just its usefulness as a currency combined with speculation. There are people who value the existence of bitcoin. Some where able to value it even before it existed. They just have to think "the world would be a better place with something like this in it" to these people it is worth it to buy bitcoins just to hold them and back the price. These original market makers where motivated by ideology. They are the crypto-anarchists and the anarcho-capitalists but also those that just thought it would be nice to have a money independent of the current crop of monopolists.
After that came the speculators. I think their behavior is more what you are talking about when you say fiat value even though their valuing of bitcoin is not really fundamentally different from the valuation of the ideologically motivated.
There are also those who actually need a cryptocurrency to trade. This includes things like the silk road and all of the market places that have sprung up since it was shut down. But also those trying to avoid fees, trade sanctions and private blockades.
@_date: 2017-08-25 17:50:21
Satoshi can only spend his BTC once. 
@_date: 2016-11-07 01:08:01
The rootstock federation can decide to block conversion of smart bitcoins to btc can they not? 
If the rootstock federation decides to censor a contract they could just provide a fork of the protocol and tell miners that BTC can be withdrawn from Rootstock blocks following the new protocol but not rootstock classic can they not? 
I know rootstock doesn't have speculators. You would though have speculators between a proposed protocol and the existing one. Normally this is a consensus mechanism but having a federation overrides this. 
@_date: 2016-12-31 02:31:03
Thats what I was getting at.
@_date: 2017-08-15 22:29:16
Do you know what price they where solvent at? That sucks that the liquidators are doing what liquidators do :-/ 
Not that I had any funds on gox when they went down. I've always been too paranoid to leave funds on exchanges.
@_date: 2017-08-08 12:53:52
In the year 2140 when the last mining reward is paid out miners will have to subsist on transaction fees. 
@_date: 2017-08-09 05:51:46
Yeah, I see all the contradictions and failue to extend his arguments against bitcoin to gold as well. For instance Maybe in the future a better designed cryptocurrency does come along and make bitcoin the myspace of digital currencies but that argument applies to gold also, its not just other metals competing with gold, bitcoin competes with it directly as a store of wealth without counterparty risk and anything that comes along to try and replace bitcoin will also be in competition with gold as well. If crypto currency is not limited in currency units because because you can always launch an altcoin then gold is not limited either in its ability to act as a store of wealth because you can always launch an altcoin that competes with gold. 
When it comes to intrinsic value I have seen the argument that even if markets go away you can always get value from gold by using it. Ie you can forge it into a spoon and use that. but what is that in terms of value? well its no different than its substitutes and you can make spoons out of all sorts of things even things that are just as resistant to corrosion if you include alloys and why not? 
I like Schiff by the way. I think he is an example of a very intelligent person in his specialized field of managing other peoples money and the fact that he doesn't change is mind and jump on fads (pretend I'm talking about all the other potential disruptive investments besides bitcoin) is a strength for what he does. Its also not as if he is against the use of bitcoin, his company has accepted it through bitpay afterall. He also does not recommend holding more than 10% of your net wealth in gold which is reasonable. 
That he doesn't "get" bitcoin as a store of wealth should really be no more offensive than bill gates storing his wealth in stocks and being perplexed at people trying to convince him otherwise. Schiff being who he is is more of a target for arguments because he is in the space of alternate wealth storage. If I was to meet him I wouldnt be pressing him about bitcoin but trying to harvest his actual special knowledge which is in as a broker dealer.
but otherwise I would just let him disagree about bitcoins value 
@_date: 2016-11-25 01:40:36
If I was going to follow a goldbug for their perspective it would be Doug Casey, at least he uses a sensible definition of intrinsic value (basically comes down to the hypothetical market value of a thing excluding monetary value) and is not afraid to estimate the intrinsic value of gold to be just slightly higher than that of copper while still being able to make the case for when gold might be useful to have. 
Peter Schiff bugs me to no end in his claims to be an Austrian economist while pushing supply side arguments (Austrian econ is value free so he should be prefacing all that with "its my opinion" or "I would prefer that this is done due to this effect predicted by Austrian econ") and his support for tariffs and consumption taxes as an alternate means to fund the state when these things are mathematically equivalent to trade sanctions and income taxes in the Austrian framework.
He is when it comes down to it willing to make good arguments but only when it supports selling his own book and asset gathering.  
@_date: 2017-08-13 20:29:55
Satoshi millionaire: 1000000 sat = 0.01 BTC
@_date: 2017-08-26 16:21:16
Googled 


Found [this one]( then updated the search to 


@_date: 2017-08-12 17:47:38
20 Schmeckles 
@_date: 2017-08-13 11:53:23
One off large payments would likely always be better done as direct payments but regular small transactions can be done without directly opening channels with everyone because Lightning transactions can be routed through who you have a channel with to who ever you want to pay so long as  there is a path of payment channels to that person. 
@_date: 2016-11-24 18:10:51


Nope, value is a subjective preference. human labor can produce things people value but it can also produce things they dont, the value of a thing has more to do with what it is and how people prefer that than how it was made. Of course if you have a strong preference for valuing things by labor then it is easy to mistake this personal view for something universal... until you try and sell something you worked hard to produce and no one wants. Then you can either accept you are wrong or try and make excuses for the theory.


Sure you need property to be able to buy things and that requires labor. But there is still a disconnect in the way people value things. My labor and the property it generates might be worthless to you. And the new things you value might be worthless to me.  


For a given value of labor. Sometimes a little labor is able to produce much more than a lot, especially when capital goods are involved and sometimes next to zero labor is able to produce a little wealth that is valued a lot (high value consumables) For example the industrial revolution has been able to drop the amount of labor required to produce food by 90%+ due to advances in technology and capital accumulation. We work far less and produce far more. 


All things are promoted by vested interests. Describing people who support a thing as people who want it isnt much of a criticism. That commodity money advocates want deflation is part of their argument, pointing it out is not a criticism but a description. 


And a small % controls the ability to create credit fiat from your promises to pay or directly inflate. What percentage of the money supply is the ability to create more of it? 


One example of a functioning money. One that has been used to fund wars and democides. Hundreds of millions of people forced to pay for the bullets that end their own lives. Even if you are right about money being just a unit of account, that does not mean people ought to support any particular unit of account. 
 


Could it be that people might want sovereignty from these entities? Maybe their idea of what a just public good is different somewhat from what the current batch of banking corporations and politicians which to fund...  maybe they dont feel exactly represented. Especially when strangers dictate to them what it means to exchange something as intimate as value.


It doesn't have to be. You are free to use whatever you want as money. No one here will stop you. If you approach the idea of a managed currency as something that is valuable rather then as something that must be forced onto people then I think you might have a better time arguing for it. There are stable currency and debt based currency projects in the crypto world. Not every bitcoin user is going to see the value but some might. Maybe you can do the same with fiat, show how it doesn't actually fund wars or contribute to state corruption by providing a source of funding to states that is disconnected from the population's will. If you can show how people who want to look after themselves, their community and their families can use fiat as a unit of account that does not result in wide spread missalocation of resources due to meddling in the measuring stick to push resources here or there. If you can demonstrate the soundness of having a single corporation with their hand on the money tap ready to turn it off and cause waves of bankruptcies and direct it at their member banks in times of deflation that they control I'm sure people will understand. 


Or maybe you just dont want to hear what people say.


Money is a catalyst. It can also be used as a tool of wealth redistribution. Who controls it is a matter of sovereignty. It is as important to an economy as blood. I think you know this though, otherwise you could just ignore the re-appearance of private money.


Who are you to say how people ought to live their lives and what they ought to value? 


Actually bitcoin did pay for the computer I am using. I bought bitcoin when people valued it much less than they do today, supporting the price back in 2011. Others where willing to work to make fiat to sell for BTC to pay me. Hopefully at some point our economy starts to close the loops of economic activity and in some areas those loops are being filled in simply because of the people who are given authority over fiat money are abusing their power allowing BTC to act as an alternative.


Your arguments are not exactly value free. What you have presented so far is not economics but a list of your own preferences asserted and ideology as if you have some sort of authority. 
  
 
@_date: 2017-08-30 20:23:39
With bitcoin you execute scripts when you make transactions, an address encodes a hash of the script you need to execute successfully for the transaction to be valid. The number of operations available with bitcoin is very limited, there are no loops and no memory you can write to or read from, everything has to be specified in the transaction which makes every transaction easy to profile in terms of its resource usage. 
With ethereum transactions can also contain scripts but instead of specifying the scripts every time you upload the script and you can call the script again and again in different transactions. Scripts have a wider range of available operations including looping and writing to memory. 
Because scripts can loop transactions can take different amounts of time executing when you interact with a contract. Some might use a lot of memory or a lot of processing so a method is needed for miners to know in advance the limit to resource usage. Ethereum does this by assigning a number to every type of operation that roughly correlates to the resource usage relative to other operations and transactions specify the maximum total of these units they will pay for and how much per unit they will pay in the native currency. This unit is called gas because there is an awkward analogy to be made between fueling a car and a contract. 
With these contracts anyone can build whatever they want like new currencies and exchanges for currencies or weird and insecure governance mechanisms. To write contracts most people use a programming language Solidity that looks a bit like javascript which is compiled to the actual bytecode of the contract. 
There is a lot more complexity to this which means a lot of places things can go wrong but it does allow you to do things you currently cannot do with bitcoin, at least trustlessly. 
@_date: 2016-11-07 00:29:40
Whats to stop rootstock from doing that even without agreement from 51% of miners and speculator support, since its the federation that controls the value of the chain (having control over the BTC that backs it)? 
@_date: 2016-12-14 10:32:53
@_date: 2017-08-24 18:21:17
It seems to me hat oscillation in hashrate are much more impactful to the smaller chain because 10% of bitcoins hashrate moving over then coming back might mean a 100%+ swing in the altcoin's hashrate and if the altcoin continues to ratchet its difficulty down to deal with it the problem will be increasingly worse for the alt in comparison.
It seems likely to me that if this continues eventually bitcoin cash will have to switch to a more fine grained difficulty adjustment algorithm so that there are no long periods where its difficulty mismatches its block rewards. We sore some creative solutions to this problem during the script altcoin boom: 
@_date: 2016-12-05 20:35:35
Cant wait for them to come out and say that bitcoin is now approved for personal use. 
@_date: 2016-11-25 07:23:46


RSK uses the Ethereum EVM with some small changes to the fee structure. The biggest change I can see would be that RSK has ongoing fees for contracts taking up space. Someone would need to pay for that but it wouldn't require much of a change to get that done by market makers or reporters.  
A bigger concern for me would be censorship. Until RSK becomes part of the bitcoin protocol which is something I dont see bitcoin miners supporting without a much bigger fight than the block size debate, RSK will remain an IOU for bitcoins held by a corporation using a multisig account. While that is the case the fund holder will at any time be able to push a fork by writing a new protocol then simply declaring that withdrawals will only be processed on that fork. 
Failure to follow consensus with Ethereum can produce a fork with at least some price even if it rapidly declines (ETC) but failure to follow the backer of the BTC IOUs leaves you with nothing. So long as that is the case there is a set of known people that can be pressured by governments. 


Yes they could so long as token holders report on both chains. Who owns the tokens would inevitably diverge though along with the price on each chain. 
@_date: 2016-12-14 16:23:51
I know, was being sarcastic. I'm aware of how much inflation there has been here. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 19:28:48
you didnt just buy coffee. You bought coffee and recorded it across thousands of nodes for the rest of human history. Coffee just doesn't need that level of security. It doesn't need to be remembered for all of time.
Payments like this which its ok for the world to forget about are for layer 2 solutions like the lightning network or even a regular old payment service provider until layer 2 solutions make them redundant. 
@_date: 2016-11-21 01:15:53
Fiat transaction fees make it unprofitable to arbitrage the price in a timely manner keeping the prices from quickly evening out. 
@_date: 2016-11-21 21:54:11
@_date: 2016-12-26 22:13:07
Gresham's applies specifically to situations where you have 2 currencies that are pegged or 2 different expressions of the same currency (coins vs notes or in the example Andreas was pointing out notes and notes that will become invalid). The observation is that people will tend to spend the lower valued of the pair and keep the higher valued of the pair resulting in the higher value of the pair disappearing from circulation. The opposite happens when you don't have a peg since market prices would reflect the difference in value of the different currency types making the only real distinguishing factor in what is used for trade to the trade specific properties of the currency.
Its good to see that Andreas used the term correctly when identifying a situation where there is a currency peg and isnt just throwing the term out there to sound smart. 
@_date: 2018-06-09 04:32:14
I have $21 worth of pizza willing to buy it at $0.000001, so you're safe.
@_date: 2018-06-10 03:38:14
If it goes low enough and enough people give up on it that it can be easily attacked or just rot through lack of support (patching bugs, making compatible clients for system changes etc) then it can do a thing that is equivalent to gong to zero. It can just stop functioning. I dont think its at all likely but there is precedent with altcoins that have failed and been mostly forgotten. Tenebrix for example was the first script PoW altcoin but its no longer a functioning network. No one can buy and sell it so its price is effectively zero. I find it hard to imagine this happening to bitcoin but "can't" is an absolute statement that can be refuted by the physical possibility of a zero price or zero prices. I we could also die leaving only those people who do not value it, maybe a global apocalypse of some sort would do it. 
@_date: 2016-12-26 04:25:53
And I'm now browsing in German...
@_date: 2016-12-31 02:15:54
He was certainly influential though. Lots of peoples lives where touched by the policies outlined in the communist manifesto. 
EDIT: guys I agree. His policies are responsible for the deaths of tens of millions or more. Thats what I was getting at. You dont have to be good to be influential. 
@_date: 2016-12-14 03:37:34
But the increase in use of notes was disproportionately in favor of higher denominations, a sure sign of criminal intent. 
@_date: 2017-11-10 17:03:56
I got funds trapped there too and the lack of warning about the change of policy incredibly frustrating. 2 days to withdraw 2 btc turned into 80 days if I log on every day to withdraw and now my account is just locked. I probably will end up verifying but it pisses me off because last exchange I verified got hacked and leaked my passport photo. I dont want to give an exchange even my phone number after that experience. 
@_date: 2015-08-03 08:07:05
Fiat is way more skewed than that. Not only can they print another 10% they can do it again once they do it again. If Satoshi spends his coins he can only do it once. 
@_date: 2017-11-01 17:38:38
For a blockchain its where the network reaches an agreement on some state for example whether a block is valid. For bitcoin consensus is reached by having every node operating so that they consider the longest (most difficult to produce) chain of valid blocks  as the correct chain. Consensus is reached on a block when a block has propagated through the network or if there are multiple blocks at the same height when blocks coming after those blocks add to the chain in such a way that the network again agrees on that block or rejects it.  
Sustained forks are regarded as consensus failures unless they are intentionally altered protocols in which case they are a different network. 
@_date: 2017-11-22 03:00:53
Banks wont short bitcoin but they will give you the option to short bitcoin on their platform. That is a very important distinction. Back in the day when I was a goldbug there used to be this meme "buy silver crash JP Morgan" the idea was that it was very easy to see large short positions on the books of JP Morgan and if you could buy up silver you might be able to make them go bust. The problem is that JP is not net long or short so they ended up making record profits the year that that campaign was going on from all of the trading volume that was being processed.
If you really want to know who shorts the fuck out of gold the most obvious place to look at is gold producers. They can use futures markets to essentially forward sell their production and hedge the value of their production assets. The banks and hedge funds take the opposite side of that deal to have inflation protection but it makes no sense for any of these actors to advertise their positions. If anything I would not be surprised if it wasn't members of JP's own organization spreading fake news that they are somehow threatened by rising prices of commodities that they act as a broker in the futures market for. They make money regardless of the direction of price movements and the more movement and open interest the better.  
 
@_date: 2015-08-03 09:01:36
Central banks. 
@_date: 2017-11-02 15:37:11
@_date: 2017-11-21 02:31:16
It would have lowered liquidity dramatically. Basically you would have a high price but no one to sell to. 
It would also kill all of the development and community building that resulted from people motivated by their investment. 
There would be an ever present threat of early adopters unloading into a market that is unwilling to buy at those prices.  
@_date: 2017-11-06 15:13:56
Couldn't you just group chained transactions together and place them into the sequence ordered by the first txid in the group?
@_date: 2017-11-25 07:31:08
@_date: 2017-11-18 02:04:19
I would not be all that worried about telling her about your 100 BTC 
@_date: 2015-07-17 07:37:48


Couldn't you just ask your customer whats up? 
@_date: 2015-07-03 22:46:00
The reason this works is cryptography and economic incentives, decentralization is the desired result.
@_date: 2015-07-19 00:09:54


Australia 
@_date: 2015-07-25 23:56:13
I assume you mean delusional in the sense that he believes others will value the tokens when they will not. If that's the case then no one will burn bitcoins and his venture will fail or only other delusional people will burn bitcoins and then you will have a community of delusional people attributing false value to the new system... sort of like how bitcoin works. 
The key here is that all value is subjective. Even those commodities you reference are only valuable because people have delusions of value about their own existence and those commodities help satisfy those delusions through the functions they enable.  
The market price is simply the marginal delusional value. That figure in which increasing it results in the people with the delusion that it ought to be lower will sell and decreasing it results in those people with the delusion that it ought to be higher will buy. 
@_date: 2016-02-14 09:52:11
I can add that they both also end in "i" so we have started the peer review process.
@_date: 2017-04-29 23:11:21


look up the sending address on the block explorer, if you can identify any of the iputs as coming from an address you know is theirs then you are done.
If you cant then you will need to have them prove they own one of the sending addresses. The simplest way to do this is to get them to sign a message (say their name) with one of the addresses. You could also give them a random number to sign this way you cant prove to anyone else that they own the address but its still proven to you. 
If they deposited from an exchange its more complicated to prove. You and your depositor might have to come to some agreement with the exchange for the exchange for them to testify that the transaction cam from their account because all outgoing transactions (at least for a period of time) might come from a shared hot wallet.
In the future you can just give them a specific address to deposit into and just assume all funds going to this address comes from them. 
@_date: 2015-07-18 23:55:54
It wasnt just that they where margin called. The majority of the people buying futures contracts are not doing it because they want the underlying commodity. They are making bets on the future price or they are hedging other positions. Its also not as if they can take physical delivery, a futures contract is like a bond: its a contract for some amount at some point that may be years in the future. Can you imagine a bank that has bught several tons of silver futures to hedge their fixed interest investments arriving to find that that silver was delivered, wtf would they do with it? 
Every commodity, especially non financial ones like corn and wheat have futures markets that have many multiples of the underlying commodity being traded but its not real wheat and corn, its next years corn and the year after that and the year after that. Its the reason a loaf of bread costs the same during the winter as it does in the summer and why gold miners are able to pay their workers even when the price of gold drops. 
You are right though, the Hunt brothers borrowed too much, but that just means their creditors (Saudi oil corporations) did not want to take physical delivery either especially when seeing the price drop from $50 to $10 just on the banks pulling out of their *net long* COMEX positions. Its funny, banks are always net long on commodities because they are always hedging their positions but they are blamed for the manipulation since they broker the short positions. If you really want to find the manipulators it would be the gold miners because they are always net short.
The Hunt brothers would have done much better if they stuck to buying sugar for oil and only settling in silver. The idea that they would try and force up the price of an instrument they where using for settlement is insane. Its like: I want less of the thing I settle my oil sales in because I already have 10% of the world supply. The only outcome of that even if they didnt use leverage is that more silver miners would fire up and glut the supply. Its not like silver is in short supply. Its been going down in price relative to gold since 1477  pretty much since governments stopped pegging silver to gold using faulty economic reasoning: assuming that a 16:1 or 20:1 ratio in supply means the same ratio ought to apply to price with the end result being that gold the undervalued commodity was hoarded and silver the overvalued asset ended up being used as money because it was not worth hording in comparison (given the choice I'd pay people in silver rather than gold when they are pegged at 20 silver to 1 gold every time)
@_date: 2017-04-19 02:56:36
Heisenberg's Satoshi is better because the closer we get to finding his location the less certain we are about his identity.
@_date: 2017-04-28 07:46:46
@_date: 2016-02-26 21:51:26
Encrypted paper wallet inserted between the back of the phone and the phone case. This is also compatible with non android phones. 
@_date: 2015-07-18 12:04:20


When the hunt brothers where attempting to buy up as much silver as they could the COMEX did just that. They changed the rules to force buyers of silver futures to take physical delivery. Do you know what happened next? 
@_date: 2016-02-27 22:51:01
There is also a non zero chance of them eventually getting your money if they just setup a script to try indefinitely. 
@_date: 2016-02-06 01:25:14
Nothing wrong with fractional reserve banking if no one is forced to use it and no one is passing off an FRN as anything other than a fractionally backed IOU. 
@_date: 2012-05-14 11:01:57
I think those words come with their own problems as well. I do not believe that there is any objective morality. That is to say I do not believe there is any preferred state or preferred behaviour for people to have or follow that is outside of an individuals (or possibly a collective's, if you believe in that) own subjective preferences. So I don't see a case for telling other people that their behaviour is immoral that is more truthful than simply saying that I don't like what they are doing. If I say something is immoral then you can simply counter "no it is not" and that would be just as true as the different declarations of what a sin and what a crime are. 
Unethical is a little better for the purpose in my opinion but I would like it if you would tell me what you think unethical means.
@_date: 2012-12-13 08:42:44
I wonder what boxxy thinks of bitcoin...
@_date: 2012-08-07 09:56:20
[$2,375 right now]( for a high resolution 3d printer. 
@_date: 2012-12-03 09:09:51
Your bitcoin address is a hash of your public key, the reason for using a hash instead of just using the public key to identify who gets bitcoin is because once your public key becomes publicly known it is far less secure since people might try and figure out your private key from it (and from that take control of the bitcoins associated with it). When you send bitcoins you have to verify your private key matches the address so that means signing the transaction with your private key and revealing your public key to the network so that the signature can be verified to the public key and the public key to the address. Now if it wasn't written into the protocol that change gets sent to a different address in your wallet then it would stay in the same address with the publicly known public key. Putting the change in another address makes things more secure. Knowing this you should probably throw away an address once you have spent from it and not fund it any more. If it is funded then I would shift the funds out as soon as possible.
@_date: 2016-02-06 01:36:29
"PayPal 2016 Big Game Commer..." This video is no longer available due to a copyright claim by PayPal Inc.. 
@_date: 2012-12-23 20:09:24


It allows you to do that. If you and I have 10 people in common that each allow for $100 credit then I could pay you $1000 which would result in me owing those 10 people $100 each and those 10 people owing you $100 each. 
@_date: 2012-10-14 01:10:31
You could use this argument to guilt anyone who does anything. 
However without some resources put into a medium of exchange you would have no medium of exchange and so no way to fund scientific research. 
There are people already accepting bitcoins to do research and if the market continues to develop for kickstarter like funded bitcoin science projects then you will have a truly global funding base for research independent of state and corporate influence. 
A fair comparison of resources put into bitcoin over one particular thing to spend those resources on (oh won't someone please think of the children!) would also include an evaluation of the resources put into maintaining a quasi-private state protected monopoly on the creation of money including the resources put into maintaining its military supremacy (used to keep the petro dollar demand) and commodity backing (central bank reserves of property, gold etc). 
@_date: 2012-12-03 04:50:15
Why should someone have to move when they are not the ones imposing a system. Shouldn't it be all the people advocating for social policies that ought to go off in into the woods and try it out safely first. 
@_date: 2012-11-12 08:21:34
This is why Australians are better off using private couriers. They get more protection for their mail that way since a private companies can't just snoop through peoples mail claiming its for their own protection (unless of course they get permission from the customer). Its a pity that it is illegal to deliver a package under 250 grams without charging 4 times what Australia post charges making illegal to compete with them on price. 
@_date: 2012-12-23 09:36:27
When you pay someone with ripple you are actually paying them with an IOU. There is no actual cash involved within the ripple system itself although the IOU might be for a number of dollars or euros or ounces of gold or potatoes (whatever). Now at some point the person who accepted your IOU might want you to make good on that IOU and might demand that you pay up. Its called settlement if you do that and its just like buying a good with your IOU but instead you are selling a good (money) for your IOU back.
The amount of IOUs that you can offer people is only limited by other peoples willingness to accept them. If you demonstrate the ability to buy back your IOUs (by providing goods and services or by settling your debts) then this will likely increase how much people are willing to trust you. 
The way you pay someone who is not willing to accept your IOU is to pay with an IOU from someone they do extend credit to. You can only do that by trading your IOU through the people you know to the people they know. This means that your payment is limited by how much credit is accepted by the people between you and the person you wish to pay. 
You can extend as much credit to whoever you like but people have to accept your credit before you can pay anyone and if you extend credit to someone untrustworthy then they could use up the credit people have extended to you by getting themselves in debt to you and you in debt to someone else but never coming good on their promise. Its the fear of that happening that is the real limitation on the growth of credit. 
@_date: 2012-10-04 10:15:32
Now prices are stable in DBTC but my balance of DBTC are fluctuating :P
@_date: 2012-12-13 06:32:56
If an hour has gone past without finding a block what are the odds that the bock will not be found in the next 10 minutes? 
@_date: 2012-12-10 05:02:34
Bitcoin seems to mash all of the same speculative buttons as gold and silver do, people think by supporting it now they will be rewarded by the price of bitcoin growing as a percentage of the economy it enables (just as a lot of goldbugs see the price of gold going up to match the fiat money supply) Whether or not these people are correct about bitcoin or gold or some other currency: ripple seems to completely lack this speculative aspect. It seems like a lot of hard work to build a network of trusted credit relationships and at the end of it you would get a free market in currencies but what is in it for the early adopters? What is the "special sauce" that will get people into ripple?  
@_date: 2012-12-04 11:25:35


People always think this way about every thing governments provide yet you live in a country where the government does not provide things that are thought of as basic rights like food and you get fed just fine. All that happens is the companies that make it easiest, best value or with the best service take over what people thought only the state could provide. That is of course if competition is allowed. I'm not a big fan of privatisation if its with monopoly rights you might as well stick with socialism the get fascism, at least you know who is fucking you. 


Can I come wash your car without your permission then demand payment?  would it matter if I had 100 people saying you should, what about 10 million? what changes when you have more people agreeing? Does rape become ok too if the majority support it? The government that you believe in was set up to avoid democracy. it failed miserably. I recommend you read what the fouunders of your country said about mob rule.  


who is this "we" that has agreed upon it? It wasn't the native population, or the black slaves or the white convicts or the women or the children. They had no say in the matter when the system got started. Keep in mind there was a civil war as well so the ones that lost that war had no say also. Also initially you could not vote if you didn't own land and even if you did vote thats not the same as having a say in the system of government. How many people do you think actually decided to have things the way they are vs people either forced into it or swept away in the inertia of it all? 


You are talking like you own the place. Tell me how does one own land in the way governments do? How do they get the right to tell me to leave my home? What magical spell did they have to say to pull that one out of their ass? As far as I can tell its because they educated you. They whispered into your ear when you where a baby that you are part of something bigger then yourself and that you owe them something for everything you have. They sold you into debt slavery to foreigners before you where born and they shower you with services so long as you promise to put your own children into the tax system. They own you, thats why you would have to leave if you wanted something new. Its not your home to change the rules its the states property wherever you go. There will never be any freedom for you. but so long as your happy with the with them running more and more of your life its ok right? 
I am against the state wiping my ass. If they introduced a law that says they have to do it for me then would you be telling me to leave over that? Im not against having shit on me. Im for wiping my own ass, paying for the roads I use with the money that is taken in fuel tax, buying my own education with the money that is taken with property tax. And helping the poor get out of poverty instead of paying them to stay in it. I'm for fighting the terrorists the way the swiss do (by not selling them weapons and training and securing your own damn towns without an occupying force) and doing it on my own dime like you would pay for any other service (withought a state holding your hand and taking 90% for themselves)
I know how uncomfortable this must sound to you. And for that I say wake up a little to the fact that the state is using military force in place of police not just outside the country in the 900 external  military bases but in cities across the continent. Ever wonder why the germans didn't do anything about the nazis? it was because they where the law, they where the police and they had people like you backing them up saying if you don't like it you can leave. They voted them in too. And they passed their own patiort act with indefinite detention clauses. Of course none of this ought bother you if you think that anything a government does is just fine. 
@_date: 2012-12-12 10:08:21
When you send bitcoins you send a message to the network which contains the information about the transaction as well  as your public key and it is all signed by your private key. The miners verify that the signature matches the public key which verifies that you are the owner of the account. The miners pack the transaction into a block along with other transactions and sign it with their keys in the hope of it becoming the new accepted block and the block is dispersed throughout the network to compete with all the other blocks being mined. Your transaction is verified again by everyone's clients along with their verification of the winning block as a whole. 
~~Once you have sent a transaction your client will send any change from the address to another address in your wallet because the public key has now been revealed making that address far less secure. It is important that you stop using an address to receive bitcoins once you have sent bitcoins out of it for this reason.~~ edit: see reply by pwuille
@_date: 2012-12-12 18:05:29


your wallet contains many addresses. new addresses are simply added to it as needed or if you tell the client to add new addresses. Its all handled by the software of the client. 
@_date: 2012-01-28 03:24:13
A carry trade is an arbitrage on interest rates. You borrow money at a low interest rate and lend it at a high interest rate, earning the difference between the two interest rates minus fees. 
It can be very profitable with high leverage but there is a high risk if the high interest rate security is in a different currency (where most carry trades can be found due to different central banks deciding to manipulate rates for different reasons) because the value of the high interest rate currency could fall. 
@_date: 2012-12-12 10:44:08
Thanks for correcting my understanding. I'll have to do a bit more reading on public key cryptography to determine if the difference in security is really isn't significant. 
@_date: 2012-01-10 06:42:32
Maybe you could create a price floor bot that people could donate to and its only job would be to buy if the price falls below the floor and sells once its over that point and pays out a percentage to the donators. The bot would grow over time if it gets the right price level making a resistance point to slow down the volatility. 
@_date: 2012-12-25 19:31:21
Live long and prosper. 
@_date: 2012-09-02 06:45:05
Good for them. If only they financed their entire operation on donations. 
@_date: 2012-11-30 07:52:18
@_date: 2012-01-28 03:04:11
Or what if an anonymous troll is selling items just to lock the money in escrow. 
@_date: 2016-09-30 10:22:05
There has been a ripple in the matrix
@_date: 2012-05-14 10:36:47
So its like the word sin. A sin is whatever the church declares to be a sin. Like homosex or wearing 2 different types of fabric at the same time?
@_date: 2012-09-22 21:55:54
Why should bitcoin have a price at some ratio to the supply of gold? 
@_date: 2012-11-24 01:05:35
you could also create a [bootable usb stick]( with a copy of the page on it and just boot from that on any computer (unplug it from the internet to be sure)
@_date: 2012-12-04 04:44:31


And I believe that you should ask for permission before providing someone a service. If you do not ask for permission and do something good for someone then they do not have to pay. Its the governments fault there are freeloaders, they are the one forcing people to accept them as the sole provider or to accept the corporations they choose as the sole provider of services. All of your moral arguments are all one way, the individual has an obligation to the state and the state has no obligation to do anything what so ever. The state kills people and claims it is in my benefit, where is my refund for that? Souldn't they have to pay the money back when they make a promise and don't come through, if it was a free transaction this would be the case but when they force you to pay suddenly it though luck. Nothing the state provides is something I want them to provide (I want to pay someone who does not kill and torture people and fund terrorism and corporatism)
You may like the system as it is and so for you it wouldn't be slavery but for someone who is forced to pay for something they would see as immoral it is the same. 


not at all but the movie theater does not charge me just because I was born in the same city. If they came into my home and put on a show then I would be asking them to leave just as I think people should ask the government to get out of their lives then set up what they are selling in such a way that people can then choose it if they wish. As is people where never given a choice about the system itself anymore then if the theater company had given you a choice if it had set up in your home then asked you to vote on what movie to watch. 
@_date: 2012-11-28 10:54:28
If the electron having gone through both slits can then interfere with itself does that mean the live kitty would interact with the dead one? 
@_date: 2016-09-25 02:41:53
Are early mined coins mined to public keys or to hashes? If they are mined to a hash and not moved then the public key is not revealed and quantum computers wont help move the funds. 
@_date: 2012-05-14 10:44:09
Very well then. So is there a word you would accept that means what unimatrix means by crime. That is the set of behaviour that encompass the initiation of force or fraud? That could be use to state its not a "blank" so who cares? It may be the case that the word crime needs an alternative so that the people who see governments as "blank" can communicate that idea to the people who do not.
@_date: 2012-11-14 04:59:24
How would they get people to accept a side protocol? would this constitute an attack on the network or an infiltration of it? 
@_date: 2016-09-12 02:53:10
To add to that USD on gox was trapped and BTC was not. People where selling their Gox USD at a discounted rate. If you want the true price of BTC during that time you need to find how much gox usd people where willing to trade for a non-gox usd and discount for that rate. 
@_date: 2016-09-26 02:27:42
[Here is a list of exchanges that have been hacked]( so you know that this is not a theoretical problem. Bitcoin banks get robbed on a regular basis because they are very public targets, because computer security is hard and because of the need to allow for user initiated withdrawals makes it so that at least some funds must be unlocked and so vulnerable. 
If you have to use an exchange its a good idea to limit your exposure. Only give them a little money at a time and withdraw what you are buying before giving them more.
@_date: 2012-12-03 17:40:08
You have not made an ~~adequate~~ *any* case for me to leave, *other than that you personally think I should*. I would rather stay here and enjoy my life with the people that I get along with and reject people like you. You seem to think that I have some debt to the system just because I was born here. This is not the case, I do not accept it. I will fight against having my wealth and my life  used to kill people. That alone is enough. You seem to be fine ording me to stay and give money to killers or leave. Work for the plantation or leave. Yo do realize the whole world is covered in plantations right? Its covered in them because there are people like you wherever one might go so even if I did find a bare stretch of earth free from some mob of rulers they would just set up shop there too and sy that they own the place. People defied that on this patch of eath by your own logic you should leave because this patch of earth was deemed a place to fight tyrants not legitimize their claim to ownership of everyone. 
@_date: 2012-11-14 07:05:11
Then the mail for the private companies will weigh 10 times as much and take up ten times as much space so 1/10th as much mail could fill a given vehicle. This wouldn't be such a problem where the mail is not filling up the transport but for transport between major major population centers it would end up costing 10 times as much. But that's not the point, why should they have to jump through hoops to bring people better service at a lower cost? Why not just scrap the law that says this company should have special treatment because it is government owned? Its not like Australia Post is a tax payer funded entity, it makes a profit by over charging people to send letters and pays that profit mostly to its members. Why should Australia Post workers get special treatment and the guys in any of [these]( companies?
@_date: 2012-12-03 06:30:36
I prefer just to disregard the rules I did not choose. I don't believe being born into a situation makes that situation justifiable any more than saying a baby should be a slave because he was born on a slave plantation. If the founders got to reject king George why not reject this system which is just as tyrannical? It is after all the law that people have the right to reject the government (not that it matters). Of course the real reason people do not change things is because they are scared of the government. because they know the politicians will send people to shut you down or kill you if you do anything to threaten their power (like peacefully minding your own business in a way that does not give them a cut of your wealth). And there are people like you willing to justify it. 
@_date: 2017-09-28 09:59:51
The person sending a transaction decides what fee they want to include. To make the most money a miner will fill a block ordered by how high the fees are in each transaction and if a block is full the transactions that cant fit stick around in the mempool which is just a name for temporary memory containing the pool of transactions not yet in blocks.
Its a marketplace. Fees are going to get higher if there is more demand because the space for transactions is limited in time. 
If you send a transaction with too low a fee its because other people sending transactions are out bidding you. There are a few options:
- wait until a miner adds it anyway / the network gets quieter 
- make another transaction using the same inputs that pays a higher fee (replace by fee)
- make a transaction that uses the outputs of your unconfirmed transaction that pays a high enough fee to pay for itself and your stuck transaction. 
Some transactions like buying your morning coffee dont really need to be stored on thousand of computers for all time but instead just need security in the moment and after that can be forgotten. The lightning network allows any number of transactions off chain between 2 parties before settling the final balance on chain. These channels can be chained together to form a payment network on top again with low cost because transactions are not stored once they are done or transmitted to everyone. Miners still have to be able to mine the transactions that open and close channels but each transaction on chain would represent far more utility than a regular transaction. 
Fees on the lightning network would be worked out by the individual members of the system and would likely look something like the peering agreements that ISPs make, ie you dont pay if you are relaying information back anf forth between friends but if a whole bunch of users are connecting to you then you might want to charge a small fee to not be spammed and to pay for your services but with the very low cost and low barrier to entry it would be hard to extract too much. I imagine exchanges would be the first to make the lightning network worth using because they could connect together a lot of users and other exchanges.
 
@_date: 2016-09-25 05:24:36


I wouldn't be so certain about that. Satoshi did say [you should never delete a wallet]( so as long as he isn't dead I think its likely that he still has the keys backed up somewhere.
It could just be that he is wealthy enough that the risk of moving the funds outweighs the immediate value of spending them. I wouldn't be too shocked if the funds started moving if quantum computers became an imminent threat.
I just hope that the threat is gradual enough that the protocol can be changed well before its needed. Especially before attacks that can take unconfirmed transactions and break the key before confirmation. In that case I think you would need some form of pre-commit built into public key reveals. 
@_date: 2017-09-28 10:05:22
!RemindMe! 10 years 
@_date: 2017-09-28 19:31:31
I didnt get a message so I'm guessing that it did not work.
@_date: 2017-09-10 15:22:00
I too remember that someone is already doing this. 
@_date: 2017-10-24 08:11:26


Ironically that is a fraudulent claim. Things are not fraudulent just because politicians say so or neglect to positively claim that they are not fraudulent. But let me indulge you on this one. Which particular politician or group of them would be required to back bitcoin for it to not be a fraud? Would a state granted monopoly like the federal reserve claiming it is not a fraud be enough or would it have to come from a legislative branch of government? Are commodities like copper or aluminium fraudulent? I doubt that any government has come out and said that they are not fraudulent let along provided a government backing for these things, I sure would be more confident in the laws of physics if the chemical nature of things where explicitly endorsed and insured by government. Maybe Donald trump can come out and make a speech about it. 


Could you give a definition of intrinsic value that is distinct from physical properties. Physical properties are intrinsic but they are not necessarily valued or valued consistently.
Could you also apply this reasoning to why the US government or any government values fiat currency. What is intrinsic about their relationship to the currencies they "back" either directly or through a state granted monopoly like the FED. 


This is true. Bitcoin has no counterparty. Of course not having someone who can decide that [86% of a currency in circulation is no longer valid]( does have its up sides or just inflate a currency in general. Sure is nice to have someone to blame when they screw you. But you know some people might like there not being a person in charge to screw you. And none of this makes the case for it being a fraud in the absence of a counterparty. 


Again what is objective about this relationship. How is this an intrinsic property of the USD? Enforcement of laws including legal tender laws are subject to the whims of politicians. They can decide at any time as an organisation to stop backing any currency they "back" there are economic reasons for them not to, its awfully profitable to control the money other people use even indirectly but there are countless examples through history of governments deciding to drop one currency in favor of another. The US has done this with the demonetization of gold and silver notes, confiscating the underlying assets. With that in mind again what is intrinsic about it? 


You can understand people without allowing their philosophy to shape the language of the conversation. I can understand that a person thinks something is a fraud if its not state backed while simultaneously pointing out how illogical or irrelevant that is due to the very nature of fraud being redefined as something people do not actually care about or due to the extraordinary amount of hypocrisy involved in the argument.  
@_date: 2018-03-25 04:55:32
@_date: 2017-09-10 14:33:44
Relevant username.
@_date: 2017-10-23 23:41:01


Asimov showed that a constitution doesn't work really well to keep AI from doing bad things, they always find a way around the 3 laws. 
@_date: 2017-10-19 01:31:42


but what if your loved ones are everyone else who uses bitcoin in proportion to their holdings?  
@_date: 2017-10-10 20:33:04
Best decoy Satoshi there is. 
@_date: 2017-10-30 06:05:07
I'm not going to argue with you on the validity of what you perceive as the point. I have to ask though how you get to that being the point from what was said:


This is still false even if they intended to make some other point. 
@_date: 2017-10-19 03:04:17
That anti-capitalism though. 
@_date: 2017-10-26 16:03:28
They get a percentage of the rootstock block rewards so long as the ethereum virtual machine is not soft forked into bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-10-08 23:02:48
Societal expectations are really societal *demands* or at least demands from an influential group within society. 
@_date: 2015-04-25 13:27:13
Yeah, I was just giving an example reserve ratio to help with the explanation. 
@_date: 2015-04-25 04:12:06
khanacademy explains it much better than I could:
@_date: 2016-09-23 21:37:39
I hear Apple has one for blocks with round corners. 
@_date: 2015-04-25 02:59:07
Thats not exactly how fractional reserves work. For every dollar they get they can loan out 90c with a 10% reserve ratio. Its only when the money is re-deposited that they can loan out more which is where you get multiples of the original amount. But each time that happens the amount that can be reloaned is reduced by the reserve ratio which is where you get the hard limit of 9 from. 
@_date: 2015-04-25 03:02:02
Satoshi cant print more bitcoins. He can sell his but he can only do that once. Central banks can take a percentage every year indefinitely. 
@_date: 2015-04-06 03:46:49
Or you should not use Caesar's money at all and tax is something he actually avoided making a statement on because it would have resulted in him being killed much sooner. 
@_date: 2017-10-04 21:48:25
Also it takes longer for large metal objects to melt because more mass needs to heat up and heat is drawn away from any particular hot spot. 
@_date: 2015-04-25 02:39:40
[Jobs also donated to charity in secret](
@_date: 2017-10-30 02:42:06


This is simply incorrect. There can still be 51% attacks on a 1 conformation block with the longest chain rule, it just takes another block being found across the world with a conflicting transaction in it and another block mined on that before the network discovers that the longest chain is no longer the first one. The odds may be low and diminish asymptotically with confirmations but it is always a probabilistic process.
There are also potential manufactured situations. For instance if a transaction is significantly larger than the block reward and a miner with enough mining power to get ahead now and again also somehow manages to isolate the network traffic of a target exchange (unlikely for sure but the statement was an absolute one, its something the ISP of the exchange or one of their technicians partnering with a major pool might be able to pull off) then a miner could feed in a forked chain, remove funds in another currency while making sure the transaction on the real longest chain is replay protected. This is something any one wanting to slap together an exchange needs to understand so they can take steps to ensure their network connectivity or at the very least suspend or delay deposits if network connectivity is not great enough.
But yeah, once you relax the criteria for finality to some probability (I think its better to think of it in terms of money lost by changing the history vs money gained from an attackers perspective) you can find a number of conformations that fits that definition. 
You cant just dismiss the economic value of the tokens in making this calculation. Hashrate is only a meaningful value when comparing to the value of the tokens being secured because its the cost of the hashing power wasted by making forks that is the deterrent to making them. 
Also its not exactly hashpower that provides security but hashpower relative to whats available. You can increase hashpower and decrease security if you are adding a large amount of low cost hashpower to a centralized actor. 
@_date: 2011-07-03 05:01:07
"You can't talk to stupid" Got it.
@_date: 2011-06-17 16:03:43
Depending on how quickly you could verify the bitcoin transactions you could request payment per MB sent. The smaller the better that way the seeder can't just accept a payment then boot you: they might get 0.0001 BTC but if they don't come through with the upload then you have not lost much. I was thinking that the payback would come from other leechers joining the swarm but a payback from the original seeder works just as well.
@_date: 2017-10-10 22:41:57
That's Dorian's "nope" face. It works well with that particular art and does not need the artist to actually think Dorian is the creator of bitcoin. 
@_date: 2011-08-01 10:58:39
I'm going to encrypt my wallet.dat and store it in the block chain as a series of transactions that way I will never loose it :) 
@_date: 2011-09-21 05:38:57
Debt and taxes. 
@_date: 2015-04-06 03:44:47
I would rather not have to have an Islamic finance provider control a portion of the equity of things I wish to buy on credit. They have a terrible habit of imposing their values when they consider your business or home partially theirs. The fight against usury seems more like a fight against competition between the two systems when both are useful for different purposes and to different people hand having the other as an option limits the abuse of either. 
@_date: 2011-07-13 09:04:14
Want a super computer? buy bitcoins and offer them to people in return for their computer power... 
@_date: 2011-09-08 09:44:26
I like how any change to the protocol is going to have to be a market process and not a political process. That is right or wrong bitcoin is the way it is and if someone wants to change it they are going to have to make "othercoin" and convince people to use it. I also believe bitcoin has been in a bubble and may or may not still be in one. The question is will it stabilize without a central backer and what will that look like? If gambling companies get big enough and profit enough from using it then I could see them using market transactions to stabilize the price. Kinda like what central banks do but without the ability to create and destroy currency to do it. 
@_date: 2011-06-24 09:58:07
second half
@_date: 2011-06-25 14:14:22
That's a good question. You would have to transfer in from a new account and not just back and forth otherwise that would be very easy to track. But newly created accounts that pop into existence for the purpose of making ratings would be easy to look for as well because they would only really be doing trade with the account. I think think something like page rank could work. I am aware that building a reputation is the opposite of staying private. If you want to stay private then you would indeed be changing your address all the time but if you are running a business where you want to build trust then its not needed so much.
@_date: 2011-08-04 08:55:16
The block-chain is how the bitcoins are stored. Bitcoins are stored as nothing more than the record of the transactions saying that an address has bitcoins. What ties it to you is your wallet.dat which contains the information you need to sign a transaction. 
  
If you loose your computer then the bitcoins are still represented in the blockchain stored on computers all over the net but without the wallet file you have no way to send them because you can only do that if you have the information needed to verify that its really you. Thats why its important to backup your wallet and also why you don't want anyone else getting your wallet file, because then they have control of your coins. 
  
You change your address by making a new one and sending the coins to it.
@_date: 2011-07-23 06:13:36
I believe that the reason currencies go to zero is because the organizations that issue them (usually the state or a private company given a monopoly by the state) do not have the self control to keep the supply of the currency fixed to whatever policy that convinced people to use them in the first place. It is not a result of speculating in fact that is putting the effect before the cause. An inflating currency encourages lending and speculation and investment with other peoples money creates a boom and bust cycle as the people who are speculating with other peoples money profit from gains but socialize the costs. Speculation itself is not the problem but an attempt to undo the imbalances. Lending is not a problem so long as you have the permission of the people doing the lending and they and you suffer the cost when things default. With legal tender laws you are compelled to use and pay taxes in a currency and accept them in trade. because you are forced to do so you cannot give or withdraw consent when the currency is mismanaged. It is your ability to withdraw consent that keeps the corruption in check. Bitcoin may fail as a currency but nobody is being forced to use it and there is no crime involved in its failure. State currencies may also fail (everything points to this) but people are forced to use them as a medium of exchange and when they do fail they bring down everybody forced to use them as well. 
The point of bitcoins is to have a currency that takes away the central planner and makes everybody into the watchman for the currency. To do this they had to sacrifice the belief in an intrinsic value or value tied to some commodity with hope that the monetary premium alone / the usefulness of the currency itself is enough to maintain its value. This is an inspiring experiment. The sort of creativity you see in free market capitalism. Feel free to not be involved in it. 
@_date: 2011-06-19 02:01:06
I don't care about people who would pirate anyway. This is about reducing the cost for people who are willing to pay to get things directly from the content producer.
@_date: 2011-06-17 23:48:34
It will not be used in places where its unnecessary so its not like suddenly everything will be paid. Its simply an extra reward to seeders. If you dont think its worth it then dont try it out when it becomes a reality. There have been pleanty of times though when i have felt like sending a few cents the way of that one guy stll left seeding...
@_date: 2011-07-23 04:13:24
Would you be willing to short sell bitcoins?
@_date: 2011-07-23 05:25:57
You didn't answer the question. If you believe that bitcoins will be worthless in the future then you should be fine with borrowing them, selling them for something which will not go to zero then waiting for them to go to zero and re-buying the then worthless bitcoins to pay off the loan. 
@_date: 2011-09-19 10:34:18
Then it wouldn't really matter if it was an official currency in that nation except for the relief it would bring that a person will not be deemed a criminal for using it or would this country be likely to implement legal tender laws in favor of a currency they do not control?
@_date: 2011-07-15 08:17:09
Imagine adding electricity generation/sharing routed by bitcoin payments into the mix...
@_date: 2011-06-25 09:26:09
Thanks. I have sent a message explaining my thoughts in more detail. I think this would give people a lot more confidence when doing transactions and hopefully have a positive social impact as well.
@_date: 2011-08-01 11:14:21
You would save that key as encoded reddit comments.
Edit: or alternately you could encode that key in the blockchain as well but this time encrypted with the first key.
@_date: 2011-08-03 04:42:25
Why don't you sell some stuff you don't need for bitcoins?
@_date: 2011-08-19 11:36:38
All markets should be 24 hours. Fuck this gap down and ignore stop loss bullshit of the stock market... and what is it with my local supermarket being closed when I want to drunkenly buy stuff at 4am..
@_date: 2011-09-08 09:22:07
This may be true but to change it you would have to create a new protocol and get people to adopt it. So are you calling for a protocol that is pegged to the USD or is it a basket of currencies? By what mechanism do you propose to do this? If you have a central bank deciding what reward the miners should get what is to prevent them from scamming the currency holders? Are you already started on writing the protocol or are you hoping someone else will do that? 
@_date: 2011-08-17 01:53:15
Im sorry. 
@_date: 2015-09-15 10:43:20
I wonder what Rand would have thought of bitcoin. I would guess she would have hated the idea at first because its not gold but eventually come around for pragmatic reasons. 
@_date: 2011-06-29 06:55:45
You may be selling to someone not local and immediately exchanging for local. 
@_date: 2011-06-18 00:07:21
I want to see more people publishing directly to bittorrent and getting paid by the network to do it. Imagine that included in the torrent is a payment link to the author and they get a percentage of whatever people are paying for seeding. Tiny amounts add up.
@_date: 2011-07-29 07:24:55
Set up a separate business in 2 countries, ban the locals but refer them to the other business?
@_date: 2011-08-02 06:00:23
Could have played more computer games too.
@_date: 2011-08-17 01:06:45
Edit: yeah I'm not really funny. He would have liked bitcoin though
@_date: 2011-08-01 11:06:39
You could also do a deal outside the exchanges. You just have to find that guy with a lot of gold that wants bitcoins.
@_date: 2011-07-02 23:20:57
Maybe people will get better at math if you don't dumb it down for them.
@_date: 2011-06-24 11:10:26
 I completely agree that gold and btc are not mutually exclusive. I'm all for having as many different types of money as there are creative people willing to compete for your interest in them. I don't even have a problem with fractional reserve fiat money produced by a central bank (so long as I am not forced to use it) I think the more alternatives there are out there the better it will be for business. All the people dissing btc because its deflationary don't seem to put it in its place as one of many mediums of exchange. If deflation becomes a problem then the market will simply rout around the inefficient value transportation medium. 
@_date: 2011-07-21 05:47:19
Pigs are actually quite useful to criminals... 
@_date: 2011-09-19 10:04:56


wouldn't they start their own blockchain?
@_date: 2011-09-28 11:56:06
I like ducks.
@_date: 2011-08-01 11:10:16
Corrupt lawmakers cost a little more than $20 mil especially the ones that deal in monetary policy.
@_date: 2011-06-21 06:22:17
If everyone tried to pull their USD out would there be enough?
@_date: 2011-07-14 05:38:37
I had a [similar idea]( I wish you good luck. Also you could use reddit for this as well, verify you address / associate it with your reddit account. Maybe someone could make the bitMarket subreddit into this. 
The small initial fee could be the verification... 
@_date: 2011-09-19 10:43:44
I agree although I think there are a lot of companies out there that could have a similar effect if they supported bitcoin. 
@_date: 2011-07-15 08:27:38
I think you mean sell over 14 and buy under.
@_date: 2016-10-08 23:51:28
I mean equity in the way you say [debt vs equity]( 
@_date: 2011-06-17 23:53:18
I,m not attached to any specific implementation. Its awfully ponzi like but if you are willing to pay however many cents to get the file faster then great
@_date: 2011-06-18 00:02:07
What i think will drive it is an adoption by a media site as an option for stuff currently paywalled. There have been pleanty of times where i have been put off because i will not subscribe to a news site while reddit exists and will not pay over a dollar to view even the most interesting article. I think there aresites that want to drop there fees but cant due to there transaction costs
@_date: 2011-09-10 01:04:05
thats harder to find then mtgox.
@_date: 2011-09-29 09:20:09
@_date: 2011-06-14 12:50:58
How would you tell if a wallet is lost vs being encrypted and stored for later? 
@_date: 2016-10-28 05:26:16
I will acknowledge that if you acknowledge the possibility of an ICO cut and run... 
@_date: 2016-10-28 01:37:59
[Its 10% over 4 years]( 
@_date: 2016-10-05 13:56:45
I love how he keeps referencing tulip mania as if government had nothing to do with it.
 
@_date: 2011-09-08 12:47:16
I think speculation is necessary and beneficial component of an economy without it there is no price stability because speculation *is* the mechanism that corrects price. I disagree that speculators always get screwed. They get screwed to the extent that they are gamblers but they profit to the extent that they move the market price towards the current or future real demand for a good. I don't think the price of a bitcoin is irrelivant. Sure you can do the same transactions with one bitcoin divided up as you could with ten million but the total value of the money supply needs to match the size of real economy in some way. If 1 bitcoin is all you have and the price is 1 USD then you are not going to be able to do 20million USD worth of transactions without an awful lot of back and forth and if your coins are worth a trillion USD each but the real economy for bitcoins is only $1 million then people trying to go about there bueness are going to end up selling all their stuff to the people who hoarded back when they were cheap or more likely demand higher prices for their goods (a deflationary trap) there is a market price that is apropriate for the size of the money supply (known) and the velocity of the money (not known) and the size of the expected economy (unknown) When there is a large real economy using bitcoin the speculators will be the ones that stabilize the price to match it. What it will look like is important because different mechanisms for stabilizing prices have different effects. Buying when you think the price is too low and selling when you think its too high is profitable when you are right but it also has the beneficial effect of keeping the price in that range. But in the future there will be people who keep the price up so that people have confidence in holding. They will still be speculators but with different motives than people simply buying and selling based on the value they think a bitcoin is worth, it will be bitcoin value + the value of a stable currency which means they could stand to loose some money to prop up the price in order to keep business going. I mentioned gambling companies because they are currently a real world business that profits enough from using bitcoin to have a financial incentive to prop up the price. They have an ongoing stream of income that only exists because bitcoin exists (the 5% - 7% decrease in fees they save). Infact mtgox are already doing things to promote the currency and not just their own busness but their own busness is the currency so they might be a better candidate for a central backer. 
@_date: 2011-06-17 14:45:15
That is a fair point, If a torrent is being uploaded that much then there would be no money to be made from seeding it because people leeching would not pay for something free. I'm actually more interested in a client side implementation to increase the quality of public seeding. 
@_date: 2018-04-26 05:31:48
If you expect prices to go up then it makes even less sense to continue mining unprofitably. I mean you might be able to make a profit from the price rise but you would make an even bigger profit selling your mining rig and using the money saved on electricity to just buy the currency. After-all, increases in price doesn't necessarily translate into increased profit from mining since the difficulty would also go up.
There are 3 cases where I can see mining unprofitably makes sense:
- when you want to buy a very large amount without disrupting the market. This is no longer a huge concern but with bitcoin in the past mining at a loss resulted in accumulating large amounts where as buying large amounts rapidly pushed up prices. Its also still a strategy for low liquidity altcoins.
- When you want to add security / decentralization to the network even at a loss
- When you dont have any money right now and you are using the ability to mine now pay for the electricity later as a form of credit. 
None of these are really sustainable reasons to mine unprofitably (even mining for security its only needed during an actual attack so you would be better in that case to be buying more hardware for when an attack happens and only switching it on to defend otherwise just run a full but non mining node) 
@_date: 2011-06-17 23:39:43
People will still share stuff for free and the people sharing for bitcoins would be charging next to nothing
@_date: 2011-07-24 00:39:10
Yes there is truth in your criticism. Speculation alone cannot carry a currency. The point I want to see bitcoin at is where there are more people using it as a medium of exchange than there are people simply hoarding or trading it. All money is a promise that you will get something of value in return for the goods or services you provide. Bitcoin can only be that if enough vendors can look past it being unbacked and see that there is value in having a currency that itself is not stealing from you through inflation and monopolistic transaction fees. This could very well fail. I am a free market money supporter. I am just as much in support of private gold backed digital currencies but they get shut down by governments very easily. I honestly never thought I would support an unbacked currency before finding out about how bitcoin is self regulated. Who knows how long people will have confidence in bitcoin. Eventually it will come to an end like all currencies hell like all stocks as well. But people can profit from its use in being able to do transactions at low cost with enough volume this saving will be many times the value of the currency itself. If I can sell something and save 1% on transactions each time and I do over 100 transactions then I will not mind holding the bag at the end. Each bitcoin has the ability to save far more than that in transaction fees. With the velocity of money it could reach there is a point where the savings on transaction fees pays for the entire value of the currency each year. Even better if that means banks outside the bitcoin community lower fees to compete. This of course will all be fantasy if it is not adopted by vendors. 
@_date: 2011-06-25 01:31:34
One argument in support of gold that people like to use is that it can be divided up by making smaller coins or by adding other metals to make the coin. Both of those things limit the practical use of the gold, first because its more fiddly to handle and has higher premiums to create and the second because it is no longer compatible for its inherent value without being refined back. Bitcoun can remain just as useful as a medium of exchange at $17 as it was at $1.  
@_date: 2011-08-06 23:55:40
How many bitcoins do you want to short?
Do you have enough reputation for people to trust you with their coins?
Do you have the assets to cover if the price spikes up?
What sort of interest rate would you offer people lending the coins?
If you can't qualify for a private loan then consider waiting for some exchange to implement shorting and option contracts.
@_date: 2016-10-28 05:04:17
10% in total to all founders. Maybe you are mistaking 20% for the first 4 years with 20% in total. If it was 20% in total that would be 40% of the block reward for the first 4 years. 


Maybe, It sure would have been nice for me if they had gone that rout. But as far as whether or not the project would be a sucsess going forward I think getting all the money up front does allow a non zero chance that they take the money and just not work all that enthusiastically after that. I doubt that this team would do that since they seem genuinely interested in the project and in a way the funding model does reflect their commitment to putting at least 4 years into the project before they sell out.
@_date: 2011-06-23 11:08:08
Why do birds suddenly appear, every time you are near?
@_date: 2016-10-01 07:02:07
From the perspective of miners how is it not a block size increase? Are they not processing more data? 
@_date: 2011-06-17 08:12:12
what if you don't own any USD in the first place? 
@_date: 2011-08-27 04:17:02
What is the process of exercising the options? If I am selling a contract will I have to put up the assets to cover and where will that be held? I would not trust some random site to do this. 
@_date: 2011-06-17 23:56:44
The transaction problem is one that needs to be worked out. Maybe bitcoin is not up to the task of realtime payments, maybe all it needs is a little tweak.
@_date: 2016-10-27 06:54:20
Price goes up, price goes down, you can't explain that.
@_date: 2017-05-31 07:37:54
I was a hardcore gold and silver bug before I discovered cryptocurrency. I am still the moderator of which I started to log my learning process with the metals. Mostly because I am an ancap and spent a lot of time reading the works of Austrian school economists who are primarily also goldbugs although some are advocates of free banking and are not at all hostile to reserve banking so long as its voluntary. 
I first heard about bitcoin in 2010 but dismissed the idea because the terrible new scientist article I read described it as currency created from burning electricity and not as currency secured by burning electricity which would have peeked my interest much earlier but instead gave me the impression that it was based on labor theory of value ideas.
I discovered it again in 2011 when tipping became a thing on reddit especially in the ancap sub. I read the white paper and have been hooked ever since. 
@_date: 2011-07-08 08:50:56
Maybe someone can come up with a distributed mining pool.
@_date: 2011-08-23 05:25:37
I was making fun of myself making demands on a business I don't own. 
@_date: 2011-06-15 05:38:33
I agree that is very likely. I wonder how many are kicking themselves about that and how many are trying data recovery techniques to get back the lost wallets? 
@_date: 2015-11-29 11:36:57
You are talking about duplication not reversal. If I reverse a car I don't suddenly have 2 cars. 
@_date: 2011-10-06 07:43:32
Nice try Assange.
@_date: 2015-11-07 23:47:17
Its a pity there cant apply mods as a filter that you can switch on and off. You could have mods group themselves together so they can be toggled on and off as a group. 
It would be cool to have a bot that filters out all the posts about price movements and another that filters out all the memes and then individuals could choose if they want that specific content or not without having to fight for control over the entire subreddit. 
@_date: 2017-05-02 05:30:33
I prefer this one: 
@_date: 2017-05-10 13:29:50
If you had to sell due to emergencies then you never really had money to invest. Its best to have 3 to 6 months worth of expenses set aside for emergencies before even considering becoming an investor precisely for this reason.
I recommend you learn every thing there is to learn about personal finance. I recommend 
- The Automatic Millionaire: A Powerful One-step Plan to Live and Finish Rich by David Bach
There is an audio book for this which is quite convenient. 
Which is distilled &gt;Is it time to buy RIGHT NOW, or should I wait for a correction?
No one knows. Even if it is the right time for some it may not be the right time for you which is why I think you should educate yourself more. When you are more educated and secure in your ability to manage your money you will be in a better position to make the decision. 
 
@_date: 2017-05-30 09:31:21
Redistribution from which people to which other people? 
@_date: 2017-05-24 13:02:08
Can confirm, its a day ahead here in Australia and the price is already over $3200.
@_date: 2017-05-22 07:07:41
+ 51% of miners.
@_date: 2015-11-07 23:51:34
Yeah, I try every now and again then it pisses me off because the site lacks consistency and so becomes slightly more annoying to navigate. 
@_date: 2016-05-18 07:42:05
[Horse head mask](
@_date: 2011-06-18 23:39:25
not even 0.001 of a cent to reward or encourage the producer?
@_date: 2011-06-17 23:36:58
I was thinking the same. There is a market for all those people who just want one file that is only worth a couple of cents. 
@_date: 2011-09-08 09:00:13
and its throwing stones. 
@_date: 2015-11-30 09:14:48
Security depends on the distribution of hashing power and the economic incentive of each actor not the raw amount of hashing power. 
@_date: 2017-05-11 05:11:42
Is Fontas pumping this one?
@_date: 2017-05-25 02:30:59
No matter what a socialist government does it will always be corrupt because what ever it does there will be people who rightly see any allocation of resources it makes as a corruption of its power. The reason being is that people genuinely disagree on how things ought to be and would normally work to provide resources that fit their values but when resources are pooled they end up for the most part going to what the leaders value or what the mob values. If its the mob then you are screwing minorities if its the leaders then you are screwing the majority. Only in a homogeneous society can this work without accusations of corruption because minorities know better than to speak up about how they pay into a system that does not support their values. 
When it comes down to it corruption is where you put a person in a position of power and they follow their own values rather than yours. The problem is that you do that not that they have different values than you. You are right though it is a problem for the left and the right.
@_date: 2015-11-07 23:32:56
I've had subreddit styles turned off of 7 years. Am I missing anything? 
@_date: 2017-05-10 10:22:49
RemindMe! 5 years "there will not be any fiat money anymore" 
@_date: 2017-05-30 14:41:26
Nothing stopping a whale from trading a smaller percentage of their holdings to maintain liquidity while doing a pump and dump. 
@_date: 2015-11-29 11:38:26
In comparison to a central bank's ability to create an arbitrary amount of new currency. 
@_date: 2017-05-10 13:20:27
Probably because of their problems processing withdrawals. Without a way to withdraw fiat people convert to BTC to get their funds off of exchanges. This means BTC is not really worth more on such an exchange but instead the dollar is worth less on that exchange because it is trapped.
@_date: 2016-10-08 23:24:55
Line of equity :)
@_date: 2015-11-30 09:07:47
It is undefined not infinity.
@_date: 2017-05-14 18:30:06
oh I agree with our points. The thing is though, central banking isnt just centralization. Its centralization mandated by law. A reserve bank isnt automatically a central bank. It becomes a central bank when its illegal to refuse its notes. When its backed by legal tender law. Its at that point where it goes from being an institution that provides notes that are more efficient and more stable in value to one that is able to use its power to do whatever it wants which may include growing an economy but also may include sucking it dry or just losing touch with reality as protected institutions often do. I agree that banking need not be distributed but it is in my opinion certainly not good to make its functions a state protected monopoly. If the centralization yields efficiency then people will want to voluntarily use those institutions that do it well and competition will prevent situations where too big to fail institutions cannot be effectively boycotted by market participants who are better at judging risk. 
I would add though that during the gold standard gold was just as volatile as it was today but people where still able to finance long term capital projects through debt without fear of inflation or deflation because its possible to include in contracts conditions that counter volatility. Denominating in a basket of commodities for example. 
But back to free market reserve currencies have you looked at maker DAI at all?
@_date: 2017-05-31 05:20:29
Gold has exponential inflation and still has value. Ethereum has the same block rewards indefinitely which is exponentially less inflation than gold. If nothing changed about Ethereum's monetary policy it is expected that there would be some equilibrium between lost coins and inflation since the inflation *rate* would be declining perpetually until its bellow whatever rate people lose coins although people could get better at not losing coins there would still be lost coins due to people dying and leaving wallets with no pass phase etc
Thats only the supply side. On the demand side ETH is the fee payment currency for all of the applications on Ethereum. While ETH may not be the best store of value it needs to not deflate too much because people need to feel like it is available to pay fees on application transactions that may be better stores of value. 
In the long run though there will be a switch to Proof of Stake which is where people lock ETH in a contract and in return they get to bet on future blocks with the winning block being the one that has the most bets on it (rapidly self reinforcing) with the nothing at stake problem handled by allowing the digital signatures used to sign blocks act as a proof that a validator is signing on multiple versions of history which would result in their funds being burned on both chains. 
Long range attacks (where history is generated longer than the period where funds where locked) would be fought the same way people tell that the bitcoin genesis block is the real one: by publishing it, perhaps for ethereum even publishing it in the bitcoin blockchain. Anyone, multiple people should do that for security of their own funds. 
Once the currency is PoS then inflation doesn't really matter any more so long as you participate in proportion to the funds you have inflation does not result in wealth transfer and is actually mathematically equivalent to a holding fee: you have to validate or lose funds the more you hold the more that could punish you. 
The nominal inflation rate at that point would likely be adjusted to keep participation high. 
@_date: 2017-05-15 06:32:26


You convert BTC to RSK by transferring the BTC to the multisig. The miners will detect this and automatically credit the RSK to you. Transfers of RSK are like normal but processed on the side chain using the modified Ethereum Virtual machine rules. Conversion back to BTC requires burning the RSK which is detected by the companies that manage the multisig and they will (hopefully) make the multisig transaction that transferes the BTC to whoever the burn transaction specified.
If the bitcoin miners soft fork to include the side chain as part of the bitcoin protocol then the multisig wallet could be replaced by a payment to a special address similar to how segwit works to lock and unlock funds given a set of protocol rules apart from the backwards compatible protocol rules.


yes, unless it becomes part of the protocol. 
@_date: 2017-05-25 04:43:31
^((/.□. ）\   ‿    ^^┬─┬
@_date: 2011-06-21 07:16:25
I was logged into my google account and it worked
@_date: 2017-05-11 09:32:59
In the year 2525 will bitcoin still be alive?
@_date: 2016-05-06 12:34:39
He left bitcoin after wiki leaks and the CIA got associated / interested. What where the other toys he abandoned? How do you know it was a "he" and not a lady or a group of people? How do you know he is not still working on bitcoin under a different pseudonym or even under his real identity? 
@_date: 2017-05-14 18:09:18
Technically there is shares in the federation which is the equivalent of a token. You just wont be able to buy them to get a cut in the fees.
@_date: 2017-05-23 16:53:24
Seems like the worst of both worlds: the extra expense of having an electronic device without the security of keeping your keys off of a PC.  
Ok so the intent is to pass them around like cash but its such a cheap device that it would be not too difficult to counterfeit so you will have to trust the person who gives it to you.  
@_date: 2017-05-23 14:41:53
If I was going to cash out I wouldnt be buying new things directly. I would put my gains into income producing investments like real estate and dividend yielding funds. Once I have an idea of how much I get passively a year, if I can then buy a shiny new car out of the income I generate sustainably then I will do that knowing its not putting my financial freedom at risk. 
So for example if I could reasonably sustain 3% income without drawing down my principle I would be making $3K a year for every $100K I put into relatively safe investments. That might seem like a terrible yield but I'm talking investments I can be confident about for decades without worrying about price fluctuations. I'm talking retirement.
So with 1 million dollars I could expect to draw $30K a year without doing any work, not even managing the investments. That would allow me to get really picky about where I work because I could pay my bills and feed myself indefinitely but I really could not go about buying status items without pissing away the principle. If I decided to stop working altogether at that point then I would have to make financial decisions like someone who earns $30K a year not like someone with a million dollars.
Its really up to you what your values are and how you weigh that against your financial freedom. If you have enough brick and mortar investments that you can buy status symbols without it affecting you all that much financially I would say its fine but unless you have millions invested you will be trading your freedom from work or your freedom to travel for the status symbols. 
Also any admiration you get from having status symbols is going to be lost the instant you compromise your financial freedom. In fact that sort of admiration is readily convertible into contempt at the first sign you might be struggling to maintain appearances. 
@_date: 2017-05-31 05:05:24
Security comes from decentralization of hashing power not just by hashing power alone. If you double the hashrate due to increased value of mining rewards security doesn't double. If 51% of the network is willing to collaborate to attack that is the same before and after the hashrate doubling for example. 
I would not say which one is more secure but both seem sufficiently secure against double spends. 
@_date: 2017-05-24 13:24:16
BTC 1
@_date: 2017-05-31 06:30:16
Its inflation is 1-3% exponentially each year for thousands of years just a little higher than population growth and a little lower than industrial growth. It tends to reduce in value vs labor and hold its value vs consumer goods. 
Its kind of self regulating in that if the supply growth outpaces growth in the wider economy then its price will decline and then less investment will be made into mining it and it will start to get used in industrial processes where it will be uneconomic to recover. If the supply doesn't keep up then the price rises and more investment is made into recovering it at lower prices resulting in permanent increases in its availability. The biggest disruption due to technological innovation would be the 16-17th century price revolution, a period of 200 years where gold experienced the upper range of its typical inflation resulting in its price declining by about 85%, not a huge drop compared to fiat currencies but still massively disruptive to the European economy since people had come accustomed to gold having much lower inflation. 
This trend may not hold true forever but there is still a lot of innovation to me had in increasing gold production at lower recovery rates. Automated mining for example is only just getting off the ground (well under the ground) and eventually asteroid mining when it becomes worth while to find a more abundant source of platinum than here on earth gold may be produced as a by product in abundance. 
@_date: 2017-07-31 13:15:23
The war on drugs isnt 5% effective but it still impacts people. The war on cypher text could be orders of magnitude less effective while still having an impact on peoples behavior. It basically gives them an excuse to lock up or fine anyone who acts to secure their online privacy that alone is a valuable side effect for a totalitarian state even if its 0% effective. 
Its not as if this is unprecedented: 
@_date: 2017-05-24 02:38:15
You can always sell your body do sustain your addiction to those bitter brown beans. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 08:53:39
Even if they released the source that would not eliminate themselves as a source of counterparty risk since they control the data feed that determines the exchange rate between assets. They could set the value of all assets to zero using their oracle and just walk off with the ETH. Presumably structuring the system this way allows them to get around regulations that would make them custodians since you neither own BTC under their control or a claim on BTC but simply access to an automated exchange system: its a bit like tether in that regard but with more assets. 
@_date: 2017-05-31 05:01:20
Rootstock isnt secured by the bitcoin blockchain though. The valid blocks in rootstock will be determined by which blocks the rootstock foundation determine are valid for withdrawing BTC. 
This will only change if 51% of bitcoin miners soft fork in the EVM but at that point the rootstock foundation lose the fees they take from every rootstock block right? Why would they give up that power? Its not like the miners will be able to just take the BTC deposits, they are in a multisig wallet so to make the transition there would have to be a hard fork or the root stock foundation would have to hand over the BTC voluntarily to lose their fee income and control. 
@_date: 2015-11-29 13:20:08
I'd rather 10% go once to a founder of an economic system than say 3% *forever* plus some arbitrary amount the founders choose at any time. It doesn’t matter to me if its an individual or a corporation as the founders. 
I don't think there really is a narrative keeping central banks in check. From my observation they, just like governments do what is in their best interest according to their knowledge including spinning a narrative. 
I do see value in a stable currency though. I dont think the services of a central planner is completely worthless. It just comes at an enormous cost benefiting people I know I dont like. I would rather the profits of stabilizing a currency go to speculators in an open market than entrenched interests.  
@_date: 2015-03-13 10:50:36
undeniable 
@_date: 2016-05-02 10:21:17
Satoshi remains 1/0
@_date: 2017-05-10 12:36:18
Hey, I know your message is like 5 months old but I just wanted to point out:


Thats not possible. The bitcoin signed message format is incompatible with transactions signing. When you sign text your client literally adds the text 'Bitcoin Signed Message:
' to the front of the message before its hashed then signed. Even if they where to trick you into signing arbitrary bytes rather than ascii it would not be vulnerable because of that.
Without that they could trick you into revealing your private key using some ECC math to recover it so always use the Ascii message signing functionality and not any sort of raw signing functionality.


That is a good question. They could put malware in their client so that if you sign the message with a client on your PC it steals the unencrypted key when you sign or logs keystrokes for your password and steals your whole wallet.
I participated in the last distribution (because free money) but put the client in a virtual box VM to keep myself protected
@_date: 2017-05-03 09:19:17
Also its kind of absurd to try and pass of a silver coin that is worth much more in metal value than $1 as a dollar.
Another point here is that the term dollar pre-dates the USD and actually it was originally a name for an amount of silver. If anything the US government is committing fraud by calling their currency dollars. Good luck winning that case though.
@_date: 2017-05-30 02:19:06
The network would fork into BTC and SGC. Bitcoiners would sell SGC for more BTC and let the single powerful actor control Shits and Giggles coin singly and powerfully.
@_date: 2017-07-31 02:26:50
It doesn't need to be 100% effective to have an effect. The war on drugs is ineffective but it has still resulted in mass incarceration and a change in usage habits. If they follow the same path as China then they will require ISPs to monitor all traffic by default (they likely already do) and require anyone with "legitimate" reasons to use a VPN to use a licensed VPN (not all people who use a VPN are hiding their usage from the government but other corporate interests). Once thats in place they can simply blanket ban any data that fails a deep packet inspection test or isn't on a white list. Of course there are ways around that too but the race between getting around censorship and improved filtering has an effect. It may simply be the increased development time and cost involved in getting around the censorship and a slower time for alternative information including information about bitcoin to permeate into the cultural zeitgeist. 
@_date: 2011-08-17 01:51:46
Thats great, you have such a good role model. I wish i grew up with parents who understood the importants of wealth creation. 
@_date: 2017-05-24 07:25:04
Please don't grind me up and force boiling water through my remains. 
@_date: 2017-05-09 08:32:42
You don't happen to shine shoes for a living do you? 
@_date: 2017-05-23 09:51:05
Its the Ethereum EVM but with a corporation holding bitcoins in a multisig so that the fee payment currency can be an IOU from that corporation until 51% of bitcoin miners decide to merge the Ethereum EVM into bitcoin (as a soft fork) to make it trust-less. Its protocol will be determined by the corporation until that happens because they control redemption of funds from RSK to BTC. 
@_date: 2015-02-15 09:34:20
The fed gets its powers from the government through legal tender law. Its a state mandated monopoly. The government is in charge of whether or not the FED exits. Imagine if tomorrow the FED decided not to lend money to the government, what do you think would happen to their legal tender status? 
@_date: 2016-05-05 10:20:36
and a porn star...
@_date: 2017-05-31 04:55:35
It is not just compatible, it literally is the code from the Ethereum EVM so being on par is kind of expected. There are some differences though: storage rent (contracts have to continuously pay to exist) for example. 


It wont be secured by the bitcoin network until 51% of miners are enforcing the protocol. so basically the Ethereum EVM would have to be soft forked into bitcoin like segwit is going to. Until bitcoin miners can agree that the Ethereum EVM should be a part of bitcoin its going to remain secured not by bitcoin but by which blocks on rootstock the rootstock federation decides are valid for withdrawals. 
@_date: 2017-05-06 13:32:57
Its called [by-product gold mining]( It does have an effect on the supply but the analogy to bitcoin doesn't really apply to security. 
@_date: 2017-05-12 11:48:17


Not necessarily all of its value but there are examples of currencies that have persisted past the collapse of legal tender law and currencies where the government no longer accepts them as legal tender. Look at those currencies to see what would likely happen. 


I'm not pro gold standard. I dont believe in intrinsic value. All value is subjective. But that doesn't mean you cannot say objective things like if a currency is an IOU and that IOU is not redeemable then it can become completely worthless relative to its value given the backing. Same goes with currencies that are backed by legal tender law.
No modern fiat currency is completely backed by legal tender law they are reserve currencies for the most part which can have value independent of the state. But that doesn't mean there is no backing by legal tender law or even that the backing by legal tender law is insignificant. Its as significant as the demand that taxation creates. 
@_date: 2017-05-04 09:50:34
Worst decoy Satoshi deployed so far.
@_date: 2016-05-06 07:56:31
Person who picked the sound-bite knows whats up.  
@_date: 2017-05-15 06:44:36
'cunt of a short squeeze'  here in aus
@_date: 2017-07-20 22:59:56
@_date: 2017-05-02 03:40:51
@_date: 2017-05-22 07:09:39
Worth watching the whole thing. Taleb is always good value. 
@_date: 2017-05-31 08:06:35
I'm not completely negative about gold in the long run. I actually just expect the 10K year trend to continue with just a little disruption and then a return to the mean. The reason being is that even though the gold supply might rise dramatically so will the supply of all other commodities and if the market is allowed to function properly, all consumer goods. So gold can maintain its value relative to "stuff" even though its price falls dramatically vs labor. 
Also as a store of value it has a different risk profile compared to cryptocurrencies. Basically I would hold it as a hedge against technological stagnation and technological disruption  (ECDSA being broken for example) for short term fiat currency disruption although I expect bitcoin to increasingly take on that role but not really for an end of the world situation because there still needs to be stuff to buy with gold for gold to have value. There has to be a functioning economy somewhere or at least the potential for one for gold to have value, otherwise its just a shiny rock with less practical value than copper. 
@_date: 2017-05-31 06:46:08
I said automated mining is happening now. I didnt say anything about when asteroid mining will happen. You would have to be retarded though to think it will never happen. Gold is way more abundant in asteroids than it is on earth. Most of the gold on earth is mined from asteroids that have landed here after the earths crust formed, thats why the distribution is so random. 
There is actually enough gold in earth to cover the entire planet in a meter thick layer but its all locked away down near the earth's core where we will never get to it. Thats not the case for asteroids, large enough asteroids would act as a natural refinery, separating out metals by density in their small cores with some later being broken up by impacts with other asteroids or sometimes planets like the gold we mine on earth. 
It probably wont be gold though that is the first thing to be mined in space. Of the few asteroid mining companies that are in development the target is first water then platinum. Water because it dramatically reduces the cost of doing things in space when you can make rocket fuel without lifting it up from earth and platinum because it is even more abundant in space vs on earth because it dissolves in iron and doesn't really get refined by geological processes on earth. Its about as rare on earth as gold but in space its about 1/4 as abundant as silver. Its also one of the most useful metals there is due to its exceptional qualities as a catalyst. Having it in abundance (and a single small asteroid would provide more than we have ever mined on earth)  would revolutionize the petrochemical industry, saving hundreds of billions if not trillions in energy costs and reducing waste. The potential revenue is there to drive space mining, gold production in space would just be a bi-product of that.
Even if this is 50 years away prices are forward looking. 
@_date: 2017-05-14 17:57:00
You can have reserve banking / lending without central banking. Its not as if people didn't borrow money before the fed got its monopoly.
@_date: 2017-07-25 23:36:19
Also the SEC ruling isnt great for bitcoin even though bitcoin isnt a security there is a wide expectation of it being one of the means to participate in fundraisers and that is now seen as harder to do at least for Americans. 
@_date: 2017-05-25 12:12:19
We do have an inflationary environment, fiat this time instead of gold but we also need governments insuring speculators to be exactly like tulip mania. 
EDIT: Also tulips had stable value for like 200 years before tulip mania. It wasn't a new commodity that people where suddenly talking about as a revolution in finance. I guess flamed tulips might have been new and the financial derivatives involved also could be so I guess there is that.
@_date: 2017-07-31 22:28:30
Its unrelated to what you said because what you said was unrelated to the statement before it. This is because the replay protection is built into the altcoin bitcoin cash not bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-07-30 23:31:17
It affects the anonymity of bitcoin in russia. 
@_date: 2017-07-31 14:10:25


You can if its a soft fork. You just have to make your altcoin's transaction format incompatible with bitcoin completely. Since segwit is a soft fork it cannot introduce any change that would make incompatible transactions compatible to bitcoin. 


Then it would not be segwit but a hard fork
@_date: 2016-05-14 13:40:06
Much better than for-loss anarchy in any case. 
@_date: 2017-07-01 06:12:27
GPUs are no good for mining bitcoin anymore because ASICs are much more efficient meaning they can mine profitably at much higher difficulties making it unprofitable for GPU mining. It is very likely that it will cost you more in electricity or even just wear and tear on the card (chance of burning it out) than you will make in BTC. Since no one is mining bitcoin for profit with a GPU there isnt a sub community within bitcoin that knows which one would be best. You are not getting a strait answer because you are asking the wrong question.
So which is your priority: 
- mine bitcoin: ask whats best to mine bitcoin with right now.
- own a fancy graphics card: ask what card is best for gaming and also could be used for mining altcoins and what altcoins are profitable to mine with a GPU
Altcoins that are currently best to mine with a GPU usually have their own forums where they actively talk about what cards are most efficient. With ASICs its about whether or not you will get the machine before a newer better one comes out to make it redundant (although I hear they have caught up to the most advanced semiconductor fabrication and can somewhat exceed it so advances my be slower now)
@_date: 2017-05-11 11:09:55


Yes, he suggests holding [10% - 20%]( which is a lot but not a crazy amount. 


I've never heard him suggest it but then again if he is recommending a fixed percentage then that would imply selling when the value makes it go over that. 
The biggest problem I see is that he has no way to prove himself wrong. If gold like all other commodities decreases in value over time indefinitely then there is no point in which his theory would have you give up and you would be continuously topping up your losing position to keep it at 10% 


Him being a broker dealer (he wants you to buy gold from *him* or his affiliates) exposes conflict of interest which should be enough for anyone to be cautious with his words. 
Also its worth noting that people call him an Austrian economist, yet Austrian economics is value free (does not have an opinion on how things ought to be) when the majority of his arguments are arguments for specific actions like adopting a gold standard or eliminating income tax in favor of consumption tax. He may be an Austrian economist but the majority of his arguments are only informed by the Austrian school not determined by it. 
@_date: 2017-05-11 18:29:23


Keeping taxes proportional doesn't change the fact that without taxes the notes would just be bits of paper. What proportional taxes actually do is prevent the government from over taxing which would result in reduced tax revenues. People would just stop paying or worse have nothing left to steal. 


Explain how literally being forced to buy something is not economic demand for it? If you barter potatoes for carrots and I say you have to pay me 100 ERC20 tokens of jonnycash (JNC) in taxes on that trade or I take your farm would it matter that I valued 100 JNC at market price? You would still be forced to buy some pushing up the price however slightly. Would it matter that My demand for JNC was proportional to your production? 
Same thing applies to debt. Say Jeff buys some of your spuds with bitcoin and then you forget to deliver and your pigs eat all the spuds. Me being the government in this situation demand you refund Jeff 10 JNC. At any point that 10 JNC is worth less than whatever was originally owed you are incentivized to pay in JNC to avoid paying the full value again buying My bully notes when otherwise the demand would not be there. If its worth more I will be compelling you to pay creating even more demand. Otherwise there would be no demand.
This is a currency that you obviously would have nothing to do with without my being able to carry through with the threat of taking your stuff or harming you or in the case of debt inserting myself as the arbiter and declaring the value that is owed at whatever rate.
 
@_date: 2015-02-15 09:41:26
Here is a very lengthy video on the subject by economist David Friedman:
@_date: 2015-02-27 12:06:43
You stop calling them cults when they get big enough that calling them a cult will have you hurt.
@_date: 2016-07-27 03:25:29
~~Do you know if anyone has tried this?~~
@_date: 2016-07-27 11:24:55
There really needs to be a site almost exactly like reddit but with mods you can switch on and off individually so that mods dont have the power they do by virtue of simply being first to squat the name and being inactive enough at the start to not get in the way. Obviously forums like this need mods and I can see how the mods here actually do a very good job: there is very little spam and the trains do run on time but the mods could be literally Hitler at this point and it would still be one of the most convenient places to get bitcoin news. I dont think the problem can be solved by better mods, we need a better modding protocol, one that takes into account that no individual node can be trusted. 
@_date: 2015-02-16 04:01:30
The irony is I think, by the time the government implements all its schemes and taxes the problem will have already been solved on the market and the big scare will be not enough CO2 emissions because carbon far from being pollution is actually a valuable commodity. I wouldn't be surprised if at some point those state sponsored carbon sequestration companies end up being paid to release it again and companies that take carbon from the air to synthesize products are taxed. Its not like global cooling isn't much much more terrifying than global warming.  
@_date: 2016-07-27 02:51:00


Unless they have been allowing people to deposit ETH without ETC and withdraw ETH with ETC which would be default behavior if they do not specifically prevent a relay attack. 
@_date: 2016-07-22 19:23:56
Whats the average life expectancy for a cryptocurrency? 
@_date: 2016-07-10 00:15:06
Miners shocked by this one weird protocol trick!
@_date: 2015-02-04 08:58:16
That's a suspicious transaction. 
@_date: 2015-03-13 10:49:24
Are there any clients that check for bitflips at each stage of generating and signing a transaction? 
@_date: 2015-02-13 12:22:26
Sometimes the moon is on the other side of the earth so its under your feet somewhere 
@_date: 2017-05-11 16:21:58
Taxes do create demand for the USD. I mean you have to buy USD and hand them over or else the might take your stuff or lock you in a cage. So the bigger the economy and the more stuff people have to lose the more they will work to keep it all by earning fiat to pay the taxes. 
The other side of legal  tender law is the decree that its good for all debts public and private. This means no matter what you denominate debt in you may be forced to either accept USD or nothing in a dispute over that debt at whatever rate the state decides to peg the denominated asset to it.  
Combine those impositions wit the network effect that results from everyone else also needing to acquire fiat to keep their homes and businesses and it does explain how fiat gets its value.  
@_date: 2016-05-05 13:30:32
Guy who finds an approximate solution to the byzantine generals problem is offended that people are verifying his transactions, yeah right.  
@_date: 2016-07-11 06:54:28


- [satoshi](
@_date: 2015-02-08 19:56:36
What makes a man turn neutral ... Lust for gold? Power? Or were you just born with a heart full of neutrality?
@_date: 2015-02-16 06:29:29
We need day-traders for liquidity. Its going to be kind of difficult to match your order if no one wants to put money on an exchange. 
@_date: 2016-07-22 10:39:59
The website itself will generate a wallet for you if you like. Since you are trusting them with the distribution anyway that seems like the easiest approach. Not sure if it works offline since I just used a geth generated wallet.
@_date: 2016-07-27 03:18:28
Yes. The problem is that with ethereum there are no transaction ids. there are accounts with balances. When a transaction is made in bitcoin its in the form of move input at this hash to this output (the transaction hash and the index of the output becoming an input for later transactions) with Ethereum its move X funds at account A to account B. Each time a transaction is made it is given a nonce to prevent the transaction from being submitted twice but when you have 2 ethereums with the same accounts the transactions from one can be moved over to the other chain (relayed). 
To prevent this attack exchanges dealing with both forks split the funds on either chain onto different accounts by simultaneously sending to different accounts until the funds are split or by using a contract that existed on the chain before the fork (has the same address on both chains) and pulling the funds to a unique contract on either chain (such transactions will fail on the chain that doesnt have the unique destination contract) there are other ways to split as well like buying a token on one chain and then moving the larger amount on that chain causing the transaction to fail on the chain without the larger balance. 
The question is whether coinbase has done anything to split the balances or if they have not whether they have gotten lucky and not been exploited yet and if so to what extent. No doubt the attack would be slowed down by their withdrawal limits and I'm sure they have their own reserve ETH and so reserve ETC as well. 
@_date: 2016-07-09 00:01:38
Properties of a cryptographic hash function:
- Pre-image resistance: Given a hash value h it should be difficult to find any message m such that h = hash(m)
- Second pre-image resistance: Given an input m1 it should be difficult to find different input m2 such that hash(m1) = hash(m2). 
- Collision resistance: It should be difficult to find two different messages m1 and m2 such that hash(m1) = hash(m2). 
Pre-image resistance is important for mining because a function that has this property is great for using as a cryptographic lottery: it would not be so great if you could figure out what ticket you need to have in order to win. 
Second pre-image resistance is important because once you have found a block the hash of the block will be its identifier. There are a range of attacks that could be done if this was easy like denial of service attacks or outright changing the content of blocks.
Collision resistance is less obvious but one of the properties of a collision resistant hash function is that collisions are evenly distributed (if they are not all bunched together then they must be spread apart) The same applies to any output: it will be evenly distributed. Its the property of even distribution of outputs that makes it possible to set the target difficulty by simply saying the output must fall bellow some target as an even distribution will make the likely hood of falling bellow that target the same as the value of that target divided by the number of possible outputs: t / 2^256 in the case of sha256. 
Now I dont know a great deal about protein folding algorithms but i would assume that the basic idea is to take a sequence of amino acids fold it and see what the resulting protein will be. Just thinking about it a little will show how this is not exactly pre-image resistant. Given a protein you know quite a bit about what sort of sequence is going to produce it: You can find out exactly how many of each amino acid makes up the resulting protein and even small sequences of amino acids that maintained their order as the protein was folded. 
There are also arbitrary constraints about how the protein will fold like how matter does not tend to pass through other matter but instead tangles meaning there are a whole bunch of proteins that cannot be made by folding. For the purpose of a cryptographic hash function this means there are places in the resulting output that will not be filled up so the resulting output will be somewhat bunched up. The same thing applies to the fact that the amino acids are linked together in a chain instead of dispersing, the fact that they form a sequence in the output
There is also the problem of the output not being a suitable format for the desired use. How are you going to take a 3d model of a protein and use it as an identifier for a block? Hash functions have a fixed output size. Are you going to take the coordinates of the amino acids and or data representing what amino acid they are? Seems to me like you would need a lot of empty space in your simulation to allow the protein to fold and this empty space is going to need to be removed to have a compact output but how do you do that without introducing even more biases in the output? The only sensible approach I would use to solve that problem would be to cryptographically hash the entire output of your protein folding function... 
@_date: 2017-07-31 13:25:18
Looking at the [github link]( they appear to have just changed the directory where wallets are stored. I understand that you dont want to trust their binaries but assuming one compiles their application from source, why would it be a problem that it uses a different directory rather than using the same directory as electrum? 
@_date: 2016-07-23 03:37:40
Cryptocurrencies do have the ability to fail. Some that have failed so far include: Qubic, BBQCoin, Solidcoin, Geist Geld, Tenebrix, Fairbrix, Coiledcoin, Rucoin, MMMcoin, Butterflycoin. 
This isnt even including the zombie coins at the bottom of coin marketcap and all the ones that fail silently without being listed there. If you dont include them as failed you should probably not include national currencies that are still around as collector items as failed which would significantly increase the average life expectancy of a fiat currency in a nonsensical way (I personally own the full Zimbabwe note set for example, it still has value but I would personally still regard it as a failure just as I would regard the average altcoin as a failure)
Technical flaws, lack of interest, 50% attacks, scams. Eventually all ECC based coins that dont upgrade their cryptography to be post quantum computing will fail which means all of them that dont have active developer interest.
Even if the average is forever that not really that helpful to speculators anyway since it only takes one lasting forever to make the average forever so maybe I should have asked what the median life expectancy given failure as a failure to attain widespread adoption or market value.
@_date: 2017-06-16 03:10:50
People who support destructive laws are responsible for those laws whether that is voters or politicians or some dumb cop with the choice to enforce or not enforce a dumb law the responsibility is not mutually exclusive. Its not true that this is just the price you pay for society. Sometime its the price you pay to have a society that is shittier than the one you had before the law was interpreted differently or added to the existent body of laws. Sometimes begging politicians to rollback the law does jack shit and ignoring the law is the right thing to do for yourself and for society it all depends on the nature of the law and ones tolerance for risk. 
For instance if a law was passed tomorrow that gay men would have to wear a pink star on their shoulder would you obey this law? Would you comply to a law that said you have to identify your gay friends? Would you still be saying "There is a price to be paid for living in an orderly society"? or would you judge that the risk is very little and simply defy it? Wouldn't you treat the people in power who supported such a law like the pieces of shit they are while you still had the chance? 
@_date: 2016-07-22 08:37:24
They are currently asking for people to make sure their address is registered on  in preparation for the distribution. There will no doubt be a trial distribution on testnet with more security testing. 
You can sell your whole account at most trades are for BTC you will most likely need to use bitrated to escrow the btc as the augur team is no longer escrowing every trade directly (they transfer accounts) 
@_date: 2017-06-01 04:44:08
@_date: 2016-07-27 04:13:42
Ok, thanks, sorry for being lazy :) 
@_date: 2016-07-24 11:20:11
because [affiliate links](
@_date: 2017-06-09 14:50:11
why buy one when you can have 2 at twice the price only this one can be kept secret!
@_date: 2017-06-05 22:09:48
I'm not sure about the specifics of lightning but I do know a little about Ethereum's raiden. The idea is that you would rout transactions through highly interconnected parties. Exchanges and large merchants would be a good starting point but you could have large holders also offer their services as a payment processor.
This isnt as trust free as an on chain payment for sure, you have a centralized party that can censor transactions going through them. The idea though is that you would instantly rout around them through other nodes and whoever is the most open gains the most in fees which can be much much lower while still being profitable.
You are not trusting these parties with your money. Every off chain transaction is a proof that they cannot forge and it invalidates previous proofs. If they pay you then submit an earlier transaction then you submit yours to invalidate it. 
There is a threat here if nodes also control 51% of mining because they could censor your later transaction but then they could also double spend.
If the worry is wealth centralization then setup yourself as a payment node until there is no more demand for further redundancy. 
@_date: 2017-06-04 16:12:25
Adding decimal places doesn't add new currency. It just means you can divide the currency up further. So instead of only being able to go down to a satoshi you could go down to 1/10^N of a satoshi. 
If people have trouble dealing with smaller units because they dont like saying .0000000042 of a BTC then they just deal in satoshis or whatever you name the smaller units. People already price some altcoins like dogecoin in satoshis (sat) for convenience.  
Or are you talking about inflationary disruptions due to coins that are lost then found again? In that case at least you know the maximum disruption possible. 
BTW "market driven" is anything voluntary which would be any possible protocol change so long as no one is forcing you to adopt it. Its not really a useful term here. 
@_date: 2017-06-05 13:49:42
With lightning transactions it can be.
@_date: 2017-06-29 11:40:31
Once you are on PoS the identity of the attacker becomes provable within the system because they will be signing multiple histories with the same key. Its at that point the network splits into one where the attacker funds is burned and one where they are free to attack all they want to no effect. 
@_date: 2016-07-23 23:56:50
[INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR MEANINGFUL ANSWER](
@_date: 2017-06-04 12:59:20
It still fits within the definition of a soft fork. Old nodes would still see the blocks as valid. Empty blocks are valid bitcoin blocks.
Segwit has to sensor transactions in this way too: SegWit transactions look like transactions that do not require a signature so without 51% of the miners behind SegWit they would be unsafe to send. With 51% behind SegWit any miner that tries to claim these transactions would be orphaned. 
A hard fork would be completely ignored by old nodes. They would not relay blocks at all. 
It would have the same effect as a hard fork really because users would have to upgrade their nodes to receive payment.


Yes. 
@_date: 2017-06-15 14:40:10
@_date: 2017-06-24 03:39:59


Triple entry accounting simply means sharing the ledger with 3rd parties. With double entry book keeping you and the person you do business with keeps a record so that you both keep the other person honest. On your books this manifests as 2 columns: assets and liabilities. This may seem obvious but at some point in the past it had to be invented. 
In a similar way decentralization is a fundamental property of bitcoin. Without it there is no point in having proof-of-work as a component of a database synchronization technology. This may seem obvious but apparently it was not obvious to anyone who knew about hash cash before satoshi came along. 
Thats what impresses me the most about satoshi. He took a bunch of standard components and put them together in a way that produces behavior unlike anything that had been produced by the components before. 
@_date: 2013-11-14 09:58:31
@_date: 2017-06-04 03:16:58
You dont have to. Not everyone has to value something for it to have a price. Only enough people to prevent the demand being saturated by the supply.
@_date: 2017-06-04 11:46:39
They can with 51% of the mining power which is whats required for a soft fork: Any block that includes transactions using the old system would be orphaned at that point. 
@_date: 2013-11-11 11:21:31
One thing I should add is that just because something is subjective doesn't make it bad or a bad investment. I am very bullish on bullion investing. In fact I run When I say value is subjective I am simply being in line with the Austrian and Chicago (the Friedmans anyway) school of economics. I actually can't think of a school of economics that accepts intrinsic value other than maybe the Marxists who think labor is the intrinsic value (same logical error your making). 
@_date: 2013-05-04 11:08:28
Imagine for a second that you have family in one of those countries that Obama has signed off on drones strikes for. Do you think its a simple matter of weighing up how much money they allocate for things people would otherwise pay for because they like (education, transportation, agriculture, utilities or anything else at all) and the things that people wouldn't voluntarily pay for which is why they need to be forced? 
@_date: 2013-11-02 21:51:29
Blow-stamp stamps
@_date: 2017-06-20 06:29:02
@_date: 2013-11-03 02:51:09
For there to be an application specific integrated circuit that does Script then there would have to be Application specific integrated circuits that have large memory capacities or high bandwidth interfaces to external memory. Could you point me to a chip fabricator that currently does that at a cost competitive with graphics cards? How does the estimated cost per hash difference between a script ASIC to GPU compare to the cost per hash difference between a sha256 ASIC and a gpu? Even if an ASIC was created for Script if that difference is not as large as it is for bitcoin then litecoin is still achieving the developers goal of keeping the concentration of mining power dispersed. 
I don't hold litecoin myself but I can at least admit that the network is doing what it was designed to do and until some breakthrough in memory integration (memristors maybe?) or bandwidth is achieved it will continue to do so. Also if litecoin is ASIC'ed it would be because it has been successful enough as a currency to be profitable to do so. Thats not much of an argument against it as a speculation. 
@_date: 2013-08-31 11:08:41
not with that attitude.
@_date: 2013-11-26 07:42:48
Bitcoin is backed by the gold of everyone willing to sell gold for bitcoin ;-)
@_date: 2013-12-31 20:29:18
Peercoin's proof of stake involves interest being paid to the transaction processors. This breaks bitcoins core economic feature of a limited supply of currency units. Even though this doesn't cause a net transfer of wealth among holders (if everyone gets 1% pa then they all stay the same relative to each other) its still different and a lot of people don't want different.  
Also Peercoin *is* the bitcoin protocol. It *is* a fork of bitcoin at a different genesis block but still a fork. 
I think its much easier to simply buy peercoins with your bitcoins then attempt a fork of bitcoin just to clone Peercoin's incentive model.  
@_date: 2013-11-19 08:45:04
Well actually Mr Bot I was buying in AUD. 
@_date: 2017-06-11 03:01:35
You would crack the encryption on a PC
@_date: 2013-11-20 10:39:07


I think that might explain how the average Chinese person could find out about bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-02-22 08:01:35
I'm an anarchist and even I was taken off guard by the sudden onslaught of radical claims at the end of it. Bitcoin is not a panacea: so long as people believe it is ok to use force to control others the state will persist. Taking away its ability to create a monopoly on money is not going to defund the state. It would in my opinion just reset its funding mechanism to taking wealth directly. Think property tax, wealth tax, resource and industry nationalization, the shit that goes down in countries when their currencies collapse regardless of the fact that people who hold gold and this time bitcoin will be ok, governments will play whack-a-mole with anyone trying to accumulate any assets. I don't think any attack on bitcoin will do anything but promote bitcoin and make it more robust but people and their wealth can certainly be attacked and taken. Real destruction of the state requires replacing any of its legitimate functions with peaceful means and getting people to reject the rest.
@_date: 2013-12-24 21:34:03
but if its only 10 years away then you should worry right? but if its 20 years away its only 10 years until people start to worry so it might be a good idea to worry about what the people in 10 years will do. And so forth. At some point even though its beyond your time horizon it wont be beyond the time horizon of the people you might want to sell to because they see it as a problem that will affect them. 
@_date: 2013-05-20 06:13:42
Its only been 3 months since a [1BTC tip was about $25]( for me its been a runup in the price thats caused me to look back on all the tips and say damn those tips are worth like $500 now and I'm glad bill didn't see the tip... I think I'll get generous again once the price goes sideways for 6 months. 
@_date: 2013-04-09 03:43:18
You could also consider putting some bitcoins into a brain wallet with a sufficiently complex passphrase. That way all your storage could be destroyed and your drop box go offline but you would still have your key safely stored in your brain.
@_date: 2013-10-18 21:23:57


You use multi-signature transactions to do escrow: both the buyer and seller put an amount + the buyers payment as a single transaction into an account that needs both parties signatures to be released. The seller then knows that the buyer cannot get their money back and so can send the goods. The buyer can then sign a transaction that releases the funds and returns the extra they put in as bond. It wouldn't stop people from screwing over each other but it would make it unprofitable. You could do 3rd party escrow this way as well by having 2 of 3 signatures needed with the upside that if the 3rd party is compromised then the funds can't be seized. 
@_date: 2013-05-23 19:02:04


Anarchy does not mean no rules it means no rulers. Similarly its not a case of neutrality being anarchy but whether you use a threat of force to get people to do what you want. If your not threatening anybody with violence then its still anarchy (afterall nobody is forcing people to process your transaction). If the miners just decide not to include satoshi dice transactions then its still anarchy.
@_date: 2017-06-02 17:31:30
A witness when talking about cryptography is a digital signature. With bitcoin transactions right now the witness (signature) is part of the data that is used to generate the transaction id. Segwit removes the signature from the current transaction format and puts it in a separate location which you can think of as an extension to a block. The witness (digital signature) is segregated from the block.
This has a number of advantages. It fixes transaction malleability, this is where the digital signature data is changed (just some padding) to make the transaction have a different id. So if you send a transaction you cannot rely on it confirming with the same id as when you sent it. This caused problems with a number of services until they started using other means to track transactions like outputs. Without the signature being part of the transaction the txid is known in advance and cannot change.
This makes the lightning network a lot easier to do. You dont have to have a bunch of code that deals with all the different combinations of mutated transactions.
All of this is backwards compatible because old clients just see valid transactions that they think did not require signatures and the new nodes enforce the extra rules for the transactions by only allowing these no signature transactions to confirm if they actually do have signatures in the extra data.
From the perspective of miners blocks are bigger with segwit because they absolutely must have the extra data to validate blocks properly. Otherwise they could mine with a transaction that does not have a valid signature in the extra data and their block will be ignored by the majority.
Blocks can however pack more transactions for the total space and clients that are run by service providers that only care that a block is already verified by miners dont have to download the extra data. They dont need to update their node at all unless they want to be able to send transactions in the new way which is cheaper.
     
@_date: 2017-06-04 03:25:07
Its seems likely that a small percentage of the supply will be lost indefinitely. If thats say 1% on average each year in the long run then the supply will never run out due to lost coins. There may need to be an adjustment to the number of decimal places available every 50 years or so or just a switch to arbitrary precision numbers. 
@_date: 2013-11-24 07:06:48
much better than the regular price.
@_date: 2013-10-11 19:48:24
Value is subjective. Any one thing you say is the reason bitcoin has value might not match up with what the person reading values and these things are not valued by the author at all. He wants everyone under the watchful eye of a totalitarian state and he wants that state to be able to extract wealth from everyone through the monopoly on money, so all of the things that you or I might value in bitcoin are negatives to the author even the attributes that he might find and praise in a fiat currency just as you would hate the strengths of your enemy.
@_date: 2013-04-07 03:44:53
thats why the first 3 words in my pass-phrase are "go fuck yourself"
@_date: 2013-10-05 21:14:56
+pi ppc
@_date: 2013-11-10 17:53:06
Wealth is subjective also. What is wealth to one person might be trash to another. My definition is that wealth is whatever satisfies a human's desires like a house or a car or a pile of gold. At any point the "value" of these might change but it can change without anything happening to the object itself. If the value changes without anything happening to the object then it can't be intrinsic.
@_date: 2013-05-05 04:37:43
I don't know which ones will be successful if any of the current ones. There are a lot of factors that go into the security. For instance are the alt coins being actively developed? are they popular enough to have a network capable of defending itself (in the case of script coins and sha256) or a wide enough user base to avoid centralization (in the case of proof of work coins)? I'm not going to pretend to know the answers to these questions especially since the answer could change over time with sentiment. That said by current market capitalization the most popular script alt-coin is litecoin and the most popular proof of work alt coin is ppcoin. 
@_date: 2017-06-16 02:41:08
Best time to go all in.
@_date: 2013-03-17 08:54:56
+tip $1 verify
@_date: 2013-11-04 06:58:37
Its funny how its never: what about the railways?
@_date: 2016-07-27 03:03:21
Yes but the attack I described could drain that ETC if they are not careful. 
- Deposit 1K ETH
- Withdraw 1k ETH and 1K ETC
- Repeat until all ETC in the hot wallet is drained
- repeat again if they move ETH from cold storage to the hot wallet (relay the ETC from the cold wallet to the hot wallet)
@_date: 2013-06-18 07:13:06
Just used bitinnovate for the first time, I have to say I am incredibly impressed by how fast I got my bitcoins. Thanks. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 21:51:23
Do you have any plans to implement an options market? 
@_date: 2013-04-11 09:20:33
ultimately it would be people taking their bitcoins to another exchange
@_date: 2013-09-17 09:47:50
The person who posted this video has no idea how either PPC or BTC fundamentally work. Please don't consider him to be representative of the people who do support the PPCoin. 
I'll try and respond to your points as a not so hysterical supporter of this altcoin.
1. I agree with this entirely. Although I would hope that any improvements made by the developers of either currency would be shared and the primary developer of PPCoin and Primecoin, Sunny King is friendly with sharing his insights, your right there are far more developers working on bitcoin and so the transfer of value in this area is going to be in the direction from bitcoin to all other altcoins for some time to come. 
2. yep
3. It does. PPCoin has a block size and a block target for proof of stake blocks just as it does for PoW blocks. The person who made this video doesn't know what he is talking about.
4. You are right with this as well. Nominally PPCoin inflates by 1% at most due to PoS but relatively everyone stays the same. The Effect of this is a cost to hold the currency: you have to mint it in order to not lose up to 1% due to PoS. The benefit of this cost is that PoS supports the network just as PoW does but with different economic incentives. I will try and make the case for this further on but really I am confident enough in the different design that I believe the currency will make its own case due to a marginal increase in security per transaction cost. This should sell itself not be sold by people who don't know what they are talking about. In any case the cost of PoS is incredibly tiny in terms of resource usage even though its an attempt to create the same level of financial cost for an attacker without that resource usage because they will have to buy and hold the currency (losing money) to attack it.
5. To be accurate PPC does not have a fixed transaction fee in the sense that the fee amount is part of the protocol. It is default client behavior but the size of the fee that is acceptable can be changed by the miners and the amount of fees paid is default client behavior as well. The code for prioritizing transactions is the same as the code for bitcoin.
What is part of the protocol of PPC is that the fees are burned. The purpose of having the fee is to prevent spamming of transactions and not to encourage the miner to make a block since the miner is already encouraged to make a block due to the different inflation model. The motivation to include the transaction is only for 2 reasons: you benefit as a miner from that little bit of deflation and including transactions makes the currency work and so keeping your stake valuable :P If the fees get too high they can always be lowered without any protocol change and if the network gets too spammy then fees can be raised. Its basically the same as bitcoin but with deflation instead of a fee because the miner always gets interest. So it keeps going the way it does now forever instead of changing to be a fee only currency like bitcoin will. Whether that is better or worse is subjective but OP is incredibly false to call bitcoins model unsustainable. 
6. Hopefully innovations in this area will benefit all crypto-currencies
7. I do believe that PoS will result in a currency that has a lower resource cost for its level of security and that this will result in a marginal decrease in the transaction costs of PPC vs bitcoin for a given level of security but PPC is nowhere near that point in its development yet. For PPC to be secure it still needs a large network of hashing power like bitcoin has and its market cap needs to grow from its tiny (just under 4 million dollar) amount to something that has some real economic... weight. The reason I believe that PPC will be secure at a lower cost is because to attack it you will have to buy it instead of buying mining equipment like you would to attack another crypto-currency and once you are done attacking it you lose! its financial mutually assured destruction. With an attack using mining equipment the attacker still has mining equipment after the attack but with this they are left with a currency which has been pumped to high prices by the attacker buying up stake (meaning the people seeing the attack can actually profit from it as well) and dumped to nothing if successful meaning they lose at the original holders gain. And if it is successfully defended then the main cost of doing that is to simply hold the currency and mint with it (not much of a cost at all) especially once it becomes more widely distributed as a currency then it could be as a network of high powered mining machines. There is obviously a lot of unknowns in this model so I am not about to take my speculation and grantee it to anyone but I do support it and believe that a proof of stake currency will prove its value simply by its continued existence.
8. A 51% attack would require an increase in the networks hashing power and a subsequent decrease in the block reward. PPC has a faster adjustment to the difficulty meaning an attacker would be losing money by doing this very quickly and while they are attempting to do a PoW attack their blockchain would be littered with PoS blocks from the holders of the currency (or it wouldn't be accepted by the network) meaning transactions would still be getting through and they would not just have to have more hashing power but also more stake but they can't get more stake by dumping hashing power on the network because the block reward drops: they would have to buy the stake off of the holders and then they would be attacking themselves but realistically they would never be able to buy up all the stake. 
Here are a couple of proper criticisms you can use though: because PPC is new it didn't have the hashing power or the stake to defend itself so the developer added a checkpoint system and a limit on inflation. Both of these are set to be removed once the currency is on its feet but they have not been removed yet. The second is that in order for PoS blocks to be created they must be signed which means the private key must be used putting it at risk when people do PoS. There is a proposed change to the protocol which will remove that risk but it also has not been added yet. PPCoin is still a baby. There is still a lot of work to be done to make it a contender and throwing it out there into the ring right now is well dumb, especially since it will most likely get more users from the bitcoin market than from anywhere else for a long time to come. 
@_date: 2013-06-07 12:15:32
+10 ppcoins
@_date: 2017-06-04 03:30:30
That only reduces the supply creation which is valid in the current consensus rules. A soft fork still cant increase the supply.
@_date: 2013-02-23 04:39:13
Is it even a vending machine if it doesn't dispense anything? 
@_date: 2017-06-23 11:35:23


lol, its sharding like shard of glass. Sharting is where a little bit of poop comes out with your fart. 
@_date: 2013-03-26 07:20:12
123873981 redditor for 2 hours has nothing to hide... 
@_date: 2013-10-02 09:37:23
Can't wait until she hits puberty!!
@_date: 2013-05-04 11:14:10
are you saying that less people are using bitcoin now? 
@_date: 2013-07-05 22:02:57
Letting a central server hold the ledger is more efficient since only that computer needs to be running and no proof of work needs to be done. But is it secure and free from moral hazard? 
I am a big supporter of PPC but some facts need to be presented in order to make the case and the metric is not energy usage vs number of transaction but security vs energy use. PPC has the potential to be just as secure as bitcoin but with a much much lower energy cost but that is still a potential since work needs to be done on the software side before some people will be convinced. The two main problems being the central checkpoint system and the need to sign proof of stake blocks which exposes the stake to theft of the private key. It looks like the network has grown enough so that it can resist 51% attack from ASIC miners (since ASIC miners are already mining it) so the checkpoint system will likely be removed soon however until it has actually been removed it still places an awful lot of power in the hands of Sunny since in the event of a block fork it will be his keys that determine which chain is the attacking one and which one is to be accepted by your client. As for the security of proof of stake, an adjustment to the protocol will be made soon that makes stealing your stake impossible if you are mining correctly but again until that happens its unlikely that proof of stake will take off in a big way.
so right now PPC is not more efficient and neither is its clones in terms of security vs energy consumption. Give it 6 months to a year for all the changes to take place, be tested and data analysed and for me to have finished buying up my stake in it and then we will see.
@_date: 2013-01-15 09:40:31


No one can make you owe or someone owe you what you do not accept before hand with this system. If you don't want your credit to be from someone then you can lower their limit or even place an exchange rate between their debt and someone else's or not extend them credit on ripple in the first place (or create a separate node for yourself vs them that has no one else in its network).


I'm sure this will be a problem for debts in usd or other national currencies however you could contractually oblige all members of your network to default when things go wrong leaving you with a known worse case scenario. 
btw ripple is based on [Hawala]( and taking a look at the legal issues it has faced might give you some idea of whats in store for ripple and how the differences that result from making this system a distributed network might affect that. 
@_date: 2013-12-24 21:29:59
It really isn't. In order for a pool to force changes on the protocol they would still have to get people to download a different client with the changed protocol in it. 
@_date: 2013-11-23 22:44:54


Value is subjective: The value of anything is exactly what a person is willing to pay for it. Get enough people valuing something and you get market prices. Saying bitcoin is not worth $800 is only a matter of opinion its got nothing to do with logic either.


You are comparing the entire world with what is only an 8 billion dollar asset. How about comparing the market cap of bitcoin to the number of retailers that accept it to the market cap of gold to the number of retailers that accept it. You might come to the conclusion that gold is over valued also but its not up to you whether it is or isn't in either case, its up to the people who are actually in the respective markets. 


Its already possible to have to spend less fiat on something due to the lower overhead of say bitpay vs paypal so the redundancy is irrelevant. 
You are seeing things from the perspective of the customer when there is a merchant involved also.


Its as anonymous as your reddit username. with a little care its not that difficult for people who want to remain anonymous to do so. You just have to not use your real identity when buying and selling or mix when transferring between identities. 


Not all parabolic charts result in a crash. Take a look at the chart of gold against Zimbabwe dollars that chart literally went to infinity since the units it was measured in went to zero. Less extreme examples would be the chart of a company that is build up from nothing then reaches a certain size and stays there or grows more slowly over time. Even with a crash many assets stabilize at some point. You need a better argument than that. 


that may be true but its getting easier over time. Unlike cash. 


Thats not much of a delay for the security you get. You can accept transactions instantly if you trust the buyer. There are many forms of transactions that take longer then that and the only way to have instant transfers is to have either a central (and so prone to counter-party risk) processor or to physically transfer the asset in question in person which does not include the time taken to get to the point of sale.


unlike credit cards and cash, eh?


how much revenue do casinos turn over again? Is that supposed to be an argument against the value of bitcoin or for it?


compared to what? 
@_date: 2013-05-10 10:11:38
[The Myth of Scandinavian Socialism](
@_date: 2013-05-02 09:34:24
It expired and was returned so he probably didn't even see it. 
@_date: 2013-11-06 05:41:12
I'd say I own my copy of the blockchain. I don't for instance give any one else the right to delete it or modify it but I do give others the right to copy it. I could turn off my computer and remove that right to copy my copy but then people can just copy another person's copy. Yep, nobody has the right to control every copy of the blockchain since its already owned exclusively by individual users on the network. 
@_date: 2013-09-01 10:04:25
How well would the service work over bitmessage? 
@_date: 2013-01-14 03:22:21
Looks like a lot of resistance in one direction and not a lot of resistance in another. 
@_date: 2013-03-15 21:02:58
using the tip bot means you get the bitcoins back when they don't accept them after 21 days. 
@_date: 2013-11-04 07:04:31
And even then use lock time to make sure its not spent for at least another 50 years. 
@_date: 2013-01-08 08:38:10
If you don't that people have this freedom why don't you move to north Korea? 
@_date: 2013-10-26 10:54:43
Some people see property rights as a separate thing from state law: a mutual agreement between individuals about who ought to control stuff. In fact property pre-dated governments in that without property rights society would not have prospered to the point where a parasitic class could survive off of the excess production they gain by the threat of force and some deception, from the rest of the population.
If you believe that a government is not stealing when it takes from you then thats fine but its no different to when you believe that an individual has the right to take from you. Its ok to you because your ok with it. But other people who don't want an individual or group taking from them under a threat of imprisonment or death do see it as stealing and they are not wrong any more than anyone who says they have been stolen from if you ask the person doing the stealing or the people who support it.  
I don't believe there is a perfect system. I think that its worse than that. Anyone attracted to a position of power is likely not suited to the job which is why I don't support the sort of mental division between one person taking from others or threatening others or killing them as good or bad just because they are politicians or appointed by them. 
@_date: 2013-07-05 22:08:23
Don't lie. You love being that guy.
@_date: 2013-11-04 06:57:42
People used to just pay for the things that they need: need healthcare? get together with the people at your job or community, pool your resources and buy a doctor for a year. It used to be so much cheaper than it is today until the government stepped in to help. Want to get around? governments didn't build the railroads you know. They didn't design or build cars. Oh but wait a flat area going from once place to another is just too damn hard for a society that can bring you smart phones and push up bras... Yeha we would all be standing around scratching our heads not knowing what we want or how to get it if it wasn't for politicians. 
@_date: 2013-12-31 23:34:38
those people need @_date: 2013-10-27 03:50:54
It is an unfortunate name: it should have been [peercoin]( from the start. But since its much easier to say (in public) I think the new name will stick.
@_date: 2013-05-10 09:56:16
Whats a "fringe" anarchist? is that someone who is against the state mandating hair cuts?


To be honest I think getting rid of market anarchy links would be like getting rid of crytography links. The currency, or more specifically the protocol, *is* a realization of market anarchy whether you like it or not. The way it works is the way voluntary consensus works (without a central authority) its an idea that is fundamental to the understanding of bitcoin and while it can be ignored (just as the cryptography aspects of bitcoin can be ignored) I think its important to have links to a community that understands how economic interactions can be achieved without the threat of violence: a good thing. 
People who want to use bitcoin but are put off by hard maths can ignore the cryptography links and the ones who want to bury their heads in the sand about how unnecessary violent and coercive central authority is can ignore the economics and anarchism links. 
@_date: 2013-07-06 22:44:54
planetary resources plans to send fleets of robots to the asteroid fields and other robots to mine and smelt the asteroids where they are. Water is the first target because it can be used to make rocket fuel which lowers the cost of everything. Then they will go after platinum. They have no plans to bring an asteroid back to earth/moon orbit since it would take an enormous amount of energy to do so. 
[here is an overview of their plan]( (warning long winded)
they have also gained [kickstarter]( funding for one of their satellites
@_date: 2013-09-07 00:55:22
Phones already use ASICs to integrate all the functionality needed into such a small device. Why not put the trezor in the silicon too with its own physically separate memory and serial connection to the OS to get the transaction data. Give it the ability to take over the touch screen and your done with the hardware part and it can be added to the lowest cost phones there are. Give Joe redneck the choice between making a random seed he backs up himself or getting a pre-created and backed up and funds managed by the supplier and he could even have the phone stolen and returned and it would still be reasonably safe to use with a newly created key so long as the thief can't crack open the ASIC chip and get at its protected memory.
@_date: 2013-12-24 20:55:22
This should be your goal if you are a potato farmer as well. Any thing you can do that increases the value you provide for others while reducing the costs to yourself and others is making you rich with the least amount of work.  
@_date: 2013-11-05 10:41:38


Has your imagined railway company never heard of options contracts? Its possible to get an agreement for the purchace of the right of passage or the land itself before actually committing to an actual rail line. In that way several alternate rail lines can be computed and compared. If none of them turn out to be affordable then you might want to question whether the rail line is actually more valuable than the land it will intrude on. The more you propagandize how valuable it is the more I'm convince it shouldn't be done through eminent domain since  valuable = profitable. 


Here in Australia we have a company that has build a rail line towards a competitors tracks rather than the port because they want to use the law to force the competitor to allow their cars on the line that they refused to build when they had all the resources to do so... They could pay to have the competitor allow their cars on but they don't want to pay the full price. 


what strange people there are that would throw money away like that. But the question to me is: is it their land or not? If it isn't then you don't need the government to give the land away because its nobodies land. 


How is making everyone pay taxes to cover a continent in roads that drivers get the benefit from leading to urban sprawl preventing carbon emissions? 
How is inflating a housing bubble cutting carbon emissions?
How is a military that uses more carbon fuels than quite a few counties cutting emissions?
How is the petro dollar making it cheaper to ship goods into america than manufacturing locally as a result of cutting poor countries off of oil supplies unless they buy USD (which they get from selling cheap goods to Americans) cutting emissions? 
Before proposing the government as a solution to problem X please check if it isn't one of the major contributors... 
@_date: 2013-04-20 22:56:05
Your right, avalanche noise is the result of a deterministic physical system. There are also problems with the way they eliminate the bias.
I'd use John von Neumann's algorithm for generating a fair coin toss from a coin with an unknown bias:
    Toss the coin twice.
    If the results match, start over, forgetting both results.
    If the results differ, use the first result, forgetting the second.
But a source of noise generated from quantum effects is whats really needed. Do you have any suggestions?
@_date: 2013-10-21 07:22:02
Energy was not free in star trek it was rationed. Sure the ration was larger than what most people needed in order to have a replicator to provide government approved items (all replicators had DRM and presumably you couldn't replicate the replicators without including it) and holodecks ~~to jerk off in~~ to satisfy all your your desires for self improvement. But if you wanted to do something that required a lot of energy you had to lobby the government. 
The only way there could be free energy available to anyone who needed it is if their was unlimited energy or a much darker possibility human beings have had their desire for growth taken from them. There are no dyson sphere level human civilizations in the star trek universe and they have no unlimited energy weapons in which to take out the borg so I'm assuming they didn't have unlimited energy... 
@_date: 2013-07-06 04:15:24


I disagree, along with Fred Foldvary, David D. Friedman, Friedrich Hayek, Richard Timberlake, Pascal Salin, George Selgin, Lawrence H. White and others I am a supporter of free banking. Even without state intervention paper money has won out over gold [as a currency]. Even when people are free to choose between gold and paper they put the gold in the vaults and use the paper as the currency. Hell, they even do it low and no reserve without anyone sticking a gun to their heads (in fact thats the only way it can work long term). I think you give those gangs of thugs way to much credit. They don't have a super human ability to control your life. They can't make you see paper as money and gold as a store of wealth. They just take advantage of the fact that thats what results when one medium of exchange with high transaction costs goes up against one with low transaction costs. Yes they worm their way in and boost up the fiat nature but they can only do that because the population as a whole has chosen economic efficiency over the freedom and control. Do you want me to give you some examples? Or do you already know everything and have nothing to learn? 
@_date: 2013-11-15 23:51:16
no currency is truly fungible. Even gold is tractable by the fact that people tend to make it in forms that are identifiable. Gold coins can be melted down to hide their identity but bitcoins can be mixed... and when you have an economy the size of china that doesn't give a damn about your blacklist then thats one hell of a mixing pot. blacklisting one bitcoin could end up with you blacklisting yourself from the entire world because as soon as the bitcoin from a crime ends up in that mixing pot it will taint the whole thing. It just has to hit an exchange. 
@_date: 2013-11-04 07:09:44
A lot of politicians use offshore corporations to avoid paying taxes. All perfectly legal. Jeff Berwick specializes in setting up that sort of thing for libertarians. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 10:02:04
You could what I don't but do so long as I don't know you do don't. 
@_date: 2013-12-03 04:39:34
@_date: 2013-05-04 11:00:02
If you measure the success of bitcoin by how widely it is used then you could have falling prices while more people are using it because the currency is being distributed from early adopters to a wider user-base. 
@_date: 2013-10-28 07:46:07
@_date: 2013-07-06 09:39:42
Long before that point we will be getting it from seawater and asteroids. You don't have to make the supply infinite to destroy a commodities usefulness as a currency. Just cheap enough so that it becomes too impractical to use compared to money substitutes and now things like bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-12 07:18:43
There is a proposed feature called a cold-lock transaction which would lock where funds could be sent to from an account to a fixed address but still allow minting. That way you could mint and if your key is compromised then the worst thing they could do is send your funds to your pre-chosen address. This seems to be the path that Sunny is taking but there are other ways like the one you suggested. 
I would have a transaction that associates 2 addresses one that contains the funds and one that has the right to sign proof of stake transaction but really these different methodologies are most likely equivalent  to each other.
It would also be cool if you could use something like the trezor to automatically sign proof of stake block headers but to ignore requests for transactions without user intervention. You could even have something like that refuse to sign PoS block unless it at least has a few transactions in it.
@_date: 2013-12-25 21:01:38
I mean if vendors don't accept a chain then even though it exists and may even be longer it is worthless. If the pools change the protocol and don't get the public to change then they have just created an altcoin no matter how much power is put into it, its not bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-07-05 23:14:38
In that case what is the currency that would not fail over a long enough timeline? Or what is the logical error?
@_date: 2013-09-04 07:45:53
Arbitrary number :P
@_date: 2013-12-25 23:30:49
Yes its how the protocol works. How do you change the protocol? 
@_date: 2013-01-02 06:45:48
So? fractional reserve currencies can be based off of any asset. Got cheese? how about [fractional reserve cheese](
If you don't like fractional reserve banking then don't deposit your cheese in a bank, borrow someone else's cheese notes or accept cheese notes in trade.
If you plan on persuading others to not part with their cheese then you have my support but if you plan on stopping people from doing with their cheese what they want then fuck you, you are just as much the problem as the central bankers because you are thinking like them. Thinking you know better how people ought to run their lives than they do but without being able to actually convince them. 
If you want to stop people from getting into debt then offer them an alternative that is more attractive (for example ripple) or hard work and saving. 
@_date: 2013-10-28 08:27:06
edited to sound less adversarial. I don't disagree with you.
@_date: 2013-07-05 22:26:43
subjective value: its worth what people are willing to pay
@_date: 2013-12-08 05:12:02
- make a paper wallet which you know the key to
- create a transaction to it with nLockTime
- destroy original wallet
- ...
- profit?
EDIT: don't forget to keep the transaction backed up safely for when you can submit it to the network ;)
@_date: 2013-11-19 11:14:26
Hey thanks :) I did see it along with my tips as an investment (marketing). If it wasn't for those people willing to use the currency it would have never had value anyway. My biggest regret was not buying more than I had, not that I had spent some. 
@_date: 2013-12-24 21:10:31
When are they going to ban the USD for facilitating terrorist activity? 
@_date: 2013-09-19 08:09:03
+pi ppc
@_date: 2013-08-21 09:37:55
That seems less secure than simply sending the funds to the escrow service then having the escrow service send the funds on when the item has shipped. And you still have to trust the escrow service with 100% control over the funds anyway.
Why not use contracts in the blockchain itself where by you create an address that needs a signature from both parties in order for funds to be moved out of the address. You could then have the buyer send say 110% of the funds into that account and the seller adds 10% as well to show good faith once the seller ships they could create a transaction that gives themselves the amount of payment and returns the 10% back to both parties. The buyer when the goods arrive then has to sign the transaction to get back their 10% and have no reason not to. If the seller didn't ship then the buyer loses a little more but there is no profit and a 10% loss to a seller for doing that (plus the transaction fee for the miner).  When things go good there is no 3rd party trust needed and no more of a transaction cost than the regular transaction fee + opportunity cost of having a little extra tied up for a small amount of time. 
@_date: 2017-06-04 03:45:06
How do they stop old nodes from rejecting the new supply?
EDIT: ok now I get it, by forced soft fork they mean moving the entire system into the extended blocks and completely denying the underlying transactions from happening. Damn that is bad.
That seems more like killing BTC and replacing it with a layer 2 token but the effect would be the same. I wonder if the root stock people imagine this for RSK...
@_date: 2013-11-19 10:39:55
I donated 2 btc to the tipbot when it first came out so I could post on any sub...
@_date: 2013-05-30 07:15:50


I have not made that claim.


I have not said it is.
My simplified definition of a fiat currency is "a currency that gets is value as a result of state mandate rather than from its demand in the market" This excludes the gold standard from being a fiat currency and it also excludes private fractional reserve banking. However what I said was: 


so to expand that:


bitcoin gets (arguably) none of its value from state mandate where as gold and silver under a gold standard got some value from being legal tender.
I did not claim that the gold standard is fiat only that it is closer to fiat than bitcoin because of the state coercion that has gone into it. My referencing Rothbard was to point to the violence not to talk about seignorage. 
I may seem ignorant to your points but I am simply ignoring them since they are irrelevant points to refute what I am saying.  
@_date: 2013-07-06 00:21:25
I'm not really disagreeing with either of you. Except maybe in terms of the likelihood of each scenario which is unknowable. 
@_date: 2016-07-22 19:14:50
You have to have the authorities actually run large parts of the drug cartel indefinitely without oversight its the only way.
@_date: 2013-04-12 09:17:17
Functioning options market would do the trick. scared about your bitcoins going to zero: buy the right to sell them at a fixed rate for a fee. You don't even need any more centralization than currently exists because all of the exchanges could implement covered puts and calls right now by allowing their traders to issue them backed by their deposits (which would be locked to the contract).
@_date: 2013-02-21 13:05:32


Put simply its not. If you extend credit to someone who is unwilling or unable to pay it back then you could end up holding something worthless. Better not do that: Unlike those big banks there will be no one to bail you out with money people are forced to use. 
@_date: 2013-03-25 08:25:29


That's how it works. Every transaction is there for everyone to audit. That way there is no cheating: no double spending, no creating extra out of protocol, no moving money about against peoples will. The downside is that you have to make sure you are not linked to an account in order to stay secret. That's not too hard  to do. Its easier than keeping your reddit identity secret anyway.  
@_date: 2013-01-06 02:18:00
You can beat those odds by becoming the house. 
@_date: 2013-06-29 23:59:27
thats a big promise, how will they keep it?
@_date: 2013-12-26 10:12:03
@_date: 2017-06-14 13:39:07
RemindMe! 120 weeks
@_date: 2013-05-05 04:44:08
I don't care that you *say* you don't condone murder when you materially support it. I would rather that you where better off with the money in your pockets and the problem of having to figure out how to pay for what you want. You don't have to stop finding roads and education or whatever you could just fund the things you support but you choose to support an organisation that also murders. 
@_date: 2013-10-19 23:14:34
Honey kraken is one fearless mother fucker! 
@_date: 2013-01-13 00:19:23
Could setup the server on your home computer then connect to it with your mobile computers. Are there android applications that would connect to these servers or is it just electrum clients? 
@_date: 2013-05-11 01:51:22
which is why we need their public key so we can be alerted using tools like this: 
@_date: 2013-07-06 00:15:05


Then why not say that about Zebulon_Pike's comment instead of making the obviously indefensible claim that his statement was false?
Its not like its unprecedented for commodity currencies to fail or the price of a commodity to drop permanently (think salt as money and aluminium once being a precious metal). Dropping the price of a commodity is one of the main functions of free markets. Right now there are private companies planning to go out and fetch platinum from the asteroid fields. I don't think its unreasonable to expect their success and knowing how precious metals have been in 200 year bear markets in the past its not unreasonable to expect the same period of sustained price drops under the same economic conditions as the 17th century price revolution and for that to begin during your lifetime. If that is the case, not thinking of precious metals as money would be very practical. 
And to add to that, how many people use gold as a medium of exchange (even among precious metals enthusiasts)? A store of value absolutely, insurance against sovereign risk you betcha, but as a currency? is gold solving the double coincidence of wants for very many people? 
If you want to see sophistry look at the gold is *money* crowd. 
That said I recommend owning gold ans silver as a store of wealth, as insurance and because of other effects on a person's time preference that becoming a saver causes. I just don't get all upset when someone has a different view of it and points out inconvenient fact about it: like the 11000 year bear market in comodities
@_date: 2013-11-01 06:25:24
He is not gay, just fancy. 
@_date: 2013-05-27 11:00:26
someone should nudge satoshi dice into the direction of funding that. They could use it.
@_date: 2013-03-12 08:50:14
+tip flip
@_date: 2013-01-06 02:17:32
Have you considered becoming an investment banker? 
@_date: 2013-01-29 08:22:59
I'm tempted to tip the haters just to mess with their heads. 
@_date: 2013-09-07 06:31:09
This is what I learned when I first got into precious metals investing during the financial crisis. Then after learning all about Austrian economics I thought I knew most of what you could know about money... then bitcoin. Seriously, there has been no completely new form of money in over a thousand years. Most ways to exchange value have been tried over and over with endless cycles of failure. Precious metals stood out because they just have what needs to be designed into a currency to make it work and all those attempts to design in the right monetary policy have ended in them being designed right out because there is no consensus or way to enforce it when its the ones doing the enforcing that need to have self discipline. Triple entry book keeping changes everything about currency. Its like going from hunter gatherer society to an agricultural one, one where you use what you can take from nature to one where you make your own rules about the supply. I'm not even doing the new paradigm thing an investor of bitcoin might fool themselves with because the currency that gets the largest market share might not be bitcoin but sooner or later I do believe the system with the lowest transaction costs, the most stable supply and security will be the one most people rely on. 
@_date: 2013-12-14 05:32:21
Its not centralized but it does have a ledger that is check-pointed by a pre-mined currency. The developers holding a large amount of the currency that is used as a fee doesn't give them power over the network but it does mean that they will profit from the network taking off in a way that some might seem unfair. 
@_date: 2013-10-28 07:57:46
*Sure but...* Thats a pump and dump not a ponzi. A ponzi scheme is a very specific kind of investment fraud where the fraudster takes the investors money and guarantees a return on investment (say 7%) but instead wastes the money. In order to keep it going they pay the dividends of erlier investors with the money coming from new investors. 
Bitcoin has no dividends and there is no grantee it will go up in value. And you get what you buy: a bitcoin. Not a promise of a bitcoin. At some point the price will stop going up because everyone who is likely to use it will be using it but unlike a ponzi it doesn't have to stop there because it is still useful as a medium of exchange even though it will no longer be a speculative instrument (except for market fluctuations but then the profit for speculators will be in both short selling and going long at that point) 
there are plenty of things that go up 1000% and stay there. A sapling for example might be worth 100 times as much as a mighty tree :P
@_date: 2013-12-20 21:28:05
you are
@_date: 2013-06-24 07:26:40
@_date: 2013-05-29 05:50:36
@_date: 2013-12-31 10:07:39
If half the people in the world died then you would have bigger problems than bitcoin. But even if you had 8 halvings of the world population, taking it from 7 billion to 27 million (humans dont breed fast enough to replace the population if its halving every year) thats still only 8 binary digits or a byte of data thats needed to allow for the same amount of value to be exchanged once the 8 decimal (decimal not binary). But sure if the human race died off to that extent then the programmers needed to adjust the amount of decimal points needed for bitcoin to trade at that high a value would probably be dead. 
@_date: 2013-09-28 13:26:54
Its amazing how the cult accusations all go along with dehumanizing Molyneux's supposed victims. They have to be mindless thought slaves that are so impressionable that Molyneux can get them to leave their family and... get on with their lives. As a victim of sexual and verbal abuse who left his family long before I found freedomain radio I was very relieved when I found someone willing to say that its ok to separate from the people who physically and emotionally hurt you. He doesn't even say that you should only that you can and that its ok. Something everyone in an abusive relationship of any kind (ironically: especially someone in a cult) should know and this website you link is full of some of the most vile hatred towards supposed victims with no consideration of the possibility that they might have had valid reasons to not want to continue a relationship with their parents. I am glad to see that the site has toned it down a little though focusing on Stef's critics among the libertarian community who amusingly enough the creators of this site would attack if they where not using them because most of them share Stefs views about children being able to leave their family if they want to (lengthyounarther sure does at any rate) but the site is hardly a healthy form of skepticism. 
/rant from an ancap who disagrees with Molyneux's ethical framework but for the most part not his conclusions 
@_date: 2013-09-06 08:43:03
roll both again?
@_date: 2013-05-01 19:09:57
Anarchy doesn't mean no rules. It means no rulers. What you are describing is anarchy. Peaceful cooperation is a form of anarchy since there are no rulers when people are cooperating voluntarily. 
@_date: 2013-12-23 23:24:01
@_date: 2013-04-22 19:01:56
or buying/building semiconductor fabs ourselves
@_date: 2013-11-16 19:43:09
It might happen if the random number generator you use isn't selecting from all of the possible states.
@_date: 2013-05-05 02:42:12
Thats an impressive lack of empathy you have there. I'm not sure if I can really reason with someone who sees human lives as something its ok to discard if it goes along with their perceived personal benefits. 
@_date: 2013-12-31 18:52:05
Yes but if its not a problem if half the keys are lost I don't think it would be a problem if 0.4286% of the keys are lost. 
@_date: 2013-05-05 02:34:52
Only if you believe that a state will waste that amount of money just to push people to other potentially more secure alternatives like proof of stake or script. Whoever figures out which currency is the best in terms of security vs transaction costs and sticks with it will be sitting pretty and that is likely to remain bitcoin for some time to come but there are advantages to the the 2 main alt-coins that would make them pretty obvious choices if bitcoin came under such an attack (although all crypto-currencies might do poorly in the short term if such an attack was even marginally successful: ie if a state was able to prevent transaction processing with a massive investment in its own custom built hashing hardware) because confidence in the ability of all of them might be lowered. There are a hell of a lot of unknowns here which is why its good to diversify outside of crypto-currencies as well. 
@_date: 2013-11-26 08:09:01
"a legitimate currency that isn't just going to reward someone who bought them up when they where cheap"
What price did Schiff buy his gold at again? 
Edit: good debate though. I didn't know Schiff supported fractional reserve banking in a free society. Would have thought he would put it in the fraud category. 
@_date: 2013-10-26 21:32:45
If I lend you the only bitcoin in existence at 1% interest its still possible for you to pay me back in full. All you have to do is sell a good or service to me or someone I employ to the value of 1% of the loan. Loans are not made in order to just sit on the money forever. At least not when the loans are made by humans. They are made so that money can be made and eventually spent. Money going into a bank doesn't only come out as loans it also comes out as wages of employees and payments to share holders and creditors. The same millibit that pays off one loan can be spend by the bank and used by someone else to pay off a different loan. Sure if you tried to pay off all of the loans at once then that wouldn't be possible because that would suck money out of circulation, but that would also cause deflation meaning the money the banks hold is now going to get them a lot more assets. So not only will they be spending to unstick the system but they will do it because they profit from doing so as the assets goods and services will be cheap. Of course the limit to a deflationary squeeze is when the banks start seeing their loans become worthless because people default on the loans. This leaves the bank with a liability but no asset. This model of course is what happens in a free banking system (one without government controls) like Ireland or Australia once had before central banking too over.
Islamic finance is no better btw. Under that you borrow the asset instead of the money: so if you want to get a home but don't have the money you go to some rich person and they buy the home and rent it to you while you buy it off them a little bit at a time.  Now because they own the asset they can set the rules for it: like no eating bacon in ~~your own home~~ their home or selling alcohol in ~~your business~~ their business. 
The rents on assets are equivalent to rent on money anyway and if there is a fixed supply of money then you still run into the problem of how the money gets to you in order for you to pay the loans! Its the same way: you provide goods and services to the rich people (directly or indirectly) to get back the money you need to pay the rent.
Both systems have their advantages and disadvantages. For instance if asset prices are rising I would rather borrow money to buy an asset but if they are falling I would rather have the vendor take that risk. but in either case the lender of the vendor is going to adjust the rates or the rent so they don't lose. 
I think the real problem is being forced into one or the other system rather than being able to choose: and so choose the one you think is currently screwing people over the least. Or even better choose to create your own financial system like we are doing with bitcoin and altcoins.
@_date: 2013-03-12 08:49:58
+tip flip
@_date: 2013-09-28 12:27:23
Could you make this a little better by adding proof of work to it:
sha256(A + B + X)
Where X is just a number incremented until the first characters of the resulting public key fit a set pattern? If someone finds B then they would have a harder time brute forcing the password or would it be better just to split the salt up and hide in several locations? 
@_date: 2013-12-08 06:02:58
Engraved spoon.
@_date: 2013-12-31 18:55:20
They can provide insurance. What they cant do is socialize the losses onto everyone else through tax and inflation. 
@_date: 2013-10-06 12:57:32
That makes much more sense thanks. 
@_date: 2013-12-11 06:43:00
@_date: 2013-03-12 08:50:06
+tip flip
@_date: 2013-06-18 18:59:31
Money is the most widely used medium of exchange for a given economy. I don't think bitcoin is quite there yet even for the internet. Once most people are measuring prices in their heads in bitcoin, then I think it would be fair to call it money. Of course yelling that it is money is one strategy to try and get people to think it is and in the process make it so but I find that an annoying strategy vs just using it and pointing out its advantages.
@_date: 2013-11-05 23:40:50
I want land to be unowned but the improvements on the land to be owned. So you would own your home and if yor a farmer yor vrops but not the right of passage or territory. A government saying what you can do though id the opposite of that. Governments enforce tertitorial ownership, they are the reason large areas are privatly owned but i dont consider that private but facist
@_date: 2013-04-07 09:06:25
not all greed is "self" interest though. If a person sees themselves as part of something else they can give up resources as an individual for their identity as part of a group. This is my definition of altruism but it is really just greed playing out on a group identity level just as it does on a genetic level when a parent gives up resources for an offspring (think a male praying mantis allowing itself to get eaten so that its genes are spread due to the increased chance its offspring will survive when the mother praying mantis is well fed) is this self interest? I have a hard time thinking of that male mantis as  self interested and Rand would probably chuck a fit at the idea of self sacrifice of this kind but its real and from the perspective of a gene its an action based on self interest but at the same time not so much for the individual. 
@_date: 2013-10-27 02:48:18
@_date: 2013-10-13 01:38:24
they would if they knew how to use a mixing service after using the exchange
@_date: 2013-12-10 05:55:11
I think he is asking what does the pi do to a phone it breaks into. My guess would be that it steals all the information: passwords etc possibly installs their code on your phone to have further access 
@_date: 2013-02-27 00:56:42
Nothing has intrinsic value. 
@_date: 2013-08-27 11:22:10
+1 ppc
@_date: 2013-11-16 20:00:07
@_date: 2013-04-08 04:41:55
maybe he lives in Singapore... or will soon.  
@_date: 2013-09-20 23:35:19
Instead of saying "legit businesses" you could say "legal business" since you are falsely implying that an illegal activity is not a legitimate one or that everything a government decides *is* what is legitimate or not. If you agree that currently illegal drugs should be legalized would the selling of those drugs suddenly become a legitimate business? 
@_date: 2013-05-29 07:47:21
The value of fiat money is not affixed by the state though. The state has no power to mandate value. It has the power to say what is and isn't a dollar but it has no power to imbue that dollar with value. That value (today) mostly comes from taxation and other legal tender law as an effect of those laws on peoples preferences. If state mandated monopoly coinage in gold is not fiat then state mandated paper money is no more fiat than free market paper money since its the mandate that it is a dollar which is the link between violence being used to generate its demand or not.
I am not claiming that its the tax that makes it fiat since tax on something does not create a demand for although its not a tax but a subsidy in any case (rothbard was not saying that the coins where taxed but that tax was used to subsidize it or in other words everything else was taxed to provide more of the state issued coins). It is the state mandated decree that it is a "coin" or a "dollar" where as an identical shaped and composed lump of metal without state authorization is not. Its that state mandate which imbues the gold standard coin with the property of being a "dollar" just as a state mandate makes a piece of paper with some ink on it a dollar today. Its that decree that links the gold coin to the extra demand created by state extortion. I am not claiming that the full value of the coin comes from that mandate any more than I would claim that the value of a paper dollar comes only from a state mandate. There is some fraction of the value of a paper dollar that comes from peoples willingness to use it even if they decide to never pay taxes on it or get themselves in debt for it. You are thinking way to binary. The history of the USD is one of becoming progressively more state controlled over time. 
For me at least to have gold being used in a free market way it would simply be trading in gold. Just as trading in say wheat would be trading in wheat and not some "wheat standard" there is no need for a special title to be added to gold if you are trading in gold and we do that right now when we trade in gold and silver. People calling for a gold standard want something more than just being able to trade bullion, from what I gather most of them want legal tender status for gold. A free market solution is not legal tender gold or a gold standard but a complete elimination of legal tender law. Would you call that a gold "standard" when it is complete anarchy in the realm of currency creation? I would only call it a gold standard if you have something like a dollar or a frank or some other statist coinage that happens to be a commodity that people also value. 
@_date: 2013-03-06 10:25:30
Their strategy of selling oil for sugar in the Philippines and settling the difference in silver to sidestep the USD was sound. But they got greedy and bought more than they could afford using money borrowed from the Saudis. If they had not done that then the COMEX could not have forced them to sell. There is a lesson here for bitcoin supporters, don't borrow short to go long. If you leverage up by multiples of your net wealth you could loose everything. 
@_date: 2013-09-06 21:21:22
I assume he is using a die that has a zero symbol [0 to 9] so he would be picking from 0 to 93 for 94 symbols from his symbol chart. 
Assuming the die is not weighted each first roll symbol has a 1/10 chance but you don't want a first roll of 9 to have a 1 in 10 chance because that would mean the set [90,91,92,93] has a 1 in 10 chance. Each element in that small set has a 1/4 chance to be picked if you keep re-rolling until you get one. That would give them a 1/10 * 1/4 = 1/40 chance when you want all symbols to have a 1/94 chance. You want 9 to come up 4/94 times so that 1 of the 4 comes up 1/94 times. The way to do that is to re-roll both so that each number always has the same chance of coming up. 
@_date: 2013-03-02 07:39:26
There is a major difference. Someone running a ponzi cannot force you to contribute once you figure out its a scam. This limits how many people can be hurt by a ponzi when it goes bust to only those who were defrauded. A ponzi transitions from paying out initial investors to defrauding new investors to bust, where as SS transitions from unsustainable payouts to fraud to outright theft. 
@_date: 2013-11-23 20:42:58
one that gets your face all over the news when you use it...
@_date: 2013-11-09 06:28:49
@_date: 2013-11-24 07:12:08
If you made it bigger could you have a cavity with the encrypted private key printed in it?
@_date: 2013-07-06 21:34:06
That depends. We are mining asteroids right now here on earth since thats how the gold we can get at was deposited after the earth cooled. The concentrations of gold in primary deposits form asteroids are not that great since the gold is mixed in with other metals, you are talking tons of copper nickel and iron to get grams or less of gold. Geological processes can concentrate that into veins but its unlikely that veins of gold would form in asteroids that are not undergoing plate tectonics. What really needs to be found is an asteroid that is large enough to have had a molten core for an extended period of time and with a long cooling period so that the metals are separated out into bands around the core and to make that accessible it would have to have been cracked open after that to expose the pure bands of gold silver platinum etc If one of those where found then it would be game over for precious metals as money but I can only imagine how well the technology sector would do with such cheap inputs. Whether or not planetary resource or some other company will be able to find an asteroid like that I don't know. There may not be any or they may all still be solid making mining them hard (km of solid rock hard). If thats the case then asteroid mining should not be too disruptive until well into the future especially since the demand for these metals is also growing. 
@_date: 2013-05-02 07:30:30


I'm an anarchist and even I wouldn't say that because its not true. Anyone can use bitcoin regardless of whether they are peaceful or support a state. 
@_date: 2013-05-19 02:53:47
Most people who call themselves a libertarians support a state. They would give that state a monopoly police, military, courts and a few other things that they consider to be minimal but to an anarchist these things result in no liberty at all.
@_date: 2013-09-04 07:52:43
Set up a webcam betting site and have the punters pay for random peoples games...
@_date: 2013-04-21 02:46:12


google glass...
@_date: 2013-11-22 20:58:25
Sell directly to people willing to buy in chunks large enough to get the deal done in a reasonable amount of time at a fixed price off of the exchanges. 
@_date: 2013-07-06 12:14:11
In this poddcast Stef talks about how gold has failed in the past. All of your criticisms of me apply to him since he makes the same points that I have made. Gold does not need to be sabotaged in order to fall out of use as a currency. The price revolution is an example, the Mayans are another example of a culture where there was no state currency yet people chose something other than gold when gold was free to be chosen as money. I can give more examples but it is a little funny to be educating someone who pretends to know so much when a single example of gold not being used as a currency when it could be is enough. You continue to deny the past. That is the point I have demonstrated yet you will not listen to.


you obviously didn't comprehend it. telling you listened to it first is irrelevant and unknown by you


Again using the word sophistry makes you a hypocrite. Do you deny basing your understanding of the universe on incomplete knowledge? 
A million years is an over the top estimation. I believe that precious metals will loose any usefulness in direct exchange much sooner than that. The point was that eventually (so long as we are not wiped out) we will be able to harness the energy available in the environment to make any commodity available in the way we have done with aluminium and copper which where bth precious metals at one point. This is something any precious metals investor would be insane not to look out for. Pretending that gold and silver are not in a many generational bear market as a result of technological improvement and not extrapolating forward to the point where it becomes ridiculous to call a commodity precious or use it as a currency is quite frankly dumb. I don't like to see people giving bad investment advice based on faulty economic understanding. 
The reality is that gold is not used as a currency and you admit this yourself by blaming that on state intervention. That is still a failure relative to other mediums of exchange like bitcoin and money substitutes. Its like saying this crop that is not resistant to parasites is not failing because its the parasites eating it. Money is not a person its a tool. if it doesn't do the job then cast it aside for a better tool. You have said in the past that fiat is bad because it enables the growth of the state, well so does gold. Gold is intrinsically controllable by states. I can't think of a period of history where the production of gold as money wasn't as controlled by governments as fiat dollars are today. You can kind of tell by the kings head stamped on the coin and the fact its called a gold "standard" that standard being regulated by the state. I could just as well say that sea shells and beads would be the free market currency if it wasn't for the governments demanding taxes be paid in gold: A currency they have favored and horded throughout the ages. 
If you had a case that one currency would succeed for all eternity then you would have made the case for the free market not being able to improve on itself to the point of making existing institutions obsolete. Do you deny the creative destruction brought about by entrepreneurial endeavors?  


This leads me to believe you don't know what free banking is. 


where the fuck is your standard for proof? it doesn't seem to be logic which you dismiss as solphism and it doesn't seem to be evidence which you don't even seem to see or understand even when your own behavior is a demonstration.
Good luck with the gold as a currency when you don't choose to use it as money yourself. 


That statement is false. Respect needs to be earned. 
@_date: 2013-11-08 11:50:46
Maybe insert the code into a high traffic website and have it pay out to the lucky visitor whose browser decodes it.  
@_date: 2013-11-15 22:22:05
looks more like a litecoin mining motherboard
@_date: 2013-04-26 22:06:47
do what the bully says and he will leave you alone... yeah right
@_date: 2013-05-25 00:44:21
There is a hard limit to the number of transactions. A graph of the blockchain is linear. Its equal to the number of blocks times the size of the blocks. The number of people wanting to do transactions is not but that will be reflected in the transaction fees not the blockchain size (unless it is increased). 
@_date: 2013-11-16 06:05:04
You could use  
@_date: 2013-10-19 23:20:32
That is irrelevant to the definition of market-cap which is the number of units of an asset times by the current market price of each unit. 
@_date: 2013-04-07 10:11:00
Its unnecessary for any satisfaction to take place. That male praying mantis could feel any amount of fear and anxiety so long as it remains paralyzed by its genetic make up. It would be the same as if a parasite had taken control of a person and made them do something in favor of the parasite in expense of the person except that the parasite is what built the individual (as a sack of water and protein to carry it around) in the case of a human it built a machine that was also capable of experiencing. It means that there is real conflict between an individual and their genes and while in most cases its win win some cases one or the other benefits at the loss of the other. If you had a brain slug making you feel happy every time you ate its favorite food would that be self interest if without the brain slug you would not make that choice? Could it really be called self interest if you are being forced? if your will is being terminated? I'm not sure that the term self interest is useful if it is defined to apply to every action.
@_date: 2013-11-06 06:09:08
I bet you say that to all the ladies.
@_date: 2013-02-22 11:40:18
I hope you are right. 
@_date: 2013-11-04 07:13:47
Let me guess: your country has lots of natural resources and  spends less than 15% of the tax on military spending. Bahrain is also a resource rich country with a high standard of living. Does that mean we should all be supporting a theocratic monarchy? 
@_date: 2013-12-08 09:23:51
nope, not all of them. but whats your advice for someone who has been sexually abused by a family member? 
@_date: 2013-12-06 10:37:27
You mean currency supply right? Bitcoin will probably be Money:the most widely used medium of exchange for a given economy but its not there yet. 
@_date: 2013-02-20 04:03:36
lol +tip $0.50 verify
@_date: 2013-04-21 10:06:19
I would want some sort of weighting of karma based on a form of [Collaborative filtering]( so that positive karma from people I agree with have more weight and people who I consistently disagree with would have less or negative weighting. I think it would work fine with pseudo-anonymity like ebay you just wouldn't trust people with little to no rating as much until they prove it and have a valuable rating to loose.   
@_date: 2013-01-16 10:04:12
+tip $1
@_date: 2013-12-05 04:49:35
[Richard Dawkins invented the word meme.](
@_date: 2013-05-28 09:02:45
Quoting a *Keynesian* economist does not support your claim that *Hayek* would see bitcoin as "just another fiat currency". Hayek was a supporter of "free banking" which includes fractional reserve banking without state control/regulation. He had no problem with private individuals issuing their own notes with any amount of backing so long as it was free of force or fraud. I'm sure he would be fine with bitcoin as it is a currency which people are free to choose or not choose. He would also consider the statement "devoid of any true value" as wrong headed thinking since the very foundation of Austrian economics is the observation that value is subjective (ie that it is in the mind of people not in the object itself) or in other words that there is no such thing as "intrinsic value".
@_date: 2013-10-18 06:26:03
They would probably see it as breeding: ooooooooohhhhhh yeah moar!!
@_date: 2013-12-06 10:05:00
Good for him. I hope he is the worlds first trillionair.
@_date: 2013-11-10 07:29:54
and taxes
@_date: 2013-03-01 01:24:50
Interesting, but they provide no explanation to back up their assertion and talking about it in terms of countries is absurd: when it comes to network architecture there is no such thing as a country. A computer operating a tor node in a totalitarian state would suffice to get people connected so long as that computer is able act as a bitcoin relay across the tor network or allow people to connect to one. none of the parts of a bitcoin network need to be operating outside of tor to work. I could be wrong but I will tip a couple of dollars to the person who explains in clear terms why a fundamental part of bitcoin is incompatible with tor. 
@_date: 2013-04-08 04:59:22
A very nice one in Budapest. 
@_date: 2013-01-25 07:57:48
The same thing happens on the silver forums or on any stock forum. 
@_date: 2013-11-26 08:29:31
To be fair the backing of a gold backed currency is more then just a preference for exchange at a particular price which is the backing I'm talking about. A gold backed currency would be legally or contractually pegged to an amount of commodity which we like to imagine is a somewhat more binding backing. 
@_date: 2013-11-03 10:32:48
The US dollar also used to be a weight in silver and because the dollar and the pound where both fixed to silver, the exchange rate between them was also fixed.
@_date: 2013-11-10 16:38:04
May you live in interesting times.
@_date: 2013-02-09 05:02:53
What if the new protocol accepts the old blockchain but has its own new blockchain for higher volume transactions. To get coins on the new blockchain you would use [proof of burn]( so that there is always at least one use for the old blockchain coins (to get the new ones).
Progressive users could accept both oldcoin and newcoin but people not confident with newcoin would use an exchange service to accept oldcoin from newcoin users. 
@_date: 2013-11-02 21:42:30


There are clear leaders in the altcoin market and they do distinguish themselves with protocol differences: 
- Litecoin uses script as its proof of work which is resistant to the creation of ASICs and it has faster confirmation times (although you will need more for the same security). 
- Peercoin has Proof of stake which means an attacker would have to buy and hold the currency in order to attack it
- Namecoin is an attempt at a distributed ledger for domain names
- Primecoin's proof of work finds prime numbers and has broken a world record for that. Its also turned out to be resistant to GPU mining due to the several conflicting steps in the proof of work. 
- Novacoin... ok so you have your first clone coin but it is at least a merger of 2 different protocols: Script and proof of stake
- Feathercoin no real innovation here either just a twerking of some of the values
I find it interesting that the first 4 altcoins by market cap are all as different to each other as they are to bitcoin. I think anyone thinking about creating their own alt currency should keep that in mind. If its no different to something that already exists then why should I support it when I get more security and more infrastructure from an already established payment network. 
@_date: 2013-12-24 21:12:51
[Reddit Enhancement Suite]( 
has an ignore button
@_date: 2013-07-05 22:30:17
Even gold will eventually fail as a store of wealth. In a million years from now I'm sure we will have improved our understanding of nuclear physics to the point where transforming one element into another is as easy as doing chemistry today. 
@_date: 2013-03-10 02:25:30
Shiny 
+tip $1 verify
@_date: 2013-07-06 00:38:17
Well, its worth is different to everyone but when there is an exchange you at least know that to the person selling its worth less than the money and to the person buying its worth more than the money in that given instance of time and with all else being equal. Given enough exchange you can come to an estimation of the worth of something to many people. We call that the market price.
You don't have to exchange something to know that you value it or to make an estimation but it wouldn't be very objective. That's ok too. Some things are priceless. 
@_date: 2013-10-27 02:46:15
I think there was a duck involved as well... and a huge bucket. 
@_date: 2013-05-24 08:52:30
looks pretty damn linear to me. Its certainly not exponential.
@_date: 2013-04-01 09:17:56
+tip flip
@_date: 2013-11-10 07:49:31
The concept of intrinsic value seems rather ridiculous to me. The usefulness of an object is not its value. There is no value in an object itself only physical properties and the way in which we value physical properties is no different than the way we value the protocol properties of bitcoin. Value is subjective. 
In fact bitcoins properties are more timeless than the properties that are valued in a monetary metal. It is more divisible, it is more fungible, it is more scares, it has a more predictable supply, it is more transportable more secure, it can even be encrypted and backed which is something you cant do with precious metals. You may not value any of these things just like anyone may not value any particular attribute of precious metals but the way in which we value the things we do is the same its a matter of personal judgement.
Intrinsic value is just a way of asserting that subjective evaluation as being somehow objective: its delusional.
@_date: 2013-04-20 13:37:01
@_date: 2013-05-05 02:06:46
How do you know he is isn't just going to produce more? 
@_date: 2013-11-28 10:11:15
You are projecting the term "funds" onto bitcoin. You are also projecting a physical location onto them. I personally transfer my bitcoins to Singapore as soon as I buy them. Any capital gains they accrue are taxable under that jurisdiction at the cost of registering a foreign corporation. This is not illegal, if it where then half of your beloved politicians are tax evaders. The key is to use the tax loopholes they create for their own tax avoidance.
@_date: 2013-06-30 18:40:23
Every investment managed by someone else is a promise. Promising high returns, promising consistent returns, not having a clear explanation of how the money is made, not having independent auditors, not having publicly known and tested auditors. Guaranteeing even a small return over a large period of time (not possible due to exponential growth) these are all signs of a ponzi scheme. Thats the reason that on any stock market there are companies with high dividend yields and low stock prices:  those companies tend to evaporate in a little while because they are operating on return *of* capital not return *on* capital. Some of them may be legit but until they can explain to their shareholders wtf they are doing, owning them is closer to gambling than investment.
@_date: 2013-11-09 06:27:11
checking that on wiki I found this:


@_date: 2013-03-27 18:02:30
Its just as much for the slaves themselves so that they can rationalize giving up all of their personal responsibility / self determination to these people. 
@_date: 2013-03-15 09:00:12
+tip $1 verify
 :)
@_date: 2013-03-03 03:06:14
Miners process all the transactions on the bitcoin network. They do this by putting all the transactions and relevant information into a block which is like a page of a ledger. They digitally sign that and tell the network in the hope that it will be accepted. The digital signature or hash is what is used to determine if a block is accepted by the network. The hash has to fall below a certain value which is adjusted by the network so that the average number of blocks accepted matches the desired rate of inflation. Miners generate many hashes[*]( so that they have more chances to be accepted. The more miners doing this the harder it gets to be the one that wins and as a result the security of the network is also increased. Miners will not put infinite amounts of resources into hashing though since it costs money to buy and run the machines. The amount of hashing done is dependent on the value of the fees and block reward. If bitcoin goes up in value 100 times then it becomes far more profitable to secure it so more people will mine, if it drops to $0.1 then people will abandon mining until the difficulty becomes so low that those left mining can do it profitably again. 
If miners were not in this competition to "solve" a block there isn't as far as I know a good way for the network to decide which miner gets to be the one that writes the history. Without some proof of work the network is open to attack from "fake" miners with false histories wanting to reverse transactions or parties wanting to block all transactions by sending out blocks that are empty or full of transactions from themselves. Proof of work creates a real financial cost to these forms attack which is hopefully much higher than what its worth to someone wanting to profit from an attack the bitcoin network. 
@_date: 2013-08-20 06:43:01
I didn't miss the point. I think the point is insane. Just because a tribe does things does not mean that others have to contribute to the tribe. People who do not contribute to the tribe then become outcasts. They then produce for themselves what they need or join up with others who don't want to be in the tribe. They don't have access to the communal resources. No force is needed. Tribes don't tax! They exclude. The point was not analogous. The only member of a tribe that is leeching but not contributing would be members of the tribe that commit fraud or use force to control the tribe. Tribal leaders who instead of becoming tribal leaders due to their superior knowledge become so because of a threat of force: politicians. 
@_date: 2013-07-06 10:45:41
@_date: 2013-05-05 05:25:23
To simply pay taxes is a childish and unintelligent way of dealing with the problem. It is short-sighted, foolhardy, and ultimately does not solve any issues.


you don't pay taxes to society. You pay them to governments. Governments are not society. They are a small group of people that act as a parasite on the rest of society. Furthermore you can't actually take anything up with society since society is an abstract concept that has no direct representation. The government claims to act on behalf of society but thats as tenuous as the pope claiming he acts on behalf of god. 


where did I say put your head under the sand. That seems to be what you are doing by pretending that government solves problems.


you don't whip out a gun and force others to "solve" the problem for you. You take personal responsibility for fixing the problem. Its far more effective that way than relying on politicians. 


You are proposing fobbing off of problems to a ruling class and walking away expecting them to give a damn about fixing things when their entire operation relies on those problems not being fixed. How is invoicing government dealing with things in person? 
@_date: 2013-04-08 04:58:36
Make sure you are posting on reddit through tor for a start
@_date: 2013-01-16 08:28:06
@_date: 2013-07-15 19:02:52
@_date: 2013-05-19 02:37:43


Austrian economics is supposed to be value free as it simply describes the properties of things and the economic behavior associated. What people value is up to the individual. If someone is saying that Austrian economics supports X then they are doing Austrian economics wrong. Unfortunately most people can't separate their own preferences from their economic analysis. 
@_date: 2013-11-23 05:20:16
@_date: 2013-03-15 20:57:27
[You can buy real things]( but a dollars worth is not going to get you much. I suggest using these to get more familiar. Right now they are held by the tipbot which is like having them in a bank so you have to trust the tipbot to make good on that. If you transfer them to your own wallet then no body can touch them so long as you follow some basic internet security. I recommend first using a light weight wallet client such as electrum since it does not need to download the blockchain to know if you have bitcoins in your account (it uses remote servers to get the balance but they cannot get your private keys) or if you really want to keep that dollars worth of bitcoins secure for long term storage, make a brain wallet with a really hard passphrase that you will remember (or print it out and put it somewhere safe) by using  making sure to generate the address on a secure computer disconnected from the net for extra paranoia. Then when you want to spend just import the private key and address into a client and its ready to spend. Although I trust the bot enough to use it as an online wallet for tipping and buying small things from bitmit. 
I have a few thousand dollars worth stashed in a brain wallet which means no one can steal that from me and I can take it wherever I want and so long as I have net access I could convert it to cash. Most of the value is due to the rise in price of bitcoin and a lot of people just use it to speculate that way but for me the real benefits will come when more people start really spending it because it makes international trade so much easier when you have a currency that just doesn't give a damn about national borders.
@_date: 2013-11-06 10:49:40
Your right, its the material that is used to represent the information that I claim ownership over not the information itself. Although I don't see ownership as a relationship between me and the stuff but between me and every other individual in association with the stuff and that could in theory apply to information as well. 
@_date: 2013-03-08 06:54:01
+tip flip
@_date: 2013-01-30 04:38:17
As much as I agree, reason magazine does have a libertarian bias so this is somewhat of a circle jerk.
@_date: 2013-11-26 08:58:48
I totally agree, I just wanted to point out that out of the many arguments Shiff made against bitcoin that equally apply to gold. 
Its funny because it takes someone like Stef to make Schiff look like he supports too much government (which he does but he is usually not debating an anarchist so is usually the one supporting less not more government control)
@_date: 2013-11-11 05:46:57
Looks delicious. Do they deliver to Australia? 
@_date: 2013-01-13 22:31:09
And what is the growth of the bitcoin supply relative to the growth of the bitcoin economy? 
@_date: 2013-11-01 10:47:21
If I was satoshi I would wait until the bitcoin becomes a significant percentage of the worlds money supply / marketcap then I wouldn't cash out into cash but into income producing assets. I would be buying a large chunk of Google (or whatever company shows the most long term promise, maybe I'd buy an island as well) not USDs since at that point anything I can get for USDs I'd be able to get with the bitcoin. But then once you have islands and multi-billion dollar companies being bought and sold for bitcoin there will be people willing to hold the bitcoin in order to buy those things. It seems rather irrational to think that it will be worth so much yet no one would be willing to hold an influx of old BTCs. 
@_date: 2013-04-13 13:51:51


litecoin was designed so that bitcoin ASICs could not mine it and so that it would be expensive to create custom chips due to the memory needed. If its difficult to create custom chips then they argue that it will be more costly for the hashing power of the network to be concentrated in a small group of people.
@_date: 2013-10-18 21:49:08
He is lobbying CEOs not politicians. 
@_date: 2013-02-09 08:13:07
Wanting to tax people is just as selfish as wanting to be able to choose for yourself what you support. In fact because your not advocating that other people pay for what you want it could be seen as far less selfish especially since to get things done without taxation you have to communicate with and persuade others to trade and otherwise engage in voluntary relationships (or let them go their own way). 
I don't know how you see the draining of everyone's wealth into the control of a centralized monopoly on violence called government is in any way fair or anything like sharing. 
@_date: 2013-08-31 23:41:33
Their BTC is just as good.
@_date: 2013-03-26 07:34:27
Instead of trying to get the other side to come around why not let the goldbugs use gold and the bitcoiners use bitcoin and develop some sort of way of trading one for the other so that people can use both easier? I'm sure getting the goldmoney guys on board would be a pretty beneficial to both the gold market and the bitcoin one. Maybe bitpay could offer them their services...
@_date: 2013-11-28 09:06:52
You are practicing law without a licence.
@_date: 2013-12-25 05:12:17
Are you sure litecoin takes script from Novacoin?
I thought Novacoin is a fork of Peercoin (PPCoin) with script taken from litecoin where as litecoin copies from tenebrix.
@_date: 2013-09-07 00:38:58
@_date: 2013-10-12 04:14:25
+$50 ppc 
@_date: 2013-03-28 09:50:43
nationalization of ASIC manufacturer 
@_date: 2013-02-01 06:18:10
[this is the best analysis of bitcoin from an Austrian perspective in my opinion]( 
@_date: 2013-04-11 07:36:01
still waiting for it to be open sourced. 
@_date: 2013-07-06 01:10:58
So I take it you consider Austrian economics to be sophism since it is founded on unprovable assertions? 
I am not making the claim that his statement is true since I don't know if its true or not. But I do put an extremely high probability on it being true and that is what I have said. You are the one making absolute statements: "The statement is false" the burden of proof is on both you and Zebulon_Pike. I am not defending his logic just because I disagree with yours. 
This is why I asked you to point out the error since I wanted to give you the opportunity to simply point out that he made an unprovable statement and that that was the logical error. 
Instead you chose to be confrontational. 
@_date: 2013-05-28 09:08:26
Its interesting to note that by the definition used by Hayek the gold standard is actually more of a fiat currency than bitcoin. You can tell by the word "standard" as in *government* standard weights and measures. I'm sure you are aware that the dollar was once a measure of weight and not a unit of currency. Trading in gold is free market but the gold standard is actually the government's foot in the door saying "let me weigh that for you"
@_date: 2013-12-20 21:14:46
Most libertarians are that way because they are long term thinkers who have empathy, just over longer time frames. They would let you suffer in the short term if it means you are better off in the long term. But sure they don't really have empathy for self-destructive behavior. 
@_date: 2013-08-20 07:30:52
I don't think taxes bring no benefits. but I do see the positives as less than the negatives and the positives can be achieved without taxation so as a net it is negative. Good people are going to support social programs whether there is taxation or not (Americans especially have a deep history of mutual aid societies) but with taxation those good people are forced to pay for things like war and an increasing police state along with the things they would pay for anyway. Every time I get my pay check I note down how much of it is spend on blowing up brown people I have never met and keeping their children from food and medical aid (trade sanctions) and how much is used to prop up dictatorships (foreign aid) and how much is used to keep poor people out of jobs (minimum wage laws and regulation in general) Its not black and white of course but taxation is an unnecessary mixing of the two and the act of taxation itself is pure coercion if it wasn't then it would be charity or a payment for services but it is money given under a threat of force from a state so it needs a euphemism "taxation" to be palatable to good people. Without taxation those institution that claim to provide vital services would still be doing it but they wouldn't be able to be abusive about it because you would be able to switch providers and they would loose their power and the corrupting influence it creates. Honestly why would you want the same people who look after roads to be the same people who direct the killing of strangers?  or the hunting down and caging of peaceful drug users? If you are going to get high and mighty about the benefits of taxation then you are going to have to weigh it against demoside and war and the crippling of the human will that goes along with being controlled by strangers. 
@_date: 2013-11-11 08:51:14
'Multiple exclamation marks,' he went on, shaking his head, 'are a sure sign of a diseased mind.' 
@_date: 2013-11-28 09:22:32
Please enlighten us on the difference between tax avoidance and tax evasion. You claim that what OP is doing is tax evasion but without knowing the specifics of their situation I see know way you could possibly know that. You are practicing talking out of your ass. 
@_date: 2013-11-15 21:01:27
Why would the Chinese accept american blackists?
@_date: 2013-11-04 06:26:38
The difference between the mob and the IRS is that your friends and neighbors wont turn you into the mob thinking they are serving society. 
@_date: 2013-12-24 03:57:46
A vending machine I use spits out 2 packets of chips every now and again. Chips are definitely not secure! 
@_date: 2013-10-23 06:23:37
[solo mining](
@_date: 2013-11-29 06:23:54
I think your being a little to pessimistic about the value of a contractually constructed commodity based currency. Sure it would fail in time but for a period of time it would be in the interest of the issuer to sell what they are offering and allow for it to be openly audited. They just have to see the future earnings of the fund as more valuable than the profit from committing fraud and losing business as a result. The benefits of having a digital currency with the price/value fluctuation features of an underlying asset class for a period of time could outweigh the risk to an investor who might use it as a hedge or speculation. Everything I can say about the certainty such a system has to fail could equally apply to the stock market yet I still consider both to be a good option to have. Its when people are *forced* to use these assets through legal tender law or compulsory retirement savings or government "investment" where things get bad rather quickly since it takes away the economic reason to provide value: fear of losing future business. 
@_date: 2013-05-28 19:06:33
It wasn't fiat originally it wasn't even a monopoly at first because anyone could mint coins and have it called a dollar but over time it became more standard until you need a licence to mint a coin and call it a dollar. Its at that point where the value starts to become fiat since the state is only going to accept dollars and dollars are only made by state licensed mints. They where not dictating the value directly (they don't even do that now) but a fraction of the reason people valued a silver dollar became because they could pay taxes with it vs a bullion round that was not produced by an "authorized" mint that was not covered by legal tender laws.
@_date: 2013-09-30 07:24:46
Bitcoin is a protocol and an implementation of that protocol. A protocol is a set of rules. Bitcoins (also called XBC or BTC) are currency units that the implementation creates by representing them as transactions in a distributed ledger. Bitcoins only exist as that representation and as a concept in the minds people.


Like a bank balance they are an accounting entry: just a value that is expressed in a ledger. Unlike a bank balance there is no single person or institution that determines what that balance is but instead the number of currency units in each account is determined by the consensus of the entire bitcoin network which uses various methods to keep everything within strictly defined rules (the protocol). Those rules are or result in the properties of the currency and can be verified by studying or getting someone to study the open source implementation to see if it really does what is advertised. 
TL;DR: Bitcoins are digital currency units of the bitcoin network which is an implementation of the bitcoin protocol.
EDIT: Bitcoin is not yet money BTW. Its a currency sure, it can be money but in order for it to be money it must be the most widely used currency for a given economy. You can't say that about bitcoin just yet.
@_date: 2013-07-01 06:55:18
We asymptotically await the arrival of its release. 
@_date: 2013-10-29 08:56:26
Sounds more like a hemorrhoid cream.
@_date: 2013-12-23 06:05:43
@_date: 2013-02-27 05:24:10
You are picking a fight with the wrong crowd. Goldbugs make far better allies than enemies. Don't let a bunch of trolls who are not secure in their attachment to bullion investing be your stereotype for what a precious metal investor is. 
@_date: 2013-04-08 08:59:29
I don't know what happened here. I meant to reply to the comment above yours. I agree with your points. 
@_date: 2013-10-25 06:54:15
I have started using CoinJar to buy bitcoins. You can just cash deposite into an NAB branch. The last time I did it the teller said they get a few people sending them money (Beaumont street branch Newcastle) I really didn't expect that there would be that many bitcoiners here in Newcastle.
The only bricks and mortar business I know of in AU is that pub down in Sydney... early days yet. 
@_date: 2013-01-06 18:06:07
In a few years if things keep going as they are the hardware will be there.
[this might interest you](
@_date: 2013-05-10 09:09:18
Then that alternate subreddit will become more popular
@_date: 2013-05-06 08:10:08
That sounds awfully deflationary. How divisible is it? also has he pre-mined any significant amount? 
@_date: 2013-11-04 06:12:00
The money was coined by Caesar. Give him his money and use something else for exchange...
@_date: 2013-11-04 08:28:13
I'm aware of the cronyism. Thats not an argument for state involvement since it enabled them to take peoples land. Supporting the state doing the same: how is that better? where the state was not involved they had to pay for the land and actually compete.
@_date: 2013-05-31 05:39:09
So he is a bad communicator. Its Friday and people seem to be getting them: 
@_date: 2013-11-03 09:50:52
Thank you. 
@_date: 2013-12-04 17:50:46
A troll could be someone who does rent seeking behavior like living under a bridge they don't own and asking everyone to pay a fee to cross. This meaning is older than the internet. Attempting to own commonly used words seems pretty troll like to me.
@_date: 2013-11-10 18:05:05


That does not make the desire to use an object objective. and without a subjective value at the root of an action there is no objective value in the action itself.
@_date: 2013-11-26 09:05:46
Yep I totally agree. Thats why I said "like to imagine" the moral hazard of trusting an individual or institution to maintain a currency peg is too damn high! As well intentioned the people at goldmoney.com *are* I would expect even without the government crippling their ability to do business they would eventually fall to the temptation to sell off or lend out a bit of gold here or there... 
One day the problem of tying a physical object to a digital contract might be solved but I don't see how. Maybe the venus project people will come up with something ;)
@_date: 2013-08-21 10:55:47
I'm not sure if this example is specifically implementable with the protocol the way it currently exists but its the way I would do it. To see what is possible I would start with bitcoin [contracts]( and [this thread]( a key search term being multisig.
@_date: 2013-12-08 05:50:04
Yes because telling people they are able (not that they should just that they are able) to leave family members who sexually, physically or verbally abuse them is horrible cultist advice... 
@_date: 2013-10-26 20:48:03
There is a subreddit for you guys:
@_date: 2013-06-03 08:03:41
While there are Australian eyes here, anyone know the status of Technocash Ltd? I am referring to this:
How are you getting your AUD exchanged for BTC?
@_date: 2013-10-04 22:46:03
@_date: 2013-02-22 11:55:02
cryptography! fungibility! divisibility! recognizability! scarcity! 
*by your powers combined... I am captain bitcoin!*
@_date: 2013-09-21 01:06:00
sólo tiene que utilizar el traductor de google para leer lo que dicen
@_date: 2013-04-28 02:29:51
Keiser is a crony capitalist
@_date: 2013-01-19 10:15:45
+tip FLIP
@_date: 2013-11-19 08:25:47
I said that at $15 when it crashed from $30 down to $2.5
@_date: 2013-01-22 07:43:24
[he got some funds released](
@_date: 2013-07-05 22:24:36
That depends. During war time there is a good possibility that national currencies will be inflated to pay for war efforts. If thats the biggest fear than people would likely want to hold "stuff" rather than the national currency but "stuff" that can be used as money is needed to store and exchange wealth so gold silver etc could spike up in price as people loose faith in the fiat but still need something as money. If the war is prolonged though or the government is particularly interested in nationalizing industry to redirect it towards war then yeah all the types of money would loose value including gold because there wouldn't be much you could buy with the gold. Its at that point you might want to take your gold and get to some place free from war. 
@_date: 2013-03-08 04:08:44
+tip $1 verify
@_date: 2013-11-12 07:20:31
Current holders would love to see someone try that. You cant buy my coins until the price goes high enough then at that point when half the currency is held by someone who has over paid for it... let them attack themselves while we bask in the glory of the riches they spend to buy the coins from us. 
@_date: 2013-02-12 05:13:15
+tip flip
@_date: 2013-02-12 05:24:53
[done]( I'll let you know if he rejects it. 
@_date: 2013-01-24 09:40:01


I think its fine even if its done irresponsibly so long as the users of the IOUs are not forced to use them like they are with state backed FRNs. I personally don't care about inflation or deflationary spirals in currencies I do not use but when I am forced to pay taxes in them and so measure my wealth in them and so subsidise any bailout with inflation or taxation then its a different matter.
@_date: 2013-10-11 20:47:46
Force is still needed to establish the monopoly on money and to enforce it. Legal tender law and other forms of taxation create a demand for the monopoly money above what there would be if people where free to choose which is how inflation tax can persist without destroying the currency. Even if a superior currency exists so long as there is legal tender law and it is enforced there will be a demand for fiat. 
@_date: 2013-07-06 03:02:03
My statement is that gold is likely to fail as a currency and in some respects already has. I have provided reasoning: 
- its no longer used as a unit of account
- it no longer solves the double coincidence of wants
- its not used as a medium of exchange
These statements are true for the vast majority of people even among the most enthusiastic gold supporters. 
Hell, a year ago [you where calling yourself]( unlucky because you bought gold and it dropped by $50, this is what I mean when I say it is not being used as a unit of account. Even you think of gold priced in fiat. That doesn't stop it from being a currency but it does push it more into the area of fail in that regard! I have some coins from defunct governments. They still exist but I wouldn't say they are successful as a currency just because they are still around and still have value since the value results from something other than their use as a currency. The same is true of gold. 
If this line of reasoning is Sophistry then what isn't? By what standard do you call a currency successful and by what standard do you say it has failed? For me losing 80% of its value is a fail (a recoverable one but still a fail) and gold has done that! this is why I mentioned the 17th century. I provide evidence along with my reasoning and you dismiss it. like the socialist who believes his state cannot fail because its still here. I can't disprove you when you refuse to look at the evidence or even see it as evidence. This sophistry is yours. 


when talking hypothetical everything is sophostry. You are being a hypocrite everytime you use that word. I try to point that out knowng you are consider Austrian Economics to be correct but it seems that you don't get the hint. 
@_date: 2013-09-21 02:40:43
After looking up the definition, I think your right. I'll have to stop thinking of legitimate things as good/honest since by that definition slavery and ethnic cleansing are legitimate business practices when they are (and they usually are) subsidized and protected by law. 
@_date: 2013-10-19 23:34:01
He is the very model of a modern crony capitalist. He understands very well how the game is rigged and instead of wanting the thing dissolved he wants the game to be rigged in his favor. He owns over a million dollars in bitcoin and god knows how much in gold and yeah he gets paid to propagandize the assets he holds to governments. I hold both gold and bitcoins myself but I would never go so far as to support legal tender laws forcing people to own these directly or indirectly. Max has no problem with the idea of bitcoin or gold being forced on people. As much as I would personally profit from that I still consider it wrong because I want people to be able to use whatever they want to choose even if I could profit from laws forcing them to use what I already have. 
@_date: 2013-10-26 04:40:56
Do you believe its not killing when a government does it?
@_date: 2013-11-03 05:58:20
I'm not a litecoin speculator so I don't keep track of these things. Do you have links to these supposed litecoin ASIC developers? 
@_date: 2013-03-26 08:35:54
Where have all the fans gone?
@_date: 2013-10-05 01:50:31
~~I just found the site. I think it might be wrong.~~
21chicken says its 24 hour volume. that looks right.
says LTC should be 5 times what PPC is right now
@_date: 2013-04-30 10:41:27
you don't understand it man, this is a new paradigm! 
@_date: 2013-06-12 12:21:55
There is no such thing as intrinsic value.
@_date: 2013-03-01 00:43:36


Could you provide a quote from the wiki where they say that bitcoin could not be used over tor completely? Are they talking about bitcoin the protocol or the currently implemented client? 
What was said in the video seems like a fundamental misunderstanding about how bitcoin works: In order for a payment to be made the miners need to know who the payment is going to but that information is contained in the message they receive that contains the transaction information. The shape of the bitcoin network itself: how the messages are being relayed is irrelevant to the bitcoin protocol. 
@_date: 2013-08-20 05:57:04


so like a politician? 
@_date: 2013-11-27 10:55:27
I think you failed to percent your case correctly
@_date: 2013-03-23 03:51:36
until people figure that out and write bots that are targeted for your strategy. 
@_date: 2013-09-08 10:51:14
politician scribbles 
@_date: 2013-01-15 07:04:20
If ripple takes off its in my opinion going to do this because highly trusted businesses start using it and extending credit to their customers (especially if they have deposits or a record of settling their payments) The customers will then be able to trade between each other on credit through the common trust with their common business relationships. Sort of like how banks work now but with far less centralization and far more transparency. The result of this would be beneficial to the customers because they will be able to settle their debts with any company through the ones they are directly in relationship with and in the currency of their choosing. The benefit to the companies would be that they now would have a massive line of credit to draw on that is directly from their customers instead of through a bank.
There will still be a need to settle debts though and there will still be a need for a unit of account that does not inflate and deflate the like credit and there will still be a need for a liquid savings asset that is no one else's liability. As much as I trust the people I extend credit to, they can still die or change in nature. This is something that bitcoin and precious metals will not do. 
@_date: 2013-05-16 07:41:00
So why not convert the block header into a target protein and then have your miners folding to match it: the difficulty being how close the match is. This wouldn't be folding a useful protein but it would lead to developments in algorithms and hardware that can...
@_date: 2013-12-24 22:17:05
This happens with every asset in the same class of assets. When real estate falls you tend to see all real estate fall together even though different geographical locations might be rising or falling relative to each other.
The precious metals all rise and fall together even though you don't buy gold in order to buy silver.
I'm not saying your wrong. Its just that people have an opinion of the value of "crypto-currencies" and that is mostly going to be determined by the value of bitcoin but even in the future if another digital currency takes off or even becomes bigger than bitcoin I doubt that things would be much different in terms of prices of different altcoins rising and falling together. 
@_date: 2013-05-19 02:40:52
This is likely but its still just a technology. Isn't it interesting that a technology can achieve what no amount of arguing about how bad it is to use violence to solve problems could.
@_date: 2013-11-03 08:34:45
Why are you not posting the link then? If you claim there are ASICs for litecoin in development its up to you to verify what you say. Otherwise your word is worthless. 
@_date: 2013-03-10 03:38:06
I expect bitcoin and possibly currencies like it to become the base money supply of the internet. If bitcoin fails it will not be due to competition but because there is some fundamental flaw in it since even though it may loose ground relative to other base money like crypto currencies the total economy that is serviced by these currencies will grow so fast that bitcoin will still be growing even as another crypto currency grows faster since they are expanding into a new fronter. maybe when the market is fully saturated with crypto and you see these these currencies growing in usage at the same rate as the rest of the economy I might have to consider bitcoin loosing ground due to competition. but for now as others have stated bitcoin has a tremendous advantage being the first mover. 
That said there are other things for an up an coming crypto currency to do than act as a base money supply for the internet. The ripple protocol for example has its tentacles set on a much larger market than the base money supply. It looks to be many things at once but most importantly the monetisation of credit. This is something that right now the banks do on your behalf. They take your promises and turn them into money and in the process they skim a little of your worth off the top for themselves and a little more off the top from everyone else who holds fiat. Credit is not an evil thing in and of itself, how else could a young man full of potential turn that potential into a house that he can live in right now while he for-fills that potential and at the same time the people who gave him those resources don't loose out? What is evil about it is that it rests on a violent monopoly which enables the creation of credit to be simultaneously an act of theft (to those compelled to hold fiat by legal tender laws or to have their assets taxed based on fiat gains that result from fiat inflation). At some point there is going to be a crypto credit market and ripple seems to be the best contender for this space with everything else used by it as a means of settlement. 