@_author: jonowelser
@_date: 2017-09-07 16:04:05
If the US dollar was deflation-based we'd probably be way worse off - loans would be near impractical (imagine compound interest + increasing value of the loan principal) while the US monetary supply would constrict (due to less loaning, less money being printed to allow deflation, and those with means sitting on cash possibly indefinitely) and possibly creating a negative feedback loop. Loans and debt aren't necessarily a bad thing at all; they allow people and businesses to acquire things (and start accruing those benefits) today, and people voluntarily take loans because it's their best option.  And while saving is important for a stable economy, spending is just as important.
Bitcoin is great, but our inflation-based dollar is still very essential (and arguably the best possible monetary policy system, despite it's flaws). 
@_date: 2017-09-07 17:48:07
A deflationary system would be just as volatile and vulnerable to crashes (if not significantly more). And the poor (or anybody living hand-to-mouth) in particular would be way worse off in a deflationary system - imagine not being able to afford a housing loan (which is going to cost more because the loan principal is going to keep increasing in addition to the compound interest) in an already weaker economy. And all the while the wealthy would hoard money and create unprecedented levels of intergenerational wealth - these "old-money" families would have perpetual wealth.
@_date: 2017-09-07 17:07:00
You can account for deflation but that doesn't negate it's effect - loans are still going to be more expensive. 
@_date: 2017-09-07 17:04:49


The Feds aim for a 2% inflation rate because it's as close to 0 as they can safely aim for.... there is no possible "target inflation rate a lot lower than they have now". 
Also, the Feds/our monetary policy isn't designed to encourage individuals to save or spend, but rather keep our dollar value stable / prevent large fluctuations (which is essential for a healthy economy). 
@_date: 2017-09-07 18:28:57
Blaming income inequality on credit availability due to an inflation-based-currency is even stretching "correlation does not imply causation".
Rising income inequality can be attributed to hundreds of variables, from everything like education, national or global macro-economic conditions, changes in tech and industrial sectors, unemployment or underemployment, oil and commodity prices, domestic policy, declining unions, globalization, rising upper-incomes, etc. Our monetary policy isn't perfect, but it's pretty ridiculous to solely blame rising income inequality on it. 
@_date: 2017-09-07 18:07:08
Debt in itself really isn't a bad thing at all. It allows people and businesses to acquire things (and start accruing their benefits) today, and those net benefits are greater than not using a loan. This is the basic theory behind all loans - the increased income from a college degree is greater than the cost of the tuition loan, purchasing a house today is less expensive than saving while renting an apartment for years, and financing a car is better than not having one. Loans are completely voluntary - if they weren't mutually beneficial, billions of people wouldn't be taking them.


I'm not even going to address that lol
@_date: 2017-09-08 16:56:11
Most economists agree that small, controlled amounts of inflation is good for central currencies (or at least the best possible option), and that deflation is bad. So my understanding is that they aim for 2% inflation knowing their policy tools and data are imperfect and have a margin of error; if they are a half percent over or under 2%, they still have safe levels of inflation and everything is OK. But if they aimed for 0 and were slightly under, then we go from  inflation to deflation which would be structurally bad as well as scare the financial sector (which is bad because then markets dip as investor confidence decreases).
@_date: 2017-09-07 22:22:02
Indexed or adjustable-rate loans do not adjust the principal - they adjust the interest rate. The principal is going to keep increasing in real value throughout the loan's term in a deflationary system.
Hence, in a deflationary system, *the real cost of a loan is going to be higher* - the loan would be paid back with money that is worth more than it is now. The only way to make a deflationary loan equal in cost to an inflationary loan would be if the bank offered a negative interest rate, which will obviously never happen.
Banks offer indexed loans because they benefit the lenders in our inflationary system. They wouldn't offer terms in a deflationary system unless it similarly benefits them.
Furthermore, one glance at a balance sheet would show another reason loans would be unattractive in a deflationary system - liabilities (loans) would keep increasing in real value while assets would not only depreciate as usual but also become worth less in the future than when it was bought due to falling prices.
@_date: 2017-09-07 17:31:45
If you're talking about the US, [it's not even close to 100 years of deflation]( And the big spikes in deflation from 1800-1850 were all caused by economic depressions.  And the deflation in the century's second half is from the tech advancements of the industrial revolution causing prices to lower; deflation didn't cause economic progress - tech progress caused both the economic progress and deflation.
@_date: 2017-09-07 22:42:59
I don't think such a mechanism exists or anen-o-me is familiar with the subject. Loans have always been a big issue when assessing theoretical deflationary systems, due to increasing principal values/liabilities and decreasing asset prices/values (which is a bad combo). The only way a borrower wouldn't pay more is if the lender covered the cost of deflation... which would cannibalize the profit from their interest rates. Banks wouldn't do that, especially if the alternative is to just sit on their money and have it increase in value from deflation with zero risk.
@_date: 2017-09-07 16:55:21
While there are some economists that think a deflation-based economy may be viable, it certainly would be much less healthy than our inflation-based one. One issue is that loans would become super expensive if not impractical (imagine compound interest + increasing loan principal value), and while debt-financing has an unwarranted negative stigma it's very important for every healthy economy. 
Besides that, spending/GDP would shrink, currency values could hit negative feedback loops and would be harder to stabilize by central banks,  and wealthy people or even foreign investors could hoard money further exacerbating these issues as well as increasing wealth-inequality.
Bitcoin is great, but the USD is inflation-based because despite it's flaws it's a better monetary policy for a stable, healthy economy.
@_date: 2017-09-07 20:58:09
Huge amounts of debt aren't necessary, but access to credit and lending is. 


Literally all debt is assumed with an expected positive return. If loan recipients didn't think benefits were equal to or greater than the costs, they wouldn't take the loan. I think you're trying to make a case against reckless credit card debt, which is obviously bad, but that's kinda like saying all cars are bad because some have reckless drivers.