@_author: jonygone
@_date: 2014-03-15 20:28:07


I think the biggest reason is their lack of custumizable tips. they only have 1 way of tipping, that is one equal share of a montly amount per tip. I would like to be able to choose to tip a discreet amount and  how much or choose a bigger or smaller fraction of the monthly amount I want to tip to each site, and suggested that to them, but they replied something like "less is more" in the sense that less options is better then more options. then I understood they were probably doomed to failure as long as they have that attitude.
@_date: 2014-12-04 17:54:23
but you're wrong. people are being coerced, if they don't pay tax they pay big fines on top of the tax owed, if they don't do that either, they go to jail. if that is not coersion, IDK what is.
@_date: 2014-12-08 13:23:48
in short: it's programable money.
in medium:   and some other more technical things.
in long: do some research, the responses here give a confusing but general idea of what the whole story is. here's an example article explaining some good stuff that's on reddit now: 
@_date: 2014-12-20 18:07:43
sigh, and who owns the central banks, and the gov? the 100%, so this is only bad if you disagree with governemnt having power in the first place (AKA existing at all)
@_date: 2014-05-07 16:15:47


not quite. decentralized cryptocurrencies is a singular tech. bitcoin is just the 1st and so far most succecful coin using this tech. But I understand that due to the protocol being opensource and the [network effect]( it's probably that: if any cryptocurrency succeeds, it's at least bitcoin with the largest usage.


I'm not so sure about that; or to be more precise, I'm not so sure that the exponential curve maintains it's *rate of exponentiality*; or if it varies considerably (as bitcoin has so far like I explained before (the trend lines change over time)). you might think that the trend-lines/the-exponentiality-rate is much more steady now or will be soon then it has been so far, but you didn't specify why you think it is steady now or will be soon.
TL.DR exponential, yes; same exponential rate, I see no reason to believe so.
@_date: 2014-03-26 00:39:13
and they mentioned is as a joke.
@_date: 2014-05-28 22:17:18
he wasn't saying to buy xau/xag in the video I mentioned, and I didn't bother seeing this one about BTC, but I'd guess it's about BTC, not about why you should buy xag/xau; so IDK why you say that. what you call "the particulars" of that video was the whole basis of his argument of the so called big scam, which just doesn't hold once all the fallacies/facts are set straight. he simply got his facts(AKA to you, "particulars" ^lol) wrong, so naturally his conclusions will be wrong.
in other vids, where he did give arguments for buying xau/xag, he makes some, at least to me that don't know anything about xau/xag markets, reasonable arguments, but not nearly strong enough to convince me of anything. he basically says "past performance is indicative of future performance" which is the 1st thing traders learn not to follow, so... (yes, he does basically say that: shows a bunch of what happened in the past, and shows we're in a similar situation on the handful of regards today. but there's so much else that is different today that he doesn't mention. last time a similar in the hadful of regards situation was such a long time ago, and so much has changed since then in geopolitics, tech, especially IT, and markets, especially financial; it just seems foolish to take a handful of past occurrences decades ago (or even centuries) as indicative of probable recurrence nowadays.
only time will tell...
@_date: 2014-03-25 23:18:07


@_date: 2014-02-07 14:31:26


wtf? no financial instruments? are you suggesting that if we used BTC instead of fiat, we wouldn't use any financial instruments? US$ can also exist in paper and digital form without financial instruments. lol.


lol. that article doesn't support your argument, it supports the one about an appreciation of a medium of exchange. it summarizes in the end, correctly: 


this is presicly what new_to_coinz was saying.
*that* is the mainstream argument: in the case of it becoming a commonly recognized currency instead of fiat currencies it suffers from the deflation problem. I addressed it here:   debate me on that.
@_date: 2014-04-15 18:53:57
well, no, unless it's a one man sovereign country, which needs no government, because only one person decides what happens on that land. if a land is co-owned by more then one person, they together must decide what to do with it, what is allowed on it (surely you understand and agree so far), that is: they must *govern* it. thus government of co-owned land is inherent. that's what I tried to demonstrate with my 1st comment.
@_date: 2014-02-09 15:44:44
I've edited my last answer a few hours ago; IDK if you had read it already before, (in case you're inteserested). with regards to debate, what about phonecall, that would be simpler, I have a friend that has free calls to EU and north america; where do you live?
@_date: 2014-04-22 21:42:51






no. I repeat (*once more*):
"a gov that's elected and acoutable by and to the people respectivly. if gov behaves contrary to the people' will they elect another one or overthrow it if necessary. the gov only exists because people support it. if people didn't support it it would not exist."
the gov pass laws not by altruism, but because the politicians want to still have their jobs next term and maybe a promotion. gov jobs is not voluntary, it's a paid job, and if they do their job badly enough they are removed from office. this is basic fucking common sense, that **I again had already explained.**
seriously this is the last comment you'll get from me. learn to read what people tell you, learn what government is, learn what tragedy of the commons is.
@_date: 2014-12-05 09:51:19
doesn't seem like a good reason for that. just cause it's not easy to make people do what most people think should happen we simply give up entirely on making those things happen?
@_date: 2014-12-20 17:40:33
bad example, given no homesless person has a desktop PC, at least make it a smartphone, but even that is super rare. you should just not choose a homeless person as the receiver, given that is almost non-existent in tipping.
you should make one that is 2 people online in different continents, (image cut in half), and a semi-transperent arm physically tipping the other guy (either right through the middel of the separation, or throught (internet) cables connecting the 2 PCs.
like this somewhat: 
@_date: 2014-01-29 03:44:31
map was different just a few days ago, with USA yellow, india and russia red. and some other differences IIRC.
@_date: 2014-05-07 15:46:51


 but it's just relative. from 2 years ago till now the time range increased 4x; so in about 6 years the current time range will be as comparatively short as the one from 2 years ago is to now. besides when would you consider the time range to be big enough? and why that amount? there is no good absolute amount, it's just relative amounts; the closer to the present it is the more accurate it will be obviously.


fair point in this case; but it's still not revealing; the longer time series happen to have smaller relative price variation too IE.
here's one from bitstamp prices with various trend lines that would be taken at different times. even the later ones still diverge quite a bit, of course the closer to each other they are (as the last 3 are) the less they diverge from each other.
notice both with the green and the yellow lines you'd say the price was already too high just before it spiked up 5x and never came down back to either trend lines. the point is the trend lines have always changed from what they were; why would they remain the same? they would not, because price changes are not so simple, they are determined by a plethora of factors that change over time unpredictably.
anyway, I'm just warning you, past performance is not indicative of future performance, because price is not determined by what the price used to be, it's determined by the future changes in people/society, and that is far more complex to predict then a trend line of past prices.
@_date: 2014-02-08 18:08:06


therein lies the problem we have with apple. blockchain was only at fault of trying to get the app on istore despite it being against TOS. apple is at fault for having TOS that don't allow apps with such functionality outright.
@_date: 2014-12-21 04:17:28
wrong. what part of "94% of profits go to US treasury" did you miss? or from source:  and all banks (not just the ones " that get access to the Fed" whatever that is supposed to mean) receive the 6% dividends cause all banks are obligatory shareholders, it's a prerequisite.
just ignoring counterarguments is not an argument, let alone an effective one.
@_date: 2014-03-23 19:22:28
what example? that link describes 2, thwarted by the FBI, terrorist attacks.
@_date: 2014-04-14 04:41:08


if you want to discuss semantics at least choose something minimally ambiguous.
@_date: 2014-01-10 00:16:58
paypal still sucks for taking the state department word for granted without checking if that was indeed the case, but undrestandable; what is not understandable is why they didn't reverse the action (and AFAIK didn't return the funds), after knowing that allowing payment to wikileaks or wikileaks activities was not illegal, ending up blocking funds of a legal organization. or am I wrong in thinking these were/are not illegal?
BTW who got the funds? paypal, or US gov?
@_date: 2014-12-02 02:59:24
great point that never occured to me. the guy walking out is might also be risking something by walking out, and often only when a majority or even more walk out at the same time does it have a overall positive effect.
another thing missing is that people might be well aware of their power but perceive (either accuratly or mistakenly) that the alternitive is even worse, so better to try to improve what they have then to give up on that and try to find a better "politician" that might very well not exist. IE when I hear people complain about the government I ask, "well, why do you continue to vote for the same shit then?", they always answer, "because it's the best shit available, the other shit is even worse"
@_date: 2014-04-14 22:46:54


but how does the node knows if the transaction is invalid in double spends IE, how does it know which spend is the real one IE? or how can it know if not confirming a transaction that is legitimate as valid is factually legitimate or not?
Is it that there's a mining consensus (on both just the mining parts, and the transaction validation part) and a full-node consensus on just the... I don't even know...
 what you seem to say is that full-nodes have as much power to validate everything in the network as miners, but that is countersensical: why would we need miners in the first place, then, if full-nodes can and do do the job on their own? there must be some validation part that miners do that full-nodes can't, otherwise what's the point of miners?
@_date: 2014-03-19 04:17:15
there'd still be a spending address on him, just like cash in a wallet, so there's no improvement AFAIK, except for the confirmation time thing (robber must wait to increase probability of actually getting the coins).
unless transactions are reversible, then you could revert mugging transactions... but then that opens another can of worms... I wonder what will become...
@_date: 2014-04-15 19:00:33


I understood that, I just don't see why we need miners doing the proof of work if full-nodes can check if that work is real or not, I don't see how fullnodes can check that the work done by miners is legitimate without doing the work themselves; it seems counterintuitive; how can one check the work is all correct without doing the work yourself? but I guess they can, somehow; I guess it's too technical at this point, I'd have to learn cryptography or so.
@_date: 2014-04-22 20:33:15


... because sometimes some people have good ideas but not enough money to make it happen. because sometimes some people would benefit more then the interest rate (price of the loan) from getting money now as opposed to later.
go learn some basic... I was going to say financial fundamentals, but it's actually just common sense. because sometimes it's worth it to pay some price get something now as opposed to later.
@_date: 2014-03-25 22:37:13


basically just a fancy paper wallet, right? why bother?
@_date: 2014-12-16 14:30:59
or a huge loss for the ruble; I think that's more how the author meant it, as in the ruble is so shit that the next worse thing is bitcoin which is even shittier
@_date: 2014-12-17 17:55:05


yes, but the point is that this purpose doesn't do anything, vs a good or a service that really physically changes things, is actually used (say a car is driven, a house is lived in, a massage is received and enjoyed; whereas savings aren't used, until they are spent at which time they are not savings anymore).
another way to look at it is, IE, gold can be used in many electronic parts, when in those parts it's actually doing something of value, it's really being literally used in productive ways, it's giving *use* to the part it's in; when sitting in room they aren't doing anything, they aren't making a product more useful, they aren't creating value that is appreciated (unless someone enjoys looking at the gold, or thinking about it sitting there), only holding potential future appreciated value; storing is not doing something, it's saving to do something later, it's holding back the actual usage of it,  waiting for a change in value to occur. you can say the same about anything else, everything sitting in warehouses (books, electronics, food, fiat money, etc) aren't being used, they aren't being useful as a storage of value, they are just waiting to be used at a more propitious time.
in short: things are only used when their value is actually being appreciated, not when they hold potential appreciable value. so unless you enjoy looking at the number of bitcoin in your wallet like someone would enjoy looking at a piece of jewelery or art, or just a pile of cash like uncle scrooge; storing is not useful in the literal, usually meant, sense.
this is not to say that savings are bad; but they are a "neccessary evil" so to speak, they are a security buffer, or a reflection of a ineffeciancy/imbalance in market forces. theoretically it would be best if there was no savings, where everything is constantly used, cause that would be maximum effeciency. this is why gov focus so much on spending rather then saving, cause it's just more effecient (as long as one doesn't go unexpectedly bankrupt due to lack of funds/savings). it econ basic, that maximization of resource usage. 
@_date: 2014-04-10 23:59:29
hmm. maybe it's just for EU residents so easy. I've so far only used bitcoin.de and there I only had to provide (apart from bank details, which is just as easy as the credit card details for internet purchases) proof of bank account ownership by sending the code that was sent on a tiny transaction bitcoin.de sent to my account (but this is only because bitcoin.de is more of a escrow service; if you were buying directly with money at the exchange there would be no reason for this proof, because you'd have the money already there with them; but so far I've only used bitcoin.de so I can't say for sure about other EU based exchanges). then whenever I buy BTC I make a sepa bank tranfer (free of charge, same day) to the seller. only if you want to buy more then a IIRC 2500 euros per year must you verify your identity (which is just go to a post office with your ID, and send the paper that the PO gives you to bitcoin.de physical address)
Edit: I've seen that [kraken says on the FAQ]( "Tier 1 and 2 verification usually takes only a few minutes" tier 2 being the one you need to make bank deposits and trade with fiat. so...
Edit2: but it also says. "Pre-Verified - if you're "Pre-Verified" at a tier, then you've passed verification for this tier but your account activity is limited to a lower tier pending regulatory approval in your jurisdiction. For example, if you live in California, you may be Pre-Verified to Tier 3 but your account will be functioning at Tier 1 until we have clearance in CA, at which time your account will be automatically upgraded to Verified Tier 3. *Most US states are like California at the present time.* Click here for more information."
so it's still a US law thing that makes it so hard for US residents. I heard coinbase was the simplest for US...gl
@_date: 2014-02-06 20:19:09
went up to 13 hours, then confirm 1 after 24 minutes. why does this happen, and isn't even 24 minutes far more then it should be? I thought it was about 10 minutes. there have been blocks mined, but this transaction was only confirmed on the 2nd block. 
this is not how I was explained BTC transactions worked. what's the story?
@_date: 2014-01-26 01:58:28


lol, wut?


satoshi left BTC community? where do you get that idea from? and what do you mean exactly with "leave"?
@_date: 2014-02-07 17:10:06
for someone that is so enthusiastic about debating, you're not very good at it. you just say this because that, without explaining the how that causes this.


yeah, so what? how is that a problem to my argument.


could this could that. of course people can make bad investment decisions, that doesn't change the fact that there are ventures/enterprises that would not get done, even though they'd provide a net benefit in a deflationary enviroment.


not if investors are any good at what they're supposed to do. how is it a correct entrepreneurial to not invest in something that has a net positive return in value; because that's what would happen. all the entreprises that result in a  net value  increase of less then the deflation rate would not get done (assuming rational agents evidently).


it's a problem that BTC is deflationary in nature because it will either not allow for low return investments to be done if it becomes a unit of account or it does not become a unit of account, and we remain stuck with the current fiat system (BTC just remains as visa/paypal). 
@_date: 2014-02-08 10:43:25


lol, that's sweet coming from someone that had to correct himself twice "Not "no financial instruments". Rather, money supply not containing financial instruments"; "What I meant is negative expected RoI in cases where the decision to invest is correct with respect to real scarcity." which also doesn't make sense BTW; also, negative real interest rates only happen in inflationary environments, which is not what I was discussing in my post at all, so I don't know what drove you to use that term at all, given I made no mention to it, and it's irrelevant to this scenario. here: 
but onto the meat of the debate:


yes, so what? what I'm saying is that: whether an investment is *made*, is chosen by an investor, is determined by nominal levels of interest rate. not that it satisfies needs.


only if the investor doesn't have access to the info on what changes are made.


again, satisfaction of needs, yes; worthy investment,  no. *an investor profits more from holding currency that gains value of 10% pa, then investing in such a venture where the satisfaction of needs is valued at less then 10%.* that (in italic) my whole point. thus ventures that satisfy needs that are valued at less then deflation rate don't get funding. IE a business considers buying a new factory to increase production by 5% thus satisfying needs of costumers that want such production by an increase of 5%. thus it would be willing to borrow money on the market at any price less then 5%+inflation rate. in an inflationary or deflation or less then 5%, environment that would be a positive number (IE inflation is 1%: interest rate of loan that business would accept is less then 6%). in a deflationary environment where deflation is more then 5%, IE 10%, the market price such a business would be only willing to borrow money at is: 5%-10%=-5%. as you know, no one would lend money at -5%. thus the business would not get funding even though the only thing that changed from one scenario to the next is inflation/deflation rate. the hypothetical satisfying of needs is the same, but the ability of getting funding is not, thus in practice such satisfying of needs would not actualize. 


yes, but you can only go to just above 0% interest rate (price of capital good) you can't borrow money at less then 0%, thus there's a limit to repricing of capital goods on the on end (the non-inflationary end), and thus any deflation will eliminate the market for capital goods with less then deflation rate expected return.


I didn't say they did. I just said that 1 of those 2 scenarios will happen.
@_date: 2014-12-02 17:09:40


sorry but not true. the little guy is never going to win of course, but it tells the ones that have a chance of winning that if they do/be more like that little guy that has your vote, you will more probably vote for that bigger party; thus voting for the little guy makes big parties  allign themselves more with your ideologies. that's how minority ideologies get into mainstream politics.
@_date: 2014-04-15 22:49:33


managing is just a part of governing a company. the manager manages and if the people he manages don't abide by the manager' commands they are likely fired (and that implies force, preventing the person from working there) if the person refuses still, security guards use force to expel and maintain the person out.


yes, because your house is not a sovereign country, your house belongs to a country that has laws that don't allow those things.
like I suspected you simply disagree with the ownership status of a country(right? if you hypthetically concede to the currently accepted status of ownership of a country, the rest I said makes perfect sense, does it not?). I already explained that most disagree with you and why I think there is some legitimacy to the current accepted status of ownership. so I ask you who does own the land of a/your country in accordance to your beliefs? and why?
@_date: 2014-03-23 19:39:08


lol. wtf? no wonder you're so confused given your apparent abhorrent lack of understanding of what btc is.
@_date: 2014-12-17 19:23:36


that's a oxymoron. you're saying it is useful in that it permites future or present use. or shorter, it's useful cause it will be useful. that's obviously nonsense.


wrong, gold can be in people's computers, satelites, etc.


wrong. I can be certain that it will be more valuable for me to trade X for Y in the future, so I hold/store X, until that certain time comes.


no, it doesn't. that is your interpretation, which I never heard of before. money circulates due to human will, and nothing more; it circulates in the sense that it moves from place to place, pretty obvious...
also you didn't actually argue anyof my points, you simply replied in short: "money is useful when sitting idle" without actually explaining how/why or how/why the reasons I gave that show that it isn't useful, are wrong.
@_date: 2014-04-15 20:57:57


a group that governs. I thought the word itself would be self-explanatory.
your idea is rather strange. 


that's a strange thought because to me that right is taken, not given; force has always been an option, it's just that with goverance the governors prohibited the use of force in certain instances. to give that right would only make sense in giving it *back* after taking it away first.
I just see land, and people living on that land; those people have a government that governs; that if republic is made of/by/for the people of that land; if non-republic is just oppression by the group that governs with force.
what is not clear to me is who is the legitimate owner of much of the land on earth. this is because current ownership has been made so by invasion and conquering at some point in the past; but generally I recognize that that's the way land got owned in those days, there weren't any international laws against conquering foreign lands; it was generally an accepted way of gaining land. nowadays not anymore (thankfully).
@_date: 2014-02-08 17:41:30


inflationary currencies were the norm for millenia. since minting, the govts took pure gold coins, and melted them, diluted them, mixed with other cheaper materials.


makes no difference. investsement is investment, regardless of what you're investing in, I just used the loan market as an example. 


they can't be lower then 0. that's my point.


then all ventures that have an expected return of less then 2-5% will not be actualized.


it's deflationary by design. even now only 0.1% of BTC is added to the supply every year. as long as increase in economy is more, then BTC is deflationary.


this was already asked, and I addressed it:
in essence it seems to be a case of tragedy of the commons.
@_date: 2014-04-15 22:53:10


you understand perfectly well what I mean. we the voters delegate the rule making to the people we elect to represent us in government. 
@_date: 2014-02-08 22:20:58
douevenenglish? those ventures **are** growth. they **are** economic augmentation of production.
@_date: 2014-12-03 15:18:52
the discount is fixed (about 10 euros) the fee for credit card is fixed (about 7 euros); it's just since the price of the plane ticket is so small (about 35 euros) the relative discount is so large.
my guess is the expenses with bank and credit card transfer and foreign exchange rates, commisions, and managments are apparently about 17 euros per transaction, so bitcoin eliminates these costs.
@_date: 2014-01-25 23:18:48
I always hated advertizement on TV, now with the internet I'm grateful for it and the (IMO) suckers that use fall for it (although internet ads are generally less bad and more relevant) because it allows me to use all these free services and (thx to adblock type software) without even having to be exposed to the ads.
@_date: 2014-04-15 22:14:12
... sigh...
to do what a government does, don't you know what a government does? it passes laws, it enforces them, and judges the enforcements and laws to see if they are lawfull.
@_date: 2014-04-01 00:43:35


this is pretty useless as it is now. I don't just want a headset, I want a headset with bluetooth, closed type with 20hz-20kz range at least. I don't want a monitor, I want a monitor with 16:9 ratio and 1080p vertical, with at least 20" screan. I don't just want a keyboard, I want a bluetooth keyboard flat and ergonomic with numpad. it takes hours to find what I want here.
let me know when your site is at least as filtrable (and generally good) as compare.eu and prices are considarable higher then what I can find in compare.eu too, but for that IDK what you need to do. hope you get it right soon.
E: and why are graphic cards under output devices? for that logic so could motherboards be under output. output is the end device. from GC it still goes through monitor.
@_date: 2014-01-09 01:48:11


yes, which also makes it have no incentive for users to switch to using it instead of BTC.
@_date: 2014-03-29 17:46:38
2013 Jan, discovered this shit crazy (or is it crazy shit? prob both) site called 4chan; in it some people claimed to give away 10-50BTC to winners of a 1/100 chance game. thought it was some near-worthless linden$ type thing. on the same site, heard about silkroad, discovered they accepted only BTC; got me interested (if drug dealers accept only it, it must have better value to them then $) tried to research it, but couldn't really understand (not having neither IT nor economic education) if it had a solid enough foundation, and was just too lazy too do proper research, instead I thought: "I'll just let it do it' thing, if it gets big and stable I'll hear about it". then april happened, and I thought this was worthwhile do some proper research, but still lazy I only did enough research to get convinced just before SR went down.
 wanted to buy at the SR closure dip but didn't have a bank account (yes I really dislike and had little use for banks ATT), and was on vacation in Ireland, so waited to get back to portugal and open a bank account and buy some. spent 4 days offline around the day I came back to PT, when I went online the price had gone up 25% after hovering around 100€ for months on end, and kept going up as I went through the 5 days (3 bussiness days) of burocracy to open a bank account, and finally bought at 160% of what I would have bought had I a bank account. ironically I closed my previous bank account to save money on bank fees for a account I rarely used anyways. ended up losing 60% of my BTC holdings ;(
@_date: 2014-04-14 04:41:56
so does that mean I cannot use force to enforce rules in my own house? if so, that principle sucks, but that's not what I learned NAP means.


see? you just have to understand that a country is one big co-owned-by-all-citizens-of-that-country property on which rules are made, and if actions that go against those rules "are considered violent or aggressive when they are against the owners's free will and interfere with ~~his~~ their/our right to self-determination and the principle of self-ownership."
@_date: 2014-02-08 20:01:04
lol. no, it's logically deductable (I even considered not writting it because I thought it was so obvious). if those ventures/economic_activities aren't done it means there is less economic activity. less economic activity means less economic growth. I can't make it anymore obvious then this without having to explain what those words I used mean, which I presume you know what they mean.
@_date: 2014-01-29 04:30:50
kraken is not european. it's based in san fransisco.
@_date: 2014-02-08 20:18:25


dude. **the satisfaction of need is already there a priori, just the same in either case; this is the example I used: where there is a need that can be satisfied if the business expands (which means investment into the business)!** the investment would lead to satisfaction of needs **if** such investment would occur, but it would not occur, because the investor would gain more by simply holding on to his cash. **do you even read what I write?!? I already had to basically repeat what was in the post I linked and you still don't understand?!**


that explanation it stupid. you are stupid. it says that it isn't true because some investors made bad decisions, based on erroneous assumptions. I said **if** the investor has access to what changes, he *knows* what the money supply will be like, he knows what the interest rate market will be like and thus will make sound investments that accurately reflect reality because they are based on reality. just because some people in that past did not have that information, doesn't mean that **if** they did have that information, and aren't retarded investors, they would not make such malinvestements.


no, I do not. don't put words in my mouth. besides it's not "*if* an expected RoI below the appreciation rate discourages an investor from an investment", it's always the case that it, not only discourages but, leads any rational investor to never invest in such a case. the investment should never be done from the POV of the investor. but if it were it would satisfy the need for that extra production that the investment would create (**remember**, I've presented an example were the need already exists *a priori*, and showing what would happen with inflation vs deflation).


lol. that's not reduction ad absurdum, that's exactly what most economists advise and what is the modern state of the economy. there are almost no capital goods unemployed. just hard cash, and metals in private storage. everything in the bank is being utilized, and more through leverage.


and supply of capital. demand for, and supply of, capital determines it' price. econ 101.
this is my last attempt, as I already repeated myself often enough. if you still don't get it and don't provide anything new, gl;hf ^idiot
@_date: 2014-04-22 00:26:01


I did not evade; I replied more then once: that's one of the things you seem to have competely ignored which makes this discusion even more frustratinlgy pointless. **read what I write!**
BTW on machinery of freedom (and the rest of the thread on polycentric law: 
like I said, been there done that.
what I recomend you look into is what tragedy of the commons really means (no, government is not a tragedy of the commons, your saying that reveals your misunderstanding of the concept); governance is required for such situations where individuals acting in their own interest end up doing a worse economic job (not only for everyone in general but for themselves solely as well) then if they all follow certain rules of governance; those rules must be enforced in a world where people are not altruistic to the point of not taking personal advantage of situations to the detriment of others especially strangers.
the real debate is *which* situations are tragedy of the commons (and thus require governance, rules and enforcement of those rules to overcome TotC) and which aren't. to ignore the existence of TofC situations and thus claim that governance is not required is delusional at best.
@_date: 2014-10-27 19:10:51


yes it is (of what other thing do you think the 6% is from(). and it's not technically owned 94% by the gov, it's 100% owned by the gov, and all banks must pay a fee to become a bank in the country, and in return they get 6% of the profits. anyway fact is 94% of the profits go the the US treasury, so.
@_date: 2014-04-14 01:02:39


why? also didn't you mean to reply to my other comment?
@_date: 2014-05-07 14:07:02


that's the whole point. now you don't take the whole time range with the future prices either; just like the other previous trend lines took the whole time range of the time, yet the price didn't conform to the trend line of the whole time range of that time; thus the trend line that now takes the whole time range might not come out true, just as the previous ones didn't either.
past performance is not indicative of future performance. investing 101
@_date: 2014-12-18 22:44:12


lol, "after which"? why do you ignore the only time that matters, the time he actually spends them and affects the financial/economical ecosystem, the time he actually exercises that power? that's like saying it doesn't matter that anyone has a gun with 10 bullets, because  the only things he can do are not spend the bullets (as now) or spend them and push them into a person or their property, after which he has no power.
@_date: 2014-10-27 20:26:23
no. the president can technically choose anyone it likes even his postman if it's his fancy. of course in fact it's his administation that does the work of choosing various possibilities, and he agrees to one, which then goes to be voted for approval or denial in the senate or congress (can't remember which).
@_date: 2014-12-20 22:12:54
well, that article is wrong, it abuses the flaws of english language to try to prove a point (whether knowingly or not).  it has more independent authority then most other gov agencies, that does not make it owned by banks, the way it works is independent from gov, in that neither legislative nor executive branches dictate its policies (but congress has power to relegate that independence back to congress), they are solely dictated by the FEDs board of directors (which as I said are chosen by congress and president).  it's private in the way it is organized and functions but anyway this shouldn't be neccessary to explain cause as I said: it works for the gov, *directors are elected by gov bodies*, and (almost all) profits go to gov, if that's not owned by gov nothing is. 
in short gov has delegated the CB power to the FEDs board of directors, *which the congress and the president choose who the directors are*. this is to prevent swings in congress parties power abuse the FEDs abilities, which historically has resulted in whichever party has most power creates enourmous amounts of money which it spends on whatever it sees prefers, eventually severly devaluating the currency and general chaos in the economy at large and at times even destroying it through hyperinflation (in short to solve a tragedy of the commons situation in congress with gov monetary policy).
BTW that's a blog, if you believe that over public records and law, there is no hope for you.
@_date: 2014-01-29 05:08:34
I remember as clear as anything. can't be sure on russia though. but india def. and USA being less then canada also def. and almost sure that if not russia was china in red. I recall the same layout of the map and the "permissive"; "contentios", etc.
@_date: 2014-12-21 23:04:21


lol, what? no I didn't, how the hell did you read that?
in general you're just plain mistaken about many things (some of which I already explained and you still ignore it), and I have better things to do then to educate you, especially given you have shown a tendency to totaly ignore much of what is said. so gl,hf
@_date: 2014-04-19 10:10:18


this and other things ( including that demonstrated you again didn't read properly what I wrote) makes this discussion over. no point in arguing against a deaf dumb moralist. gl;hf
PS I've been in the libertarian area of thought; been there, done that; and if you think long and hard enough, you realize it makes no sense because 1 there is no inherent morality to humans or the universe; 2 the only thing libertarians are usually against is the current ownership claims on existing land and the current laws on that land; not the system itself, which if you thought well enough would realize it's the same you profess unless you're arguing for peaceful utopian "lets just all get along" anarchy where everyone voluntary chooses to be a "good" person by whatever your standards of good are. and polycentric law, fuck how dumb must you be not to recognize the flaws in that? what if I disagree with the law set you have? it's again just my word against your on what should happen. seriously grow up from your religious moral upbringing and start thinking *what is* in practice and *why*; of course we can all claim that this or that ought to be, but again that's just my will on what should be against your will on what should be; there is no writing on the sky on what should happen on this earth or anywhere else; there just is what there is, and different people having different opinions on what should be. 
things just are; so unless you're arguing that it would benefit most humans to have a different system, your argument for morality with me makes as much sense as arguing for the existence of god with richard dawkins.
@_date: 2014-03-16 03:18:33
agreed. just want to add: it's strange for me to tip maybe once in one month, and then maybe not find anything worth tipping for the rest of the month, or maybe I don't explore new sites to donate that month, or whatever the reason, then 1 site gets my entire monthly tip jar. basically like you said, it's weird that the amount is based on how many other sites I like on that particular month. that's why I suggested alternative tipping methods.
@_date: 2014-12-04 21:55:12


yes, but each individual prefers not to pay their own taxes. we want taxes to be paid in general, just not by ourselves if we can avoid it.
@_date: 2014-04-15 20:21:28


and that includes all the rules? any change to any rule would give out a different H(X)? that's my concern, if there's something that the miners can change that doesn't affect the hash function result... you say all they can do is refuse to confirm certain transactions? shouldn't that be against the rules as well? I can understand not wanting to include more then some some size of transactions to reduce the probability of orfans(I think it's called). but allowing miners to choose to deny specific transactions shouldn't be allowed if possible.
again thanks for the explanation.
@_date: 2014-04-11 16:52:03


ya, I exaggerated because I thought that the bank confirmation that I had to do for bitcoin.de was only because it's an escrow thing, so that a real exchange would not require that (but I haven't found any exchange where one can simply make a bank transfer after signing up); because without that part (which takes a minute of work, and takes a day max) really is as easy as buying something from the internet.
@_date: 2014-02-08 21:34:45


what? the choice of either not investing or investing in negative interest rate investments? you call that a choice?!?
plus you again failed to recognize you were wrong in that you said "*if* an investment does not lead to satisfaction consumer's needs" and I corrected you by saying that in my example, a priori, the investment *would* satisfy of those needs, so there is no *if*, as you claimed!


wrong. a capital good that is invested satisfies the need of the investment (the business, and thus the consumers) *and* the need to increase the wealth of the investor. a capital good that just sits in the hands of the investor gaining value through deflation only satisfies the later. in deflation only one need is satisfied, in inflation, both are; that's my point.
hopefully this, together with what I already said previously, should make evident the source of your erroneous thinking.


I'm well aware of that, I just wanted to express my thought on the matter.


yes it is. investors thought credit would be cheap in the future. FED made it so that it would not without sufficient warning. investors thought the fed would do one thing, it did another, thus they did not have access to the data, because the fed changed the "data" at will. investors did no have access to what the fed would do in the future, thus that case is not the one I presented where investors do know what changes are made.


so you don't even understand what I'm objecting. wow.


my webcam is shit, and so is my upload speed. not going to work from my side, plus I have no mic, just the inbuilt one on my laptop, so sound will be unintelligible too. sorry.


try to understand what I write instead, it will help you much more.
and a word of advice on understanding in general, don't get caught up in intellectualizations; they are only useful to compress real world phenomena explanations into short phrases. it's the phenomena that matter in the end, not intellectual statements about concepts, those are just tools to understand real world phenomena. I advice you to look at what I wrote from a more downtoearth approach, using thought experiments of real world scenarios instead of intellectual concepts (that you used in this discussion that weren't relevant or applicable to the matter at hand).
@_date: 2014-02-07 14:58:05


? it already is not. assuming you meant deflationary: no that's not what I'm saying, I'm saying there's no depression *because* BTC market share is so tiny that it's deflationary effects are negligible, compared to fiats inflationary effects. ^douevenenlglish?
@_date: 2014-01-25 23:33:45
no, it's just the largest psytrance festival (26'000 tickets).
@_date: 2014-11-08 19:52:33
the man who invented the internet. lol this tells me enough: that the author is retarded and its highly unlikely that his book is anything but a mess. it's like saying the man that invented computers.
@_date: 2014-03-25 23:23:08


gold is very malleable (thus more easily divisible) and relatively, hard to fake, and stable supply. these characteristics it has better then any other (old) metal, thus it's the best money
note: I'm not an expert. 
@_date: 2014-04-15 22:54:50


I mean assume:
: to think that something is true or probably true without knowing that it is true
@_date: 2014-02-08 23:10:22


I already did. 3 times. sorry you're to retarded to understand them.
@_date: 2014-02-07 16:23:39


that makes more sense. 
generally I missudnertood what you meant, but no wonder given what you wrote, and given who you wrote it to. nothing you say then contradicts what new_to_coinz said. you say that BTC as a unit of exchange but not a unit of account does not suffer from deflation problems. in other words BTC as a payment mechanism vs BTC as a currency. the 3 of us agree on that.


?!? there would never be negative interest rates. who in their right mind would lend X to get less then X back? no one. am I misunderstanding you again? did you understand my point about a deflationary currency (unit of account) not catering to small interest rate lending markets? 


I know. I never said it would fail. only that it's not as good as a inflationary one.
@_date: 2014-02-08 19:00:27
whatever the economy is growing at the time, if supply is zero for BTC, then the deflation rate is the demand increase.
@_date: 2014-02-07 16:06:55




different things. bad yes. deflationary spiral not. the members of BTC economy would have more investment being done (the investments that have smaller expected return on investments then the expected deflation). besides if by deflationary spiral you mean: ["a situation where decreases in price lead to lower production, which in turn leads to lower wages and demand, which leads to further decreases in price"]( then BTC has all the symptoms of that. cost of things in BTC economy has plunged.
@_date: 2014-04-14 22:36:22


well you are in the minority to believe so. most people recognize it as legitimate thus it is. homesteading is vague, it homesteaded plenty in my view (defense, suprastructure, infrastructure, even exploration, and for some people conquering is/was a legitimate form of gaining ownership, especially conquering from "primitive, barely-human savages") 
also you speak of gov, I spoke of country; gov is just the governing part of a country. also why do you call in the third person? all citizens are a part of the country, it's not they, it's we; it's our perspective, the citizens perspective that are imposed on all other dwellers of the land that we own.
@_date: 2014-12-04 11:22:50
math. 1+50% of 1 is 1.5. 1.5 -50% of 1.5 is 0.75.
@_date: 2014-02-08 10:56:21
yes. 2% loans. what about less then 1% loans? still no market for them. (and I think 1% deflation rate in a BTC world is not realistic, given GDP growth is often well above 1% and BTC already has only  about 0.1% increase in supply per year.
@_date: 2014-12-05 13:38:53


that is obvious, but lacking a such a better system we have to make due with the best available, which in many instances requires systems that "make people do what most people think should happen". it's easy to say, we should have better XYZ, the hard part is actually achieving better XYZ. of course anyone with halfabrain recognizes that using force to do what people want is not ideal, that it would be better if no force was required, but until real alternetives become possible and aparant, you seem to just be saying "it'd be nicer if we had better systems".
 plus you said "we should move away from public provisions whenever possible" not whenever it is best to do so; you didn't say the reason was because it's best, you said the reason was because people don't want to pay taxes themselves; which implies an ideological reason instead of an "because it's best" reason. so to me that is would not be a good reason.
@_date: 2014-12-20 18:56:51
it's a part of your voting rights as citizen. it's like everyone is a equal share holder (non-transmittable) of the gov, we elect our directors and CEOs (legislative deputies and executive leaders, respectively) these in turn select the directors of the CBs. public property is the company (gov) assets.
@_date: 2014-10-27 20:24:39


IDK that, but 1 that is even less then 6%, 2nd the Fed probably doesn't give all of it everyear to the treasury, probably keeps part of it in the Fed.
actually that's what happens


the profits are demanded by the treasury (even less power to the Fed) so the treasury might demand more of it's share or less ever year.


oh really, where?
@_date: 2014-05-07 14:21:51


exactly, you can't. neither could you have 2 years ago when the trend line pointed towards 100'000$/btc. the point I'm making is that had you done the exact same thing as you are doing now, 2 years ago, you'd predict a price of 100'000 by now. you would have failed in your prediction then, thus there is no reason to think you would get it right doing the exact same thing now, is there?
can't make it any simpler then this m8.
@_date: 2014-03-23 20:28:38
[there are plenty of people willing](
@_date: 2014-12-03 14:41:23


yeah, but also Bitcoin frees the people from governments that have **not** overstepped their boundaries. meaning bitcoin frees people from evading tax for any government just as much as the overstepping ones, and as there is a personal incetive not to pay tax even if it is benificial if everyone pays tax, this becomes a problem of freeriders in a tragedy of the commons situation; so either deter tax evasion, or have freeriders, or do away with tax and gov altogether. bitcoin does either of the last 2 which seem worse then the 1st.
also on the OP content; it's not the financial system he should be loling, it's american bank client agreements/rules; in SEPA you can transfer any amount for free, 0 fees; but yeah, gov oversitgh on big transfers of course.
@_date: 2014-12-21 23:12:44
no. all money created by CB is automatic income for the CB (balance sheet increased, the money it creates belongs to it, but it can only create money by buying securities so it spends it immediatly on these securities) , so it's totaly up to the CB to have as much profit as it sees fit; of course there are consequences, they can't just create as much as they want, cause that would destroy the currency. banks benefit from lower interest rates cause they are first in line for the cheaper money, but also are the ones that have the most money in assets so they are also the ones most affected by inflation in that sense. I'm already repeating myself; seriously learn to do some real research instead of believing some amatuer docs online at face value.
@_date: 2014-02-07 17:21:51


well, it isn't in theory, a currency design. the theory is that democracy prevails. but in such shitty democratic systems with an apathetic uneducated electorate, it falls easily in the hands of manipulative elites.


limited yes, deflationary no. it's illimited in theory (we can create as many US$ as we (the FED) want), but it's limited in practice by that you pointed out. the economy (essentially the demand for US$).
deflation is just dependent on the relation between money supply and money demand.
it's just the price of money essentially, so it abides by supply demand dynamics.
supply&gt;demand=inflation 
@_date: 2014-11-12 17:10:00


not quite, it would not mean the end of the system, it would just increase the number of defaults and bankrupcies in the economy, which is generally seen as a bad thing. and economists do point out this effect among the others you mentioned that they mention.
your simply saying "but that's all bullshit. " shows your immaturity on the subject; it's not just bullshit, it's a rational conclusion based on certain facts and assumptions, that have been explained by many in many mediums. you can counteragrue on the assumptions and/or conclusions like austrian economists do, but to just desprize it all with a simple "but that's all bullshit. " is empty of any effective meaning.
@_date: 2014-12-06 11:52:30


aer you saying the citizens of a country don't have a vested interest in the effecient use of public provisions payed for by their tax? of course they do, so it is the same, a country is essentially a humoungous co-op.


lol, sure whatever yousay mr luny. you're obviously out of your mind, so not much point in discusing this further.
@_date: 2014-04-14 00:16:27


agreed. the gov could IE require KYC to all businesses, no more buying things without giving your ID (much like it is now unless you use cash; come to think of it, gov must only ban the use of cash to accomplish this nowadays (ignoring bitcoin)), maybe only for purchases bigger then some amount for simplicity' sake.
EDIT: further more, bitcoin protocol can be any government' wish come true; programable money, can see and change anything at a PC. they have but to ban every currency that doesn't comply to their programable into  the protocol needs, and just the gov aproved, fully transparant to gov, fully controlable by gov, currencies would be allowed to be traded. of course you can ban other cryptocurrencies as much as you can ban torrenting copyrighted works, but still, you're not going to see bussinesses generally accepting them.
@_date: 2014-04-14 00:12:47


do you also care if I use force to impose my limited perspective on people living in my house? 
do you also care if me and the other family members that own a house decide by majority vote to use force to impose our limited perspective on people living in our house? if you don't, then you should also not care to use it in our country, which is in essence just 1 very big house co-owned by all nationals/citizens.
@_date: 2014-12-05 14:54:59


yes, so what? that does not mean that even those people you mention don't think "that using force to do what people want is not ideal"; don't you think they'd much rather have people do what they(the ones using force) want without having to force them to do as they want? don't you think they'd much rather prefer if the people also wanted to do what they (the force users) wanted them to do?


how is that a start? banking is a private enterprise, not a government one, so how is that a start in reducing dependency on public provisions?


so it is an ideological reason, after all. well you have no support from me on that front; I don't give a shit about morality, only about what is best, what causes the most well-being.


as do private provisions. competition is wasteful (as in there are resources being spent on both sides that could be spent just once for the same benifit to both (IE knowledge, management, research, actual offensive and defensive undertakings).


that's presicly why we have the governing of those public domains, to manage the tragedy of the commons (IE the fish in the sea is public, but we need gov to govern, so that overfishing does not occur, which would be bad for all fisherman, even though each individual fisherman has an incentive to fish as much as he can) some things you can't privatize, like the fish in the ocean. plus... sigh I said this so many times already to different people, the best solution to tragedy of the commons is often not privatizing, but regulating the commons (IE can't privatize the sea, or the air, or long rivers; there are many advanteges to having something commonly owned instead of privatly, IE less managment, specialization, IE instead of each defending and fencing their own plot, one can join and defense can be shared) plus (and most obivous to me, yet somehow elusive to many) in the end, anything that is owned by more then one person is, in practice, the commons, as in it's co-owned/shared by more then one person; thus those owners must together manage/govern their shared property, which involves making rules and of course enforcing those rules. so unless you think it's a good idea for every single thing, physical and intelectual, be only owned by singular persons, you should understand that commons and thus tragedy of the commons must exist, and the best we can deal with it is for the collective of those various commons govern their commons (which neccesitates rules/regulations and the enforcement of those rules).
@_date: 2014-10-27 21:55:15


lol. you didn't seem angry to me, don't worry.
@_date: 2014-04-22 14:01:43


no. they want a gov that's elected and acoutable by and to the people respectivly. if gov behaves contrary to the people' will they elect another one or overthrow it if necessary. *the gov only exists because people support it*. if people didn't support it it would not exist.
anyway why do you still argue with me? I thought it was pointless until I saw the immorality of gov; did you change your mind on that? is it not pointless to discuss it with someone that doesn't see gov as immoral?
@_date: 2014-12-03 15:01:38
almost 50% discount with bitcoin in this case! or with credit card it would be more then 50% more expensive!
@_date: 2014-12-02 04:37:34
just want to add a generalist comment:
bitcoin sorely needs to be more user friendly, cause as it is now it's a clusterfuck for most people to understand enough to actually use it. and before you go on about how the internet was the same and now everyone uses it: 1) most people use it in a very limited fashion (email, social network, youtube, music; that's it); 2) the internet has become **much** more userfriendly in the last decade or 2; bitcoin needs to do the same at least (actually considerably more given it's to do with money).
so this is a much needed example of things that need to become more userfriendly for adoption among normal people to occur.
@_date: 2014-12-21 04:14:41


wrong. the only bank that have unlimited access to money are central banks, cause they are the only ones that can create money. primary dealer banks partly benifit from this creation indirectly but much less then the gov benifits from it (given the created money becomes a part of the FEDs assets, the profits of which go almost all to the gov), and actually given banks are the ones actually holding most of the money (and debt) they are the ones that most are negativly affected by the inflation caused by money creation, so the benifits are really just an offset; reletivly speaking the gov takes practically all of the benifit from fed money creation (at least in normal creation, this doesn't happen when that money created is actually used to bailout failing banks, more or less indirectly, instead of being spent on general public good, but this is no news in politics, public money is always spent partly on private interests of wellconected people, it has nothing to do with the CB, it has to do with gov policy in general, if it wasn't the fed doing it it would be even worse as has historically been the case, and partly why CBs have become independant in the way I described in my other comment).


wrong again, that multiplication of money is created as loans and destroyed again as the loans get paid back, (fractional reserve lending) so that the money from real deposits is not lent out, so that if loans aren't paid back the money from your deposit hasn't been loaned out never to return, and it's the bank that gets the bill (of course this is useless if we the gov then bails them out with tax money to pay for that bill, again the problem is gov policy, not the central bank).


what part of the central banks being owned by gov did you not understand? the monopoly is ours (indirectly, the CB has the monopoly, and the politicians of government (those that govern government) that we voted into office elect the governors that govern the CB. you could argue that CB governors should be voted into office directly instead of through our representatives, so that it's on the same democratic level as the executive and legislative branch, and you could argue the same for the justice branch which has as much independence as the CB, its power being organized in the same way, but that's another discussion).


yes, until it isn't and they fail as many have in the last decade, but we stupid people let our stupid representatives that we stupid people elect bail them out. again problem is not central banks, it's stupid people voting for bad politicians, if central banks were less independent from our representatives it would be even worse because of this, as history has demonstrated.


what? what has that got to do with anything? and what straw man? do you even know what that is?
again all this should be known if you did a bit of research on the subject instead of just ignoring all public info but straight up believe some stupid doc made by a bunch or often even just 1 confused (and sometimes likely paranoid schizofrenic) amatuer.
@_date: 2014-04-21 20:21:09






I was going to say:
ok, let's try this again. refrain from bringing morality into this; and refrain from making baseless accusations (or repeatedly grossly misunderstand or outright ignore what I write)  (such as "No you haven't because you clearly don't understand the NAP and private property."; "You are the utopian who believes that a group of people (who you state cannot all be good) should tell others what to do by force and that everything will turn out fine. "; "So the German people along with Hitler murdering the Jews, or someone torturing someone who washes up on their shore is totally fine with you." or this one that doesn't even make sense "you are religious for sure - you just didn't know it.") and I'll try to understand your POV.
but then I re-read this you wrote:


we'll I guess it's pointless to discuss them (with you) then, because you have yet to provide one iota of substace to even change my mind in the slightest of all to the morality or lack thereof of govern or anything else; morality is not something that exists beyond the opinions of humans, so what is or not moral is opinion, not fact. given you consider it pointless to discuss it with someone like me that doesn't recognize gov or anything else as immoral or moral then I wish you gl;hf.
@_date: 2014-02-07 14:29:10


BTC is used by less then 0.00001% of world transaction volume. that's why. ^idiot.
@_date: 2014-04-10 01:03:45
because you don't know who the bitcoin addresses that you see the money flow to and fro, belong. you know they first address when one buys btc at the exchange, and after the money leaves that address you don't know if it went to a address belonging to the same persons, another persons, a bussiness, or so. only when the money comes to a publicly known address do you, once again, know who that money belongs to at that time, but still don't know who it went through in all the addresses in between.
@_date: 2014-12-17 19:13:45
why is that a reasurring?
@_date: 2014-04-14 00:02:50


what? either I'm extremly mistaken on what 51% attack means, or it is "causing damage" as long as the 51% holds control which in case of US gov, would be forever; and it could be permanent in that the US could just choose to send all bitcoins to 1 single address under their control, effectively killing bitcoin.
if one agent holds 51% of the network they are the ones that have the longest chain. how would that be temporary?
@_date: 2014-04-14 04:50:08


how can the clients know which miners changed the rules, if those rules are just confirming false transactions and/or denying true ones? from the client' view, it's just the network confirming transactions, it doesn't know if they are legitimate or not AFAIK.
@_date: 2014-04-22 21:11:10


exactly. that is not contradictory.


by passing laws in the interest of the people and enforcing those laws! by enacting  "certain rules of governance; those rules must be enforced  in a world where people are not altruistic"
 again you ignore what I write; to the point of absurdity, leading me to suspect you're just trolling me at this point. good bye
@_date: 2014-05-02 16:06:36
agreed. plus he fails to mention who does the backing? without saying who does the backing it's a useless opinion. 
@_date: 2014-02-08 19:23:06
the ventures that have less then deflation rate do. are you suggesting that we don't need those ventures? (BTW if those ventures are not done, the economy doesn't grow as much).
@_date: 2014-01-16 03:52:52
titled: "dough in doll." subtitle: "the strange fetiches of internet dwellers for little girl' dolls".
news: man caught trying to steal girl' dolls. says he has a "sick mind, needs psychiatric help, not jail"; in his defense."
or as somone else here already said: "parents send their kids as undercover "friend" of girl, to steal her doll; parents did not comment when asked why".
all kinds of things can come from a doll having the key to lots of cash.
although it's prob incrypted, and the password with the godparents, and/or the parents. which isn't really giving it to them, and given they keep a copy at their safe; it seems pretty pointless to do this in the 1st place.
@_date: 2014-12-17 19:03:48
yes, like any wize investor would, they are concerned with the biggest share holders and what they will do that affects the value of their holdings.
@_date: 2014-02-08 22:33:25


that's not an option, that's a reason why 1 one the options should be made.


the price of capital goods, as with all other goods, is derived from supply and demand. a deflationary currency has a lower supply then a inflationary one, thus it affects the price of said capital, and by consequence the price of everything else. Apparently it is too difficult to comprehend or even read this (and other things) I wrote already.


**yes it is! and I've explained it why several times! you seem to simply ignore what I write explaining exactly how A leads to X, how when changing only A instead of B, with all otherthings staying the same, X occurs with A, but not with B. instead you simply say "no because price of capital is derived from price of everything else". ~~you're an imbecile!~~** you also did the exact opposite of my advice.


~~you're retarded.~~ *facepalm*, *headshake*


you ignore what I've laid out and eventually shoved in  your face several times.


again, something irrelevant to this discusion.


no you don't. ir if you do, you are even more stupid then you seem, because you fail to understand how your counterargument does **nothing** to my argument.


**and supply of capital goods**. econ 101, price is determined by demand and supply. low supply of capital (deflationary currency) increases price of captial goods! thus deflation rate affects unprofitability of lending out such capital.         I'm just repeating myself now, this is ridiculous.


lol. that's unexpected, I'll think about it.
@_date: 2014-03-15 20:16:11
I don't see how BTC would prevents this. there'd still be loans with interest being made, still banks making such loans, thus still banks being able to rig interest rates. as long as there's money loans things like this could happen, regardless of which currency is used.
@_date: 2014-12-17 19:10:59
If I had invested in MS, yes, ofcourse. never heard of major shareholders tanking their own company for millions of immediate profit?
@_date: 2014-04-18 17:43:08
jeez, so much missunderstanding... sigh.


wtf? do you seriously believe ownership is property of physics? ownership is a human mental construct. it is not defined by physical laws, it's defined by human made laws, and human laws are made by humans, they are chosen by humans, thus, ownership, being a human law, not a physical law, is subject to the opinion of humans. so there are no definite ways of determining ownership because it depends on what people think ownerhip entails. seriously wtf? how can you think ownership is an inherent property of the universe?


you need a gov to enforce your claims, you need a gov to determine your claims are valid or not. and before you talk about freemarket courts and private police; those things are goverments; given they *govern*; they decide what to do with property, who it belongs to, and how to enforce the rule of court. doing that is governing, thus it is government, it's just private government, which is much worse then public government.


again, we are not discussing what is fine (you should read what I write otherwise it's pretty useless for me to write), how it is and why is what we're discussing.


in practice, yes, in practice ultimately force is the determining factor, not for what is right, but for what **is**. what is right is human opinion. or do you also believe that rightness/wrongness are inherent properties of the universe?


plenty of people would. I would not but for most of human history most people did.


in theory, in practice you are not; that's what I said (again learn to read what I write).


again, I'm not defending anything; I'm saying what it is and why. the reasoning. I personally am against owernship by conquering, so are most humans today AFAIK. so no, NK would not have a legitimate claim IMO, nor in the opinion of most humans today AFAIK.


again, I'm not defending it. and I already said I'm against the concept of owning people and preventing people from leaving, and what that would mean. again, read what I write! if you continue to ignore what I already said, this conversation is too useless for me to continue.


fucking hell, do you not know english either?! you are not your labor or the land on which you are. you are your body. body != what the body does or where the body is.


again: tragedy of the commons.  here's the link to make it dead easy for you.


I never said it did.


yes you can; just rescind your nationality and leave the land that is not solely yours.


joking right, you're not really this stupid are you? co-owner means you and other own the same thing. given the other co-owners by majority have ruled that you cannot build a house in the white house lawn, you cannot. if most people would vote that you could, you could. that is democractic co-ownership. same thing happens in companies; shareholders vote on what the company does etc. do you even know what democracy means? is english not your mother tongue? seriously I'm getting tired of so much nonsense.


again: I defend a system that governs by majority owners of a land, such land. not that governs people. and I'm against conquering other people' lands. 


??? you meant there is no place that's *not* under the control of a gov?


I mean you can leave to a better land. yes all land is owned by someone nowadays, so if you leave you must in practice leave to a land that is already owned by someone. and I never said the seas are under gov control. boats != seas; learn to read english!


again, they should IMO give you the choice to leave; if you stay in their land then you should subject to their rules; but I'm against preventing someone from leaving, because that would entail owning your person. they can do whatever they want with the land, but not hold you in it.


.... seriously go learn some basic politics/english. monarchies are governemts. a government is one that governs a land or property (again). even in cavemen times the cavemen governed their hunting/gathering grounds, by saying who should hunt where and when; how much fire to burn, how much food to eat now, vs saving for winter time; and delineating their grounds from other tribes, and such. but the undenieable is since farming; farming ground was owned by some and not by others (even if a whole village co-owned it, a person from another village did not own it, could not farm it as if it's theirs; that determining of ownership and enforcing of such ownership rules requires governace/government) rules were passed, etc.


again you should read what I wrote properly: "all land had government since the land owners enacted a government on their own land or *a country conquered another.*
again I ask: **" does your whole argument boil down to being against invading other countries?"**
is the fact that all land was at some point in history conquered, your argument against current ownership statuses?
and also I ask: **what so much better do you suggest instead of pointing out flaws in the current system?** who do you sugest should own all the lands? and why?
and do try to read properly what I write so I don't have to repeat myself countless times, otherwise I give up.
@_date: 2014-02-18 14:40:11
why are purchas prices fixed? why not simply like bets, bet how much you want with whatever the ratio is. I mean techincally it already is so, given you can buy many contracts instead of just one, one being the minimum bet, but it's harder to buy many then to buy one (AFAIK) and the minimum bet is very high, so in effect it's not.
@_date: 2014-04-22 20:35:20


not all borrowing are fractnional reserve types. I can just borrow the BTC you have. like is done with commodities (yes gold and silver too) and other equities.
@_date: 2014-03-15 20:12:18


so wrong. stopped reading.
@_date: 2014-01-10 00:25:02
yep, tragedy of the commons.
is one solution to have smaller block rewards inversely proportional to frequency of a miner finding blocks, so that big pools would receive less then smaller ones or solo miners? like this there would be an incentive for more miner decentralization.
@_date: 2014-04-10 01:12:58


it is? it seems just as easy as buying anything else on the internet. send money somewhere, buy product. done.


that I fully agree. people generally don't trust themselves (and rightly so) to keep private valuable info on their computers or on some remote startup online co.
but it's still not the biggest problem, I agree that for the most part, it's ignorance of what bitcoin really is, and the inability/unwillingness to research and learn what it is; so from most people's POV it's just too good to be true (the thinking is quite rational if you don't know the details of how the protocol works and such: "comon, send money that doesn't exist, only as information (that generally can so easily be copied) without any authority making sure nothing goes belly up, just programs that do everything? yeah right. ever heard of viruses? you think information on the internet is secure without any huge company  (like bank or paypal) making it secure? ha, just don't lose more then you have, cause I don't want to have to support your welfare when you go bankrupt)
@_date: 2014-02-06 19:56:14
Estimated Confirmation Time 	9 hours. 
@_date: 2014-03-14 19:52:29
doesn't localbitcoins offer escrow at 1% fee?
@_date: 2014-04-14 22:39:52


when are you speaking of? when the land was first legally made property? that was not made legally property by we call "land owners" it was made property bycountry' authority on a government legislation. there were no property owners before a government recognized that land as being the property of someone; before that it was just empty land (or occupied by foreign people, IE indians). your question is confusing to me, you're welcome to clarify it.
@_date: 2014-10-02 09:30:21
it's good because it's predictable, and thus economic decisions can be made with longer time frames and security (without fearing a sudden unexpected change in the money supply).
but it's bad because deflation is bad (no matter what stupid austrian economic followers might try to convince you otherwise). deflation is bad, not because people won't spend as much, but because less investment will be made (and yes, investment is better use of money than it sitting in your house doing nothing). I explained this in more detail here  but as you can see the dogmatism of most bitcoiners on reddit is exasperating. 
also you might have better responses on @_date: 2014-02-08 23:24:22
touché. lol. altough in my defence, it wasn't a gramatical mistake, it was a typo. I know full well how it's suppossed to be written, just cfan't be bothered to be very accurate when dealing with such unimportant comments.
@_date: 2014-04-14 14:12:12
simple to you maybe. I don't see how confirming some transactions and not others or so is a part of the rules that the clients can determine.
I found this, which is somewhat helpful:


so the partial nodes trust that most full nodes are honest, so they don't do what you say; but full nodes do, they "never allow double-spends or invalid transactions to exist in the block chain under any circumstances." but I still don't see how full nodes can determine if the miners are being honest/correct. 
now my question is, how many full nodes are there nowadays? how hard is it to setup a full node? seems like just a client on a IP address with the full blockchain downloaded; seems quite easy/cheap compared to a mining rig; how much would it cost to have +50% of full nodes nowadays? surely a small fraction of +50% mining power, less then 1/100th I guess. +50% mining power and a bit more; I'm sure the US gov or a bank cartel can do that with their pocket change.
@_date: 2014-04-24 16:53:14


? altruistic laws? no, the politicians pass laws that the people want in order to keep their jobs and get promoted (and in USA get legal bribes from corps) again I already said this.


no, the people elect the politicians that in (in their perspective) will pass laws that help them (the voters) the most, which includes (and IMO should only be) laws to solve tragedy of the commons situations (in case you didn't read about TofC, yes it's in the voters self interest to solve TofC situations).
voters vote for politicians that pass laws in the interest of those voters (which included laws to solve tragedy of the commons situations) ( therefor voters are self-interested agents acting as such). politicians try to pass the laws their voters want them to in order to keep their jobs and get promoted (therefor politicians also are acting in their own self interest).
get it?
(IDK why I keep teaching you... guess my life is more boring then I thought).
@_date: 2014-04-01 00:59:41
he'll probably get it as wrong as he got the "The Biggest Scam In The History Of Mankind" (which I refuted extensivly here:  bullshit, trying to get suckers to buy XAU/XAG from them with US$, (lol, they believe in gold/silver so much they want to sell as much of it as possible in exchange for US$, if you don't see the conman here, you probably deserve to be conned).
@_date: 2014-04-15 22:17:54
I don't understand what's so difficult or confusing to understand. you make rules in your house, if people want to be in your house they must abide by those rules. same thing with our countries, we make rules for our countries, if people want to be in our country they must abide by the rules we made.
what's so arguable about this? like I said the only question is the legitimacy of ownership, but once ownership is assumed it's dead simple to me.
@_date: 2014-05-07 12:40:32


so never get repaid, given there is no such thing as "Nobel Prize for Partying", thus they can never win a non-existent prize?
@_date: 2014-10-27 03:42:19


yeah, and the rest goes to US treasury, so it's owned 94% by government and 6% by all the banks in the country whether they like it or not, and they can't transfer or sell their share, etc. calling it as stock is just a manner of speaking because in reality it's a compulsive stake in a government body. 
no one in their right mind would call something like that (especially the 94% owned by governement part) a privatly owned entity.
@_date: 2014-02-08 18:15:46
the end should be also similar. should say something like:
*on 2013 BTC comes to smartphones, exept apple. you see why apple wants to be like 1984*
I'm bad with words, you get the point, something with that kind of message.
@_date: 2014-12-20 21:13:38
wrong. it's owned by gov, 94% of profits go to US treasury, 6% go to all banks which are obligatory shareholders when they become banks (and yes they have to buy their share). did you even do the most basic research, IE looking at the rules of the FED:  and the board of gov is elected by both the executive and legilative branches, not by bank onwers. are you living in such a deep cave that you never came across the info on how the FED works and who controls it, or did you just choose to totally ignore it, see a doc saying otherwise with 0 sources to back it up and straight up believed it without even verifying such preposterous claims?
@_date: 2014-03-23 19:25:12




people != money
@_date: 2014-04-22 20:29:09


THEY DON'T! THAT'S WHY i SAID "NO" IN RESPONSE TO YOUR QUOTED PHRASE "yet they somehow want a government that is altruistic ".
the only perceived contradictions arise from your inability to **PROPERLY READ AND UNDERSTAND WHAT I WRITE!**
THIS DISCUSSION IS ABSURD GIVEN YOUR INABILITY (TO THE POINT OF PATHOLOGY) OF RECOGNIZING WHAT I WRITE. SO I GIVE UP.
@_date: 2014-12-20 21:10:22
"chill out"? I'm as chilled as ever, anymore chilled and I'd probably fall asleep. I'm just providing contructive critizism and even a possible improvement. plus it doesn't matter if it's a comic or not, what matters is the purpose which is "an explainer for changetip"; IMO it doesn't accuratly and helpfully explain it. what is there to chill out over?
@_date: 2014-09-15 22:52:48
@_date: 2014-05-07 13:00:41
no: 
see what the trend lines used to indicate in past times? if you thought like that 2 years ago you'd think bitcoin would be worth 100'000$ by now (purple line).
@_date: 2014-02-18 15:06:55
not now, it isn't. it's a publicly recognized by developers and everyone else close to the core, a beta product. it's like the internet of the 1980.
@_date: 2014-10-27 21:39:34


thanks for that link, it's  a great explanation of the current state. I guess it's not surprising most people still think the FED is required to give profits to treasury given "most news coverage" says that, but it hasn't been so since 1933.


ok, I got it now, thanks for the correction. I didn't study economics so missinterpreted some of the language  used.


got it too. thanks again.


don't bother it's ok.
@_date: 2014-01-26 03:40:26
funy. he also says "unbuy bitcoin" at the end...
@_date: 2014-04-17 12:14:14


neither has the rest of the population consented to your ownership claim of whatever land you say you own. you don't own it sovereignly, you own it as a part of a country. so it's just your claim against that of the majority of the population. one is no better then the other, just a clash of wills. like I said the legitimacy of ownership is the tricky part, but you are in a tiny minority with your ownership beliefs. and so far you have not given any arguments for your ownership beliefs. you haven't even stated what they are.


it's implicit in your staying on the land that is owned by that country. if you go to someone's house, it's implicit that you agree to the rules imposed by the owner of that house. basic common sense.


yes they do say. but if you stay and don't pay taxes you are indebted to the country. if you when entering the country refuse to agree to abide by the laws, most countries would not let you in in the 1st place.
you should really think of the hypothetical scenario of a country being a big land co-owned by all people, and see that it makes as much sense as any other co-owned land. the owners make the rules, if you stay here, you must abide by the rules of the owners; do you not agree that the owners have the right to make the rules? do you not believe in property rights?


I did not sign an agreement when staying at a hotel either, yet it is implicit that while i stay at the hotel I abide by the rules of that hotel. same thing, if you stay on a land that is not sovereignly yours you naturally must abide by the rules of the owners. how is this not obivous?
@_date: 2014-02-06 21:18:57
this thread seems to address the real issue going on. it's not that there are too many transactions. they never have reached the 1MB limit. it's miners choosing to include fewer transactions to: after  their block being mined, transmitted to the network faster, so that it decreases the probability of another miner mining the same block at almost the same time, but transmitting it to the network before. (orphaned blocks).
someone please correct me if I'm wrong.
@_date: 2014-02-16 16:52:16
wau, that makes so much sense. lol
@_date: 2014-04-17 11:59:54
... sigh. aparantly we do not agree: assume is the sense of assume for the sake of argument! is that clear enough? if you assume or presume for the sake of argument, if you suppose, if you think of a hypothetical scenario in which: a country is owned by all it' nationals then it's dead simple; then even you (from what I understand your ideals to be) should agree with the current state (do you not believe a co-owned land should be governed by it's owners democratically?).
@_date: 2015-01-15 15:36:03
ya kind of deserted nowadays unfortunatly
@_date: 2014-03-12 01:24:55


@_date: 2014-04-17 19:47:52


yes, that's why I said: " one is no better then the other, just a clash of wills."


there are no definite ways. there are ways, those ways you mention with the court is the government, government enacted the laws that the courts rule on, and (republican) government is determined by a "big enough group of people", and uses force to enforce the courts decisions. you seem to be confused and contradict yourself...


how is that different from any other claim? all claims must be enforced (unless by some miracle everyone voluntarily agree to it). 
it's just your claim against that of the majority of the population, please acknowledge this at least.


again if your land is not sovereign, the law of the country supersedes yours. if your land is sovereign, then yes, it is implied; anyone entering a foreign land would do best to acquaintance themselves with the rules of that land. that's the same if you enter a  some foreign countries where you get death penalty for committing some minor (in our view) crimes; it is implicit that when you enter that country you abide by the rules of that country, you would do best to acquaint yourself with the rules before you subject yourself to that law.


IDK where, but it's self-evident; if you are not in the country how can you be subject to their laws? unless they invade whatever land you are in, they do not. countries don't invade other countries to catch criminals. they at best have extradition treaties, again, the law of whatever land you're in applies to you.


like I said, if you did leave they would not go invade the land your in to catch you. at that time some countries did forbid their citizens of leaving their countries (mine included until 1974) that is IMO what is illegitimate, because to forbid leaving is to claim ownership on the *person*, and that is absurd and should not happen for the betterment of humanity.
 besides that is no longer the case in republics, people in almost all countries nowadays are allowed to leave the country if they want.


... still doesn't enter your hard mind... government is supported by the people (the owners of land), so it's (indirectly of course) owners that initiate force.


being fine with it is not the discussion we're having, there are lots of laws I'm not fine with, but I recognize that it's the will of the majority of land owners. besides, boats must abide by the rules of the country on which that boat is registered. boats are not sovereign land.


what land are you refering to? all land had government since the land owners enacted a government on their own land or a country conquered another. does your whole argument boil down to being against invading other countries?


I never said such.


being good doesn't mean everyone would voluntarily abide by rules and pay taxes (tragedy of the commons).
again you represent your argument not against use of force or laws, only against the ownership claim of government (which is made of all the owners/dwellers of land in a country; is it not?) so why do the people living in a land that makes up a country do not own that land? did they not go there and homesteaded the land? did they not explore and discovered the land? did they not defended the land from invasion? 
**why are the nationals of a country not the owners of that country?**
@_date: 2014-02-16 22:16:08


still up for it? I just don't see anyway for me to get a good upload bandwidth in portugal, I don't know anyone that has fibre. the best I can do is we do a video conference but you'll see me at 2fps. and I still don't have a mic for the PC, that's why I suggested the phonecall, we can talk over the phone and see eachother through the video conference. or you can sponsor a mic for me, I've been wanting to buy one anyway... maybe contribute a few millibtc? but then we'd still have to wait for the order to arrive. your choice.
@_date: 2015-01-14 23:03:35


@_date: 2016-01-19 03:15:11


send this one back:  and highlight that linked site in there: 
@_date: 2014-12-03 18:40:39
yes, your point being? also I wouldn't call something done under threat to be done voluntarily.
@_date: 2015-04-23 20:18:40
old post, but you don't *need* a residency document, it's just that after 5 years you *can* get one as proof. in all EU countries you don't need a residency permit, that's part of EU law, freedom of movement and all that.
@_date: 2013-11-06 02:04:35


oh my lols.
@_date: 2013-11-15 05:45:09
the thing is, this is a great counterargument for those pro-coinlisting (or whatever it's called). why not ask bussinesses to only accept $ that pass the free of drug residues test? would also be much more effective then with bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-11-29 20:45:24
1st rome is totaly irrelevant to this discussion given it has so little similarities with our current situation (it was built on conquering, taxation, and yes, credit too.)
2nd there was lending going on long before a thousand years ago (basically since property became a thing).
3rd there's always need for credit, deflationary or otherwise. If I have no money, but a good business idea, no matter how much deflation there is, I'm still not going to be able to realize my idea if I don't have access to credit. (this is so basic I can't phantom how one could say there is ever no need for credit).
@_date: 2013-11-05 02:34:54
what about localbitcoins.com? (use escrow BTW)
@_date: 2013-11-01 05:10:36


you are, if you want to donate to the project; by donating, you're trusting he will contribute positively towards the stated goal, with no assurance whatsoever.
@_date: 2013-11-08 08:59:56
could government simply illegalize such services as coinjoin, darkwallet; and then by subpoenaing they'd find the one that used such a service?
On the other hand, it seems this supoening techinique is hopeless; how long does it take to do such a thing per transaction? 1 day? BTC transaction can be about 144 per day, how could law enforcement possibly track all that by asking each individual what he spent BTCs on? Am I missing something here? it feels like it...
@_date: 2013-10-31 00:05:39
I don't understand. 1st why is there change of a transaction to begin with, given we can send any amount (unlike physical cash). 2nd how would it send it to the ether, wouldn't it simply send it to a new address at that same wallet? as long as you can use the paper wallet to access a software version of it (import it to blockchain IE) one could check any new addresses created by the change transaction.
@_date: 2013-11-04 02:20:10
security knowledge is undoubtedly the biggest wall for non-IT-literate people to seriously get into btc, me included. I've spent more then 25hours researching and after all I'm still trusting bitcoin.de exchange with my coins because I trust them more then myself or my computer; but from what I've read, this shouldn't be the case, I shouldn't have to trust a unknown third party with holding my money, yet because self security seems far too complex ([IE]( and unknowing if my PC is somehow compromised, for non-IT-literate people like me or worse (like my (grand)mother) we still have to leave our security (and trust) in the hands of some (foreign) start-up mostly unknown corporation.
@_date: 2013-11-24 03:28:32


like bitcoin.de. they've partnered with fidor bank.
@_date: 2013-11-09 10:28:55
yep, this writer doesn't seem to understand much about economics of new tech. of course in the beginning, with just a market cap of barely 1 bn, it's going to have wild price movements, but as it clearly shows in price charts, volatility has been decreasing over the years, and will continue to do so as the market cap increases and people become familiar with it and hold their money in BTC instead of trading it. + the april crash was mostly fueled by a (fiat currency) crisis in cyprus. 
@_date: 2013-11-09 09:12:25
to all who are asking what is wrong with this image:
[here,]( have fun.
@_date: 2013-11-19 21:08:45
true for piracy, not for drugs. please explain how government makes money from fighting illegal drugs.
@_date: 2013-11-09 22:43:53


why 5 minutes? /:-|
@_date: 2013-11-29 20:36:20
intrinsic value includes utility (in BTC's case it's it's utility as money (exchange, storage, etc) but also includes all other value; like rules determining the functioning of the asset, governance of change makers (in businesses it's the directors CEO, etc; in BTC it's the developers, miners, etc), goals of the asset, and whatever other characteristics that affect the value of something.
It's distinguished from market value, which is simply the going price of the asset.
maybe helpful: 
@_date: 2013-09-26 00:32:15
since you got so specific about it, I checked [the definitions of gambling]( and depending on which meaning all those things you mentioned can be called gambling.
What the distinction I make is the putting up of money or capital to be either increased or decreased depending on the outcome of what one decided to put that capital on (AKA to bet with capital, for capital on a certain outcome).
@_date: 2013-10-17 17:48:13
TL:DR is there a summary of the 600 page book?
@_date: 2013-10-26 14:05:42


[I don't think you know what that means]( that would only work if bitcoin doesn't really have value, it would just create a "pumped" bubble that would pop when they dump, and the price would stabilize once again after.
@_date: 2013-10-26 06:01:30
anyway the only way to prevent it is to keep pumping fiat currency into it, so either way bitcoin wins.
@_date: 2013-11-28 20:51:32
1st downloading a client and get and transfer BTC to that wallet is certainly not as easy as securing those BTC.
2nd many BTC holders (more and more the recent ones) never even get a client; they simply buy from coinbase or whatever and keep them on online wallets/exchanges because they trust those more then themselves and their PCs.
@_date: 2013-12-20 15:30:29


what do you mean with true value?
also I fail to see how lower costs of mining result in lower BTC "true" value (whatever you might mean with true value). this would mean that the "true" value of BTC has been going down since the start, given cost of mining has decreased since the start.
higher difficulty increases the value of BTC, because higher difficulty makes transactions and the whole network more secure. if you think otherwise (as your title says), please explain how you think this.
also you contradict. if innovation ceases, prices of hardware might go a little down only because hardware manufactures will have smaller profits (more competitive as the hardware market stabilizes). but with inovation prices go down much more, it requires less $ to hash more.
and even if prices of $/hash in hardware still go down (albeit less then with inovation) that just means that cost of mining will decrease still, but less then it is decreasing now.
difficulty is negatively correlated with mining costs per hash. if costs rise, difficulty lowers, and vice-versa. dead simple.
you tangle yourself in such a bizarre knot of irrationality and self contradiction it becomes amusing to me to try to explain where you're wrong. :) 
@_date: 2013-10-26 01:37:08
for inflation and deflation you used different examples, the later would affect all people equally. on the inflation you used 1M$ on each household, on the deflation you used a % removed instead of a set quantity. as a % all money is worth more by the same % as was removed so it wouldn't change the realative wealth of money holders, it would affect money holders versus other assest holders though.
@_date: 2013-11-08 10:35:38
I'm not sure if you really believe that not in 100years will autonomous agents be able to replace creative jobs humans do, or if you just said that to... "reassure" the audience that people will still be able to work, or something of the sort. Because it most certainly will not take 100 years. creative work is nothing more then experimenting various different possibilities, and choosing the one that seems to most benefit; an AI agent would simply simulate various possible courses of action, and choose the one that most benefits it's main purpose.
Also, [here's a real world example]( even with today' low computing capabilities; where you can even see the creative process taking place, as the AI tries out various possibilities and ends up choosing one after some time.
@_date: 2013-09-25 14:28:56
not as good as the "pick a number from 1 to 10"
@_date: 2013-11-15 02:29:14
@_date: 2013-10-28 02:13:34
surely you're joking. email takes 1 minute. and understanding bitcoin in minutes? I don't think anyone that's not in IT could possibly do that. setting up wallets is fine, securing them is the issue. and knowing which kind of wallet is best also takes alot of technical knowledge.
@_date: 2013-10-27 23:04:44


because [this]( is far too complex for a non IT skilled person. I certainly don't trust myself to do everything right to secure an offline wallet, I can't even understand some of the things I need to do, let alone trust I'll do them right.


my brain is certainly not 100% secure, I can forget passwords, especially those complicated ones one needs to have to prevent bruteforce attacks.
@_date: 2013-11-10 02:12:12
I can't see that; where do you see that? do you expect them to go back some days later posting that they bought at 5-x?
@_date: 2013-11-30 01:22:45
it isn't now, but it might if things go on as they have and BTC overtakes all those other markets (if BTC has a higher electricity use per transaction). + I wasn't even arguing for BTC being an environmental disaster (which I think is an exaggeration), only that your reply is not valid as a counterargument.
you make a very poor attempt at understanding the situation.
@_date: 2013-10-25 16:02:05


no. just the interest rate needs to be lower (even negative).
@_date: 2013-10-17 06:05:27


like I said before it can be repayed. but sometimes it doesn't because the debtors don't manage to. but it can theoretically all be repayed without any bankruptcies or new money creation, just sometimes debtors make bad judgments and end up not being able to pay quick enough; but it's not an inherent quality of the system.


1st not all new money creates more debt. the banks are not obliged to lend out all they can until they hit the reserve requirements limits; 2nd but even if they do, that new debt won't necessarily be unpayable as I explained, debt is in theory fully payable; more easily so the lower the interest rate on that debt.
@_date: 2013-10-16 22:06:41
like I said:


money created by the CB does not get destroyed. the money that the CB earns goes basically to their respective govs.
@_date: 2013-09-08 01:33:38
And how do they plan to enforce this exactly? I don't see how they can, what with addresses being capable of being anonymous and all. How can they know how much bitcoin income I have? they can't.
good luck with that.
Also I wonder what this will do to governments in general, if people can hide their income, they can hide their taxable income, thus tax revenue can drop to near nothing if people only use cryptocurrencies like bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-10-17 02:47:32


conspiracy theories are easy to come up with; proving them is a whole other league. plus as I said, treasuries are bought and sold on the open market, you can buy a treasury bond. and banks would be taking a risk if it wasn't for gov/fed intervention to essencially bail them out if things go astray; that's part of why I mentioned the problem I have with the status quo is gov/CBs intervention.


maybe so, but it's the truth nevertheless. and the fed is not a private entity as I already explained. research yourself if you want, I even pointed to a fed website in my original comment. and I'll say it again (for the ~8th time ITT): the feds profits go to the US treasury.


you managed to contradict yourself in one sentence and misrepresent what I said.
~~I can't tell if your retarded or just very stupid.~~ I take this back, it was emotionally driven and not the best way to illustrate my point. sorry.
@_date: 2013-09-26 00:40:15
yes, they are also manipulated, but that's another issue, I meant that before the repeal of the glass-steagall only investment banks could invest in non-risk-free investments. After, people' deposits and insurance money could be invested in risky investments, which led to the financial collapse after so much of these supposed secure capital was lost in risky investments. It's specially bad with bank deposits which are guaranteed (up to 100.000$) by the gov. so now those deposits if lost by risky investments must be paid by gov. but if won banks keep profits. So losses are paid by the tax payer, while profits are kept by bank owners; where's the sense in that?
@_date: 2013-10-08 09:04:31
I'm guessing they are evicting them in violation of the rent contract, expecting the evicted not to take legal action because it would be too much hassle. either that or your right and the article writers are idiots.
@_date: 2013-11-15 10:19:53


exept if gov requires by law for all bussinesses to "opt-in". then BTC in USA loses one of it's intended usefulness.
I wonder if this would make them more or less valued... 
@_date: 2013-11-09 21:11:43
ama request for and none mentions his username so he can see this post? lol.
but AFAIK he doesn't know much at all about BTC protocol, given he said he had only about 0.05BTC to his name some days ago.
@_date: 2013-12-17 13:21:04
finally some sense. [I posted this]( a while but got downvoted by the see-no-evil circlejerking.
@_date: 2013-10-17 03:09:47
I'll just add this:
the world is corrupt and laws benefit the richest; but not as much as you think. and these red herrings are just making it harder and longer for us to get to the crux of the problems. I really suggest you check my claims for yourself if you are so interested in bringing some re-balancing of wealth and power from the richest to the rest; so you can start focusing on the real problems instead of misleads like the ones you believe so vehemently.
@_date: 2013-10-26 14:08:50
it would cause havoc in their own economy, why would they want to destroy their own economy? plus the more they buy, the more others will want to buy, they can't just outbuy the whole world, if they did, they would do that with any commodity.
@_date: 2013-10-17 05:24:55
see [this other comment of mine]( I hope it'll answer your question.
@_date: 2013-09-25 14:47:56
I don't think you understand what an investment bank is. they invest, thus they risk capital (often capital they borrow) by investing in things that might make them a loss, they are betting that they will make a profit in with their investments, but they might make a loss. If that's not a bet, IDK what is.
@_date: 2013-09-30 01:32:24


pfff. so what? it's illegal. ok, good luck enforcing people not to use unregistered wallets (from altcoins/forks if needed). solves nothing. illegal anonymous cryptocurrency use is as unenforceable as any encrypted proxied communication, if you can solve that one you win the internets.
@_date: 2013-10-26 00:37:07


sorry, I don't understand what you mean with this, plz explain? but anyway they could do that indeed, but why would anyone else accept their version of bitcoins once others know their version is unfairly favorable to them, they'd just be sitting on a bunch of worthless bits of info. and other miners would be the ones mining the accepted version.
@_date: 2013-11-04 23:26:06
it does help, thx. just 1 question, so the 2 BTC you send to your own address, goes from address x from your wallet to address y from the same wallet, correct? and if the wallet contains only 1 address, it generates another one automatically? then you have to check what the private key is for that automaticaly generated address? and, a more trivial question is, what determines which address the 2 BTC goes to? (much more then 1 question afterall)
@_date: 2013-12-07 20:22:05
april bubble did go straight down, then rebounded. but yeah, if we can learn anything from past prices 250 is as low as it gets, I would doubt it would reach that low, but would not be surprised either. it might even already have hit the lowest point at 576. I don't really care for trading, I care about +1 year price movements only. just wanted to say 250 is not surprising if it happens. BTW the 2011 bubble had a trend line much higher and the price went below it. BTW [here's another chart with several trend lines from past time periods]( I did for interest' sake (it's not well done, just good enough for me to understand)
@_date: 2013-12-20 15:14:53


because they and their friends made a fuckton of money by predictable (and caused by them) market fluctuations instead of steady boring growth. they have plenty of control, far too much, they just choose to use it to fuck everyone else over for their own personal benefit. they are the ones that say crashes were beyond their control, so people don't blame them as much, then they do things to "recover the economy" which in fact means giving alot of money to whomever they want, by buying the securities that they have a vested interest in succeeding.
surely you know that the richest became far richer during the recession then any normal economic growth time. they know the market will crash, they sell high, let it go down, then buy at the bottom and let the central banks pump the their prices back up.
they have plenty of control, they just don't use it for our good, they use it for theirs.
@_date: 2013-10-31 00:48:31
ah. so why are they called paper wallets, when in fact they are paper addresses? that's just unnecessarily confusing. + with paper addresses, then where is the wallet access info stored?
@_date: 2013-10-17 18:08:00


I'm not sure that name is used as another name for fractional reserve banking, but that video is wrong; it says the same thing as OP' video. look up fractional reserve banking on wikipedia; it explains what I said.




no. you're confusing things. banks by law are required to only lend out their fractional reserve amount (IE 90% AKA 9:1) of their money balance, as I've explained. what banks can get more leveraged is by borrowing more money to invest (which until the 1999 Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act only investment banks and alike could do, but after that deposit banks and insurance co. could to; which many think that contributed very much to the 2008 financial crisis); so those 40:1 leveraged (as I heard deutsche bank IE is at, or was that 60:1?) is what the bank is invested in with borrowed money. different things; one is lending with leverage (it's not realy called leveraged, I just called it so it might be easier to understand; it's creating loans money which gets destroyed after payment), other is investing with leveraged borrowing (which simply borrowing money and investing the borrowed money, with a certain ration of collateral (IE 40:1; you borrow 40 times as much as you have and invest those 40 times, while keeping the 1 as collateral; if your investment goes bad, you close your investment before or when you lose 1, and pay back the 39; this is if you can close your investment before losing that 1; if there's a flash crash, you might not be able to close your investment before losing that 1 and end up losing more then 1, thus you lose more then you have; and either become bankrupt or get bailed out, or borrow even more money if you can to hopefully live through the losing time and end up with a win).
the second video is also incorrect, read that wikipedia page I suggest if you don't believe me.
@_date: 2013-11-15 04:01:16
what about taking some BTC from the paper wallet? I heard something about having to take all the funds into another address, or something else with software wallet (import?)?
@_date: 2013-10-17 00:33:55


no. it trickles down, the problem is that it's new money, so those closer to the fountain (or geiser) of money get the biggest benefits (gov, financial institutions, stockholders), while those on the other half of the stream are all-in-all harmed by the inflation that hits before they get their hands on that new money. see [this other comment of mine]( for more on trickle down
@_date: 2013-10-27 13:50:36
I was referring to ease of use and security in general, not this specific problem; this one is just another example of someone bringing up a issue that non IT people don't even know if they should pay attention or not.
@_date: 2013-11-30 06:21:55
the paragraph starting with "if deflation is IE 10%" is the argument explained as best I could to you, it is also a rewording of what I wrote in my post in an attempt to make it easier to understand. the rest was addressing your specific issues/questions. I'm sorry I didn't manage to make you understand my POV let alone persuade you that it is correct; I feel I did my best and can do no better (maybe if you read the comments on my post...) 
@_date: 2013-12-02 04:36:46
1:00 BTC does not make loans for you, it does not choose what to invest for you. banks will still do that. BTC does not do conflict resolution with buying non virtual  products, something like an escrow service will do that.
12:10 references are not there (yet?)
14:00 which one is it, 50% due to shoplifting, fraud and other things or due to credit and debit cards? contradicting yourself in the same instant?
20:45 when you are satisfied? how does the blockchain know when you are satisfied, if it's not you telling it so? thus it's the same, it's still utterly dependent on your word. would make more sense if you say before hand that you will use the translation on [isert publicly readable website here], and when some scanner scans the website and sees the same text as the one that was translated, it releases the BTC.
30:30 plagarism? wouldn't that require an uncorruptable copy of every information that is to be protected from plagiarism? IE journalist puting all their articles on the blockchain? not to mention images and music and videos. where/how will these massive amounts of data be stored in a way that they cannot be changed later?
if it will not require this, then I don't understand how the blockchain can know the contents of such information that must not be changed after verification by the blockchain (digital fingerprints timestamps). anyone can help me understand?
overall gr8 1.
@_date: 2013-09-11 21:43:17
ya, I though about that later. but it could be another OS on a different storage drive that is only pluged in when needed, like a live cd, but not live, just a OS installed on a removable media.
@_date: 2013-10-25 13:11:17
thx. so if I understood correctly, if a hard-fork would happen, there would be doubled bitcoins created, there'd be 11M old BTC and 11M new BTC, and each could only be spent on their respective addresses, correct?
also there's a mention that there's a strong incentive for consensus instead of forking, that it would be suicide to have a fork because "every coin can suddenly be spent twice, once on each side of a fork." this doesn't seem correct, 1st it seems to suggest that there'd be the still only 11M coins for versions, 2nd how could one spend 1 coin on both forks if this was the case? AFAIK it would do what I said, "create" another set of 11M coins for the fork, but those could only be spent on the addresses that use the fork version. 3rd, why would this necessarily be suicide, or disastrous?
@_date: 2013-09-30 02:29:01
gold has plenty of uses (mainly in electronics) and bitcoin also has use and can generate revenue through use: it can be used as a currency (yes, that's a use, and not a very important part of our society and economy); and can be lent out to generate revenue.
IDK what you're trying to get at with this...
@_date: 2013-11-26 02:38:47
you take a pic of the licence plate without noticing there is no licence plate to take a picture of? do you usually not look at what you take pictures of? WTF?
@_date: 2013-12-05 12:42:28
you're not understanding what he meant. yes banks don't loan their depositors money, but given they have a reserve requirement for the loans they make, when depositors withdraw their money, that decreases their reserve, thus must either increase their reserve by other means, or sell the loans on to others. they cannot hold debt bigger then 9x their deposits. get it? if deposits decrease by half the ratio will not be 9:1, it will become 18:1, which they are not allowed to have.
@_date: 2013-12-05 15:10:41
woo' bum works at bob. I'm starting to narrow down what the profession of woo is.
@_date: 2013-10-17 00:31:15
no. read it again. the rest (the profits) goes to govs; I made no mention of "a nonexistent "balance"."
@_date: 2013-11-29 21:13:57
1st, apparently not as well as us. 2nd I think this is mostly ignored in islamic countries nowadays. 3rd they get by by dividing the responsibility of the use of the loan between the borrower and the lender. IE if I lend you money for a business start up, I receive a profit share of the startup (for some predetermined time) or lose my money if your business goes bust, or not gain anything if your business doesn't produce any significant profit. This is one way of making loans, but I see no good reason why we should remove the possibility of making loans with different conductions (given it's a voluntary trade by all parties involved).
@_date: 2013-12-12 19:24:05
also, I still don't see what non-mining nodes do that mining nodes don't. what matters having is plenty of full nodes, mining or not,  doesn't matter. and given there is little self-interest in running full-nodes for no profit, one really should not count on non-mining nodes at all, much less imposing artificial barriers of BTC growth to promote such nodes.


if you have to trust a single entity it's not decentralized. it's just various available options of which single entity you trust. it's not more decentralized then having various banks to have an account with.


oh, how?


makes sense, but my counterargument is that this will happen regardless of any artificial limits we code. as more transactions are included the cost of verifying those transactions rises which means the tx fees will rise, until it's not worth it to pay 0.50$ fee for a 2$ item, instead payment processors will cater for that small value txs. I understand the concern is that if costs rise mining becomes an increasingly big business operation, but I think we are very far from this becoming a problem, if it ever does. and I think we should focus on other ways of tackling this possible problem then trying to artificially regulate the tx market of BTC. (BTW I think this is one of the main (if not the only) reason for other CC choosing to use scrypt instead of SHA256).
the problem with artificial limits is that you have to guess what the entire market is like, and will do in the near future (until the next update). let the market in it' entirety which is much larger, with much more players and has much more self-interest driving for making the correct choices, instead of a few developers with no (or not much) self-interest in making the market efficient.
@_date: 2013-11-29 20:51:04


if you mean what is normally meant with "usury" [(the practice of lending money and requiring the borrower to pay a high amount of interest)]( then all the more reason to try and solve this issue, because in a deflationary environment, *only* high interest rates can be charged.
@_date: 2013-11-29 21:36:37


why not? people do that everyday. and there are people doing it with BTC too. I personally would like to lend BTC, but am not confident in lending it at such high real interest rates (the borrower is more unlikely to be able to pay back) so there are no options for me, or for those that want to borrow. I notice some use a USD denominated loan, but use BTC for the transaction; but given BTC high rise, I would probably be better off just holding my BTC, then effectively lending USD.
 I know it's designed to be deflationary, but I'm precisely arguing that it will either require another currency to cater for smaller interest loans, or change it to a non-deflationary currency; and if it is best to change it, I believe it's best to do it the earlier the better (making such fundamental changes to currency which is widely used... doesn't seem like a good idea, but maybe I'm wrong, maybe better to later make this change, but gradually...)
@_date: 2013-11-28 15:38:10
somewhat a good point, but there's a simple and good reason for the indivifdual being unwilling to do the conversion: not pay the exchange fee. one offers to pay with the coin one has, as opposed to convert it to another, because if the merchant doesn't convert it (instead pays something or someone with it) then both save the exchange fee; it'd make more sense for the merchant to exchange any extra coins (after spending the ones he can/is willing to) if they choose, then to convert coins for every single transaction.
But of course one would only accept coins that one trusts are secure, etc.
@_date: 2013-10-16 21:59:34


exactly. but that ideal is far far far far from reality. most market intervention IMO is just favoritism which leads to less efficient economies, and help politicians buddies that later give a overpayed consulting job to those politicians after the end of their term (look at greece/goldmansachs, UK/... I can't remember now which ones tony blair went on to work on more jobs that one man could handle for various big financial names in banking/insurance IE. the whole bank bail-ins IE.
@_date: 2013-09-26 12:04:29


ya, it's not even an analysis. I'm just mentioning that since the repeal of glass-steagall it was not only investment banks that could bet (and that allowed the crisis to happen) because you mentioned that investment banks also essentially make bets (albeit in different ways with different rules).
@_date: 2013-11-29 19:44:21
everything I said implies trust in my government, which the bank is accountable to. big difference. and making wild statements without any evidence whatsoever and ostracizing me for thinking differently does nothing to further your goals (assuming your goals are to promote BTC and promote banks), in fact it does quite the opposite.
PS: banks offer a service, just like any other business, and it's not a monopoly; a scam necessitates tricking the scammed; banks have contracts with every client, if banks breach the contract, people can take it to court; so unless you're saying the courts are part of the banking scam, your argument is invalid.
@_date: 2013-09-14 08:32:17
Anyone (especially those with skills in IT security) checked the vid from "amores" commenter on that article claiming he has info on CP criminals that use tor, and created something called the "deep web project"?
anyone can comment knowledgeably on it? what merit does it have?
@_date: 2013-12-17 13:56:33
given you're one of the few that make sense here, I suggest [this post of mine addressing the real issue of deflationary currencies.]( it's the lending market that suffers, and by consequence the economy at large.
@_date: 2013-11-16 13:53:56


that's odd. but I suppose it's ajusted as transactions increase in general? because if transactions increase, then there will be a lag in transaction verification.
@_date: 2013-10-29 23:18:17
that would be a game of cat and mouse, with lots of people losing lots of wealth as coins are made worthless one after another. seems like it would undermine all cryptocurrencies, and still be a very costly endeavor for that entity.
Seems to me like having one main coin that becomes too hard to monopolise is the best way. with regards to your thinking that it'll be likely I remind you that USA is not the only player in town, if USA would start gaining monopoly of the coin mining, other countries would/could get to it as well, it's bassically necessary to for one entity to spend as much on hardware as the rest of the world combined times say 10, so they would have 90% of mining hardware. I don't see any one entity being able to spend that much on mining hardware just to bring down one currency, with the certainty that another one would pop up in it' place in less then a year.
@_date: 2013-11-29 21:46:18
so effectively using 1 currency to effectively lend another currency or whatever is used as a deflation metric (a basket of goods IE). so that is 1 of the solutions I mentioned, but using BTC for the actual transaction.
But coming to think of it, this doesn't actually solve the issue. because given BTC deflationary status, I would probably be better off just holding my BTC, then effectively lending the other currency, or whatever other metric for deflation of BTC. IE I saw some loan ads denominated in USD price, so one is effectively lending USD, but using BTC to do it. but for the lender, if he thinks BTC is going to rise more then the interest asked, he's better off not lending. It basically doesn't solve the issue because the loan is IE 10% at USD price, but if BTC goes up 20% the loan is effectively -10%.
So using another currency or deflationary metric is only useful for when using BTC is easier to make the actual loan, but doesn't solve the issue I raised. 
@_date: 2013-09-14 13:18:51
where can we see the price chart?
@_date: 2013-10-29 23:59:30
it means to wait that the transaction is verified to be valid, by the mining.
@_date: 2013-11-08 03:24:42
why would GDP be relevant? what matters is the money supply; which coincidently is close to GDP (it was more then 60trillion in 2008, since the crisis it has increased some (as 1930197 has pointed, the US $ has increased about 50% since, IDK about the rest of the countries though, but at least 20% I'd say.) and it will increase some more, but lets say 70trillion. if BTC would be adopted instead of current fiat currencies, it would make 1 BTC worth 70tn/3.5bn= 20 000 times as much as now, so 6 000 000.
If this were to happen (that BTC becomes the substitute for all world fiat currencies) this would almost certainly happen in about the same exponential trend as before, so in about 2018, just 5 years. anyway, it's nice to make these calculations, but much nicer will be to see what really happens in the next 5 years.
@_date: 2013-10-19 04:40:38
what about drug gangs wars? private businesses waging wars with the money they make from their business.
@_date: 2013-11-28 20:28:35




with fiat, I lose the notes and coins I had on it, with BTC I lose all the BTC I had on it (which are typically more then in a fiat wallet).


with fiat I don't lose anything; I have fiat in a bank account, that requires a 1 time code sent to my mobile phone, so unless the hacker happens to have my phone in his possesion at the time of hacking as well, my money is safe from hacking. with BTC I lose ALL my non cold storage BTC.


this only happens for over 100.000 amounts because they are unguaranteed, the rest 100.000 are as secure as your government. with BTC exhcange runs in principe don«t happen because it's not fractional reserve, but the exchange can lose or steal your money, and there is 0 BTC guarnateed or insured from that, so fiat wins again.


with fiat, there are charge-backs, and bank accounts have names of people attached to them (not perfect but better then BTC, where:) BTC get scammed, lose your BTC, final.
creditcard and waiters, you should check your credit card uses regularly, and if you see unsolicited charges there's chragebacks, etc, that's obvious, anyway, none is obliging anyone using fiat or a bank account to use credit cards, you choose to expose yourself to that risk.
so no, BTC is far less secure then fiat nowadays.




you're retarded.
@_date: 2013-10-08 12:05:28
pfu, the sound quality is barely bearable. can't understand some things, and the rest requires effortfull tiring attention. their weird and variable accents also contributes a bit.
@_date: 2013-10-10 01:44:49
newb here; why is a tumbling device required? why is even the addresses required to not show transactions made to buy illegal things? if the addresses are properly protected, none can link those addresses with real people, right? so why hide those illegal transactions in the 1st place?
@_date: 2013-11-15 09:57:22


wrong. it's exactly the same. the value of something is it's price, and vice-versa; to say that the price is not the value is wrong (unless you're saying it's over/under-priced, are you saying that bitstamp price is underpriced? if not, then mtgox/btcchina price is not value in dollars like you calculate it, it's less then that because it's value is reduced by the difficulty of actually getting that price in time)
It would be like saying a 2nd hand car is the price at which it's sold in germany (cheaper the rest of europe and the world); which is obviously false, the price of a car in the rest of europe or USA IE is not the price at which they are sold in germany. only difference here is that instead of the added cost of purchasing a car from germany outside of germany being registration, transportation, etc costs, it's mostly the difference in price of BTC by the time you get your USDs from when was your sale.
TL,DR: value in $ is what they are worth (valued) in $, not what they are worth in goxbucks, or yuan.
@_date: 2013-12-11 15:21:40
I don't understand how bigger then 1MB puts other miners out of the market. because internet speeds? 100MB will take less then 10 seconds when Gbps fibre becomes common place. even now 10MB takes less then a few minutes. (why) is a few minutes too much?
also doesn't this "solution" of using 3rd party payment processors defeat the whole purpose of BTC; we're back to trusting 3rd party centralized authorities.
@_date: 2013-10-08 00:45:20
my thoughts exactly.
@_date: 2013-11-06 00:48:48
can anyone please explain what all this is supposed to mean? all I see is someone by the name of batteryfire did some bad deals with ASIC miners, how is this related to OP?
@_date: 2013-11-29 21:55:39
also addressing your question:
1st, I'm not saying we should have an inflationary currency, just a non-deflationary. optimally a currency would neither gain or lose value relative to goods and services in general, but this is impossible, so we should try to come as close as possible. but any deviance is better to be inflation then deflation, because of what I mentioned; while inflation only has the effect of devaluing the currency, which can be simply solved by holders of that currency lending/investing it at rates at or above inflation rate, the problem I presented cannot be solved at all.
2nd you would not, but that doesn't mean that it's best for society as a whole to have a deflationary currency. given having such a currency removes part of the lending market, such a currency would be less then optimally serving the market/economy/society.
@_date: 2013-09-12 02:48:09


or create a fork, like some have done, when the collective doesn't agree with you. that's what makes bitcoin into not the only cryptocurrency around. (that and some scamers trying to pump'n'dump some useless forks)
@_date: 2013-10-22 03:21:34
care to explain that causation? I don't see it.
@_date: 2013-11-01 03:55:17


and from what i understand this 2factor authentication with an app on a smart phone must lay trust on the developer of that app (is it open-source? can it make updates without your permission that might change the code?) and the smart phone can also (probably easier) be cracked to access whatever info that app has that allows the 2factor auth AFAIK. much better would be the SMS 2FA which sends a 1 time code to use for loging in and/or making withdrawals; that way if the phone gets stolen, the thief cannot steal the bitcoins, because no codes are stored in it; only if it gets cracked in a way that transmits the SMS containing the 1 time codes, immediately and uses those codes immediately to steal the bitcoins; and to prevent such a crack to occur, better have a low tech phone that (probably AFAIK) is not sophisticated enough to get cracked like that.


what's that?
also offline wallet explanation doesn't seem clear enough.
1st it fails to mention not to connect the live CD OS to the internet in any way.
at step 4 it fails to mention to write it down on paper, instead of on a text editor on the computer IE.
then at step 5 it just says import them as needed, without any explanation to what that means or how/where to import it.
+ In general bitcoin security is something that really needs to get simplified while maintaining the same level of security that a bank account has. I've been researching, trying to understand how to secure bitcoins for more then a month (on and off, overall ~25 hours of headcracking research) and still can't figure out what is what, and how is what, and caveats keep poping up (IE apparently there's something about paper wallets that don't allow you to send a portion of the bitcoins stored on them, only all of them, if you attempt to send some of them, you lose the rest, or something of the sort; which BTW is also not mentioned in this (probably unintentionally) misleading post).
+ Basically it needs a way to access it with something I know (IE a password) and something I have (IE a phone). and if I lose any of them or both, I should be able to manage to reassign a new password and phone in some roundabout way of proving I am me; and some other way that if I die my closest relative can gain control of the bitcoins (with the bank account this is the case; same needs to be with bitcoin before it becomes usable for most people)
@_date: 2013-11-15 10:53:41
not sure if sarcasm, troll, or ignorant.
@_date: 2013-10-17 18:09:40
speak for yourself. I'm just looking to know the truth.
@_date: 2013-11-15 02:36:33
how was that? mistake, or cracked account made to buy such a ridiculous offer?
@_date: 2013-11-15 08:10:21


choose one. if I am compromised, then the attacker has the same control as me, thus if I have total control of my funds, the attacker gains total control of my funds by compromising me.
@_date: 2013-11-06 08:06:37
1st it's not soon; you already can short sell and long buy with leverage at several companies that do this (search for BTC margin trading leverage) 2nd splitting or issuing new shares in stocks, makes 0 difference to the value of the company/shares, it's just better for being able to trade smaller portions of the company (it would be like increasing the divisibility of a currency, instead of 1 cent or 1 satoshi, you could buy/sell a fraction of 1 cent or 1 satoshi).
@_date: 2013-09-21 16:17:24
sum ting wong wit dat chart. it goes 375k; 750k; 1M; 1M; 1M.
@_date: 2013-12-05 13:53:25


what about internet access, don't you have to pay for that? and didn't you mention paying hosting bills, for your website?
I also would like to know where you use shower and toilet water for drinking.
Also, if you do it for freedom, why not live in caravan? a normal van from the outside, so you can park anywhere a car can, but inside, a nice bed, some water etc for hygiene. 
(my personal thing:)
I traveled some months in EU with tent and sleeping bag, but had some money for food, but got a bit burned after getting robbed once; plus I want the physical comfort now too much for the extra freedom of homelessness. I want to do the caravan thing in a few years, but I like fast internet too much as well, wifi I cannot watch videos or listen to music and still have to pay as much as cable internet at home. plus I would do it more for spending alot of time in country side away from urban areas, where there is no wireless internet, or very little.
@_date: 2013-10-29 21:40:42
I mean, if there are more altcoins, there would be fewer miners mining bitcoin, as some of them would be mining altcoins, thus it would take less PP to out-mine bitcoin miners; thus they could put the extra resources freed from not having to have so much PP dedicated to mining bitcoin, into mining altcoins; thus it would not make a difference.
and on top of it not making a difference, it would make it easier to monopolize, because the increase in miners mining one coin increases PP requirements exponentially (but this I'm not sure of), so if all miners of all coins distribute their PP among many coins, it requires less overall power to mine all those coins, thus it requires less PP to out-mine all those coins.
@_date: 2013-10-17 05:32:05
you seem tired:
you disagree that they are both inflationary then explain how they are both inflationary.


FTFY. also interest is not inflationary, it's just existing money in circulation; it doesn't make a difference in the money supply.
like I said, I agree that both cause inflation, but one much more then the other, for the reasons I've explained in my original comment.
@_date: 2013-09-14 08:23:34


?? where do you live that not only encourages that behaviour but also pressures people to engange in such??
@_date: 2013-10-17 02:41:35


wrong. the fed can and does creates dollars when buying securities. those dollars are not debt.


it does exist, there's plenty of dollars around. and the 1% doesn't magicaly disapear when payed to the bank. it's on the bank balance sheet. it pays stockholders, office leters, employees, etc.
even if all money was debt, it would still be payable, just that all money would disappear if all debt were payed. what you seem to say that not only all money is debt, but there's some debt that is not money; which is preposterous. if you can't understand this, you seriously need to gain some rational thinking capabilities (especially if you are invested in bitcoin).
I explained this plenty of times ITT, read some of my other comments if you care to understand.


you already said that all currency is debt. why are you repeating yourself?
@_date: 2013-11-30 13:26:34
Also I skimmed through your comment but having re-read it, there are some mistakes that I misread as what I would expect to be a correct answer:


from a lender POV there is incestive to make loans as long as the expected return on those loans is positive (expected return in this case is interest rate x probability of the loan being payed back). from a borrower's POV there is incenctive to make a loan as long as what he uses the money from the loan has a expected return greater then the interest rate (the expected return being lower in a deflationary environment).
given this, the next phrase of yours is true but irrelevant to this issue.
but anyway the same conclusion you made (about it being a good thing that low interest rate loans are made) is what holds the crux of our differences, and I have already addressed them in my previous comment.
@_date: 2013-09-14 16:21:17
my mistake, I had read "pressures to violent"... instead of "that lead to". It all makes sense then. all societies have pressures that lead to that behaviour, but most don't have... what I said in my post, except those that do the 1st and 4th of those things, especially the fetishization of violence, I don't think the 1st has a significant enough presence or nature to cause a signicant effect. in fact most more sexually tight cultures have much more early teen sex experiences and porn availability has shown to decrease incidences of sexual assault. it's just in EU violence has a cultural bad rap, we are always shocked with how it is somewhat glorified in USA, although I think it's becoming less over the years.
@_date: 2013-10-17 04:18:14
you seem to have ingored the rest of that comment:


there's a difference between increased money supply from bank debt then from increased money base (non-debt). debt is not just more money, it has to be payed back; increased money base does not. surely you can see the different effect that has on inflation.
everything else I agree with, and explained already in the comment when I stated:


@_date: 2013-10-17 18:24:47
thx for this comment. I didn't knew about the sweeps thing. and sure the shadow banking system is always there, but that doesn't affect the depositors money directly; only if the bank goes suddenly bankrupt because of all the shadowy investments; but even then deposits are insured up to 100k. although even this could not happen before the 1999 Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act, right? deposit banks could not engage in investments before that...
and reserve requirement still hold for deposits. the shadow banking system is other investments the banks do, not lending out. see [this other comment of mine]( on the difference.
but still, I don't know much about the shadow banking system, I'll probably read that wiki article which seems extensive enough.
@_date: 2013-10-17 00:31:36




only some securities are payed once they expire, most multiyear securities are payed payments every 6 months until expire date. and AFAIK the treasury pays owners of bonds directly, but that's not important, the money still comes from the treasury.


no the treasury doesn't print money at will (it just prints physical paper dollars and coins that need to exist in the economy as physical money). if the treasury/gov doesn't have enough money to cover their expenses they issue more securities instead.


well, that's another story. until the nixon shock all dollars were officially backed by gold. before that the fed (not the treasury) created more dollars then the gold they had that was supposed to back those dollars, when countries started seeing so many dollars they demanded the gold that their dollars were representing, but the US eventually said: no. and that was the end of the gold standard. (the maker of this video has a good video explaining this) read on it if you want to know more, but since then dollars aren't backed by anything.


no. the currency in existence is 95% owed to banks (which gets destroyed when payed back). so for every 100$ that people have, 95$ is owed to banks on average. so if all people payed back their debts to the banks they would pay those 95% of dollars to the banks, which then destroy those dollars, and people are left with the 5% of dollars.
@_date: 2013-10-25 15:09:30
we're already in the galaxy. maybe to Andromeda galaxy?
@_date: 2013-11-06 01:08:31


most people still don't know. there was some article some months ago that revealed cracked passwords for emails or something, and the most common ones were 1234; password; 1111; stuff like that.
@_date: 2013-10-17 07:36:31


you're mixing things up now. 1st we were discussing market intervention, now you're saying what the gov provides as services. those are 2 different things gov does. plus why would you think that free market doesn't provide health or education? never heard of private health institutions and private schools?


in that it's better then the alternative I've described following that phrase. deflation in itself is not bad or good. it's just price adjustment to reflect changing economic realities. like all prices change through time to adjust accordingly.
@_date: 2013-12-17 13:36:36
for buying/selling doesn't matter if it's deflationary or inflationary; what matters is that it is predictable. (if there's not enough buying because there's an higher deflation, it just means that prices are set too high; and vice versa for inflation).
but then there's the loan/investment market, in which deflation removes a portion of the investment/loans market. [I've explained this in this post.](
@_date: 2013-10-27 22:31:21
ok. so I still have to trust that this application, that runs inside the browser (that comes from blockchain), really does what blockchain says it does (I assume it's open source?) and nothing more; IE the app could actually be not encrypting, or maybe or the encrypting is corrupted somehow, etc.
*this subject really should get a reddit post of it's own.*
@_date: 2013-12-18 16:36:30
I guess it's a good time to start a bitcoin.de style exchange in china.
@_date: 2013-11-11 09:28:42
BTC correction is up, not down; until 1BTC=millions$ it's undervalued.
@_date: 2013-10-16 20:55:54
wrong. paying down bank debt destroys the original loan amount, not the interest. but that loan amount was created before, so it's just basically leveraged lending that the banks do. the money that the central bank creates (base money, that is used as reserve requirements by the banks) does not get destroyed ever. it is estimated that there's about ~95% of the currency in existence as debt.
also this video has numerous untruths which I pointed out in a long 13part comment on the youtube, and again [ITT](
@_date: 2013-11-15 07:20:34
This raises interesting issues.
IE would one generally accept money from a criminal (assuming one agrees that the action is a crime)? if so, that would be considered undue discrimination IE. So if you would accept money from a criminal, then you would naturally accept money used in that criminal activity? if not then you disagree with the crime, but not with the criminal.
another issue is the tragedy of the commons. If I personally don't accept money that was used for a crime (which I and most people in my society agree that such action is a crime) but others do, I'm putting myself at a disadvantage over those others; so it would really only work effectively if all people would abide by the not accepting "crime money".
on the other hand, if a substancial amount of people would not accept certain "crime money" and that "crime money" tag would stick, then that money would be deemed worth(-)less. but how would one determine "crime money"? if it's determined only after it's transacted from the criminal to a unsuspecting law-abider, then the inocent law-abider is the one "paying" for the crime of the criminal.
**anyway**, for this discussion to be anymore then theoretical masturbation, it should really be divided in 2: one for your $20 bill scenario, and another the cleanaddress scenario; because they have different aspects and technicals that make some things (im)possible in the other scenario.
Plus AFAIK the clean address thing is not about the BTC that was used in crime, it's about the criminal' money, no matter if that particular BTCs were used in crime or not; which would be deemed unduely discriminatory; and it would suffer from tragedy of the commons as a voluntary basis; and as a enforced law, would be deemed too discriminatory against criminals (basically outlawing criminals of using money).
With regards to the possibility of "tainted crime money", (for actions that most people agree is a crime), it would be desirable for society, but I fail to see how that could ever be implemented.
@_date: 2013-10-28 02:09:26


that's an odd way to think, just dissmissing a community contributed wiki on bitcoin security, with no reason given. I'm starting to think I don't care about your opinion on bitcoin security.


? what does that mean? export to where? and does this mean I'll have a file I need to protect? if so, I don't trust my self/PC to protect that file, why should I?
@_date: 2013-11-09 09:06:55
I won't fully explain how it really works, but I have posted a long correction list when someone posted the video from this.
[here,]( have fun.
@_date: 2013-11-30 01:10:35
same applies to their market sizes, so not a valid comparison. processing power per transaction volume would make sense, how do they compare in that regard?
@_date: 2013-11-29 22:26:10
I like your forward thinking
@_date: 2013-12-10 13:22:50




choose one
@_date: 2013-10-27 15:53:53




seems contradictory to me. so they can't physically access my funds or even the info on those funds (so better then a comercial bank) but they hold on to my passwords (?) doesn't that mean they can access my account with my passwords then?
anyway I think I need to read more on online wallets and the downsides of it, I just heard alot of bitcoiners be very vocal about not putting the majority of your funds on online wallets, because you'd have to trust some (often foreign) corporations with little legal protection to clients, with your funds; now I'm confused about online wallets. off to read more I go.
EDIT: from [this wikipage](




 I assume blockchain.info is a hybrid one from your description? it doesn't mention the word hybrid in the wallet homepage. 
@_date: 2013-09-14 08:24:41
I think SR' days are counted.
@_date: 2013-10-25 13:16:16
I don't see how that is possible? if it's forked the FBI just has to update their software to the fork version to make their bitcoins spendable.
@_date: 2013-10-25 14:04:45


because if it takes a few months to withdraw USD from gox, and withint those months the price of BTC rises significantly, you'd be much better off, just holding on to the BTC in instead of selling them on gox.
@_date: 2013-09-30 01:34:24


HA. I'm very sure +99% of those are in tax revenue. ATM feed compared to the entire black market of goods and services? HA (again).
@_date: 2013-10-17 20:04:43




wut? how did you jump to that conclusion?
@_date: 2013-11-29 21:08:17


this is were you're wrong. 1st for any free market advocate it is obvious that removing a possible voluntary exchange is bad. 2nd it's not a bad loan (*why would it be?!?*), If I have an idea that I predict will have a return on investment of 1%, then only borrowing at less then 1% would make sense to me, but the idea (if I'm right) would still yield a positive return of 1%, but I won't be able to actuallize it because there's no market for such low interest rate loans.
Your edit suggests that you recommend making loans denominated in another non-deflationary currency (which I suggested as 1 possible solution) but is that the best solution? why have 1 currency for small loans, why not just 1 currency for all loans? + doing that would decrease the value of BTC, why would one want that? on the other hand, maybe the benefits of having BTC as a deflationary currency at this point, outweigh the negatives. IDK that's why I'm posting this issue, here.
@_date: 2013-11-05 01:58:08


but old to IT. this info is useless to anyone that isn't into IT.
what is the best solution so far for non IT people? trust an online wallet with 2FA? this is what I'm currently doing (bitcoin.de).
@_date: 2013-10-08 01:48:29
what effect will this event have? what have they done in the past?
(yes, I is newb)
@_date: 2013-10-28 02:04:00
yes. of course I prefer having BTC then USD or EUR, that's why I'm here. I'm just concerned about the security side; with banks this is basically taken care of, I'm trying to find out how to do with BTC, as there is no clear best answer, and I hadn't come across this "hybrid online wallet" option before, which seems the best for non-techies like me that I don't trust to use "offline wallets".
also I have a maintenance fees free bank account (until 30yo; 1 + 1/2 more years to go) and buy everything in cash which I draw for free at the ATM, so I have no costs of bank account (until I'm 30yo) except if I receive or send money to outside EU bank accounts (which I never do) or max ~1 euro for internet shopping, which I do once a year or so. so the only downside is holding a currency with a real rate of inflation of ~10% nowadays versus BTC with deflation of... IDK how much next year but last year was pretty good :-)
@_date: 2013-09-25 14:42:44
ya, and not only that but with the repeal of glass-steagall, commercial banks and insurance companies were able to gamble as they merged with investment banks, result: the late2000s financial crisis.
And investment banks can borrow money for their bets, which makes it even more risky then casino gambling.
@_date: 2013-10-17 18:56:29


maybe so, but they are simplifications of false statements to begin with.


maybe so, but his points are incorrect to begin with.


hm.. maybe it does have that effect, but only if people gain an interest in that unearthing by watching this video (that makes false/incorrect statements); like I said: red herring that detracts us from the real problems.


you either didn't read or understand my objections then. theft is no more intrinsic to the system then theft is intrinsic to any government. and I did not refute or address that because that's common knowledge; government controls taxation and money; there's nothing new or secretive about that.


again, you either didn't read or understand my comment. BTW what is "THE problem itself" then?
@_date: 2013-10-25 14:12:00


that's not what pegged means. pegged is at a (near) fixed exchange rate, so not a free market exchange rate. you might want to use the word compared instead
@_date: 2013-11-06 06:19:01
how/where were BTC traded before mtgox?
@_date: 2013-10-17 00:32:39


? 1st savings accounts can't be withdrawn at will; that's what makes them savings accounts. 2nd unless I'm grossly misunderstanding what you mean, this action would be counterproducive to the bank. the banks want more money in deposits, not less, the more they have the more they can lend. by putting the money into accounts that are not subject to reserve requirements they are taking away the money that allows them to lend out new money..... unless you mean that it's during the day that the account balances matter, not overnight, but I think that's not how it works, in which case you should've said that the bank pulls money from accounts that are not subject to reserve requirements to accounts that are subject in order to loan more money on that extra money in accounts that are subject to reserve requirements. but anyway I never heard such a thing and other "tricks to get around it", where did you get this idea from, please?


from the creation of new money by the central banks. and I did say that bank debt creates inflation, just not nearly as much as the inflation from real money creation (money that doesn't need to be payed back and destroyed when it does)


what about the money that the central banks create? that is not debt, that is money that gets created into the accounts of the sellers of what the securities that the CBs buys in exchange for those securities. in other words, the FED IE buys securities (mainly treasury securities) on the market with new money that it creates. that money is new, is not debt, will not be destroyed, the sellers of securities don't owe that money to the fed, they sold a security for that money; it's their money now, new money.
@_date: 2013-09-30 02:40:17
billion rupees worth of bitcoins. 1 bitcoin=8,625 rupees. so a billionaire would have at least 115,942 bitcoins = 16,811,594$ still improbable for some indians to have, but possible.
@_date: 2013-10-17 05:40:32


well, to a certain extent. it doesn't just buy securities ad infinitum just because the gov wants it; that's why the FED is independent of gov, otherwise the gov in power could just print all the money they wanted in their term, and do as they please, then the next gov would be picking up the pieces, and could also just spend as much as they wanted; to prevent this is why CBs are independent from direct gov governance and there's a debt ceiling that needs a super majority to increase. So no, government doesn't in practice essentially print money. the CBs do.


I've responded this in the last comment to you (the linked comment to another comment of mine).
@_date: 2013-10-17 03:15:06


there's a market, as I said, open but not free. I said it was manipulated already, so I don't understand why you ask this question.


I have in my original comment. sorry if you didn't understand it.
@_date: 2013-11-30 03:49:44
excuse me, but you are clearly either trolling or have an appaling level of understanding of basic economics and finance to honestly belief what you wrote.
I'll give you the benefit of the doubt, and try to address your issues (the ones that are concrete enough to be able to answer briefly enough) (although I have little faith in it being of much use)


all the terms used, are well known terms, if you don't know them, look them up yourself (I'm not going to explain every word that *might* not be known to "laymen" such as yourself; also I reasonably don't expect people that don't know those terms to have a sufficient interest in the matter)
["best or most effective"]( learn2english, seriously WTF?


I gave concrete examples, sorry if you didn't understand it (or even that I did explain). I'll try in simpler ways:
if deflation is IE 10% (AKA if the value of the currency increases by 10% per year relative to goods and services priced in that currency; AKA if prices (of goods and services in that currency) lower by about 10% per year), and a loan has 1% interest rate, that means the real interest rate is 11% (because after 1 year the value of the money of the loan is 10% higher (AKA it is 10% harder/more_expensive to get that same amount of money). The result is that from a borrowers POV he is borrowing with 11% interest rate (he will have to get 11% more value to pay back that loan), but the lender is only getting 1% from lending his money. given the lender would never lend at or less then 0% interest rate, the minimum real interest rate (the rate of value that the borrower has to earn per year in order to pay back the loan) is more then 10%. this means there is no possibility for a borrower to borrow money to fund a project that has an expected return on investment of 10% or less. thus the currency cannot cater for a considerable chunk of the lending market.


I would think that it is obvious that it is preferable for all markets of voluntary exchange to be catered for. why? because people want it, and it does not harm others. do you need more reasons then that?


I don't understand what you're trying to convey with this. did you mean "exceedingly" instead of "exceptionally"? if so I disagree and have explained in my point above, why catering for as many markets as possible is beneficial to society (as long as those markets do not harm others no involved in the trades directly).


not arbitrary at all. I suggest you look them up in dictionary(ies) (same for any other word you don't understand the meaning of), I'm not going to be your english teacher.
@_date: 2013-10-16 21:24:19


not sure what that is supposed to mean (have you been watching too much TZM/TVP videos?) abolish money, but not private property and trade? then that's stupid, money is just a better way of storing and trading. abolish all PP and trade? how do you do that without a big state?
@_date: 2013-09-30 14:39:38


no shit sherlock.
to the rest: yes, so it won't really change anything. there's the legitimate registered wallets (equivalent to todays bank accounts, etc) then there'll always be some other cryptocurrency that is unregistered, uncontrollable (like today's bitcoin). The point is that registering wallets doesn't make things more controllable nor less controllable then today's state of affairs. it changes nothing, and stDemigod' worries are thus invalid. Get it?
@_date: 2013-10-27 14:44:10
ah, so it's not about having an unshakable belief, it's about having an unshakable belief in what happens to be true. big difference.
@_date: 2013-12-12 06:15:19
why is it important for non-miner nodes to exist. and why do such nodes exist at all; AFAIK there is no personal incentive (other then altruism, which really should not be counted on in the 1st place).
the way I see it, we should allow as much freedom as possible for the network to naturally cater for it' users needs, and let the market decide the price of that catering. limiting the options will only limit BTC' natural growth rate that it "wants" to have. and as I said their "solution" is basically not using BTC' inherent properties and go back to 3rd authority based transactions; this is basically saying, decentralized BTC (the main difference from existing online payment methods) will only really be used for 7 transactions per second, forever.
Also the blockchain will start to be pruned from the end as it grows. storage capacity simply is not growing as fast as the blockchain size, so sooner or later this will have to be done.
@_date: 2013-11-06 02:58:53
how did you determine it's OP? and even if it is, it doesn't seem prove the story is false.
@_date: 2013-11-28 15:46:09
no. how did you make that conclusion? it's still the same, just install an app (for the coins you trust) or let coinbase do everything (including choosing which coins are trustworthy if you so wish). If you're talking about the not-automatically exchange every coin in every transaction, one can/would automate exchanging whatever  amounts of whichever coins, whenever one wanted (at the end of the day, after paying suppliers, etc; or at the end of the week/month, after paying employees; whatever the merchant sees fit. I don't see how it is costly to start accepting new coins, much less costly then accepting new credit cards IE.
@_date: 2013-11-30 14:51:00


I did not insult you, I'm sorry that you think I did, it was not my intention.


I concur, but I'm not trying to win, and I fail to see how that part of my comment is any attempt at that, given it's not even an attempt at a counterargument, just a a notice.


I did not say you shouldn't be talking, I said "commenting on this" (commenting on something I thought would imply giving an opinion on what is; which should require some level of understanding about the subject matter (IE a highschooler in his 1st year should not be commenting on the issue as to what is best to do to solve energy needs around the world, given he has so little understanding on the issues)); knowing how much you know or don't know is one of the most important parts of learning, I was trying to explain how little you know to you, so it would help your learning. that's what I meant, sorry if that was not clear. (I would think that someone with so little understanding of economics and finance should not be telling others what they think is the truth about certain aspects of it; they should, if interested, pose their questions instead of assuming their opinion is probably right (because it probably isn't given of the lack of understanding of the subject matter. (sorry for the repetition and rant-like response but I just wanted to express my thoughts on this to make it clear my position regarding this))). 


either, doesn't matter for the purpose of explaining what I am explaining. yes there are many variables (that's why it's a probability, not a certainty) that does not prevent someone from making predictions about the future; everyone does this everyday, predicting how others will react is also very uncertain, but we do it everytime we interact with others anyway. we make the best predictions we can given our limited knowledge. it isn't possible to calculate those risks accurately, but it is possible to calculate some probability of outcomes based on what we do know. this is done everyday by all people regarding any plan with uncertain outcomes (not only in investment).


what's weird or unatural about it? if I build a house, I've created wealth. If I start a bussiness that does well, I've created wealth in the form of providing services/goods to people that want them. IDK what you perceive strange about creating wealth. and productivity rises are not more important: if I'm producing 1 house every year, but no more then 1 house per year is wanted enough to make it worth my while, I should not increase my productivity. if apple produces n computers, and can only sell n computers, any increased productivity will not be of use to apple. If I am generally content with my current level of productivity, then why is it important or even desirable for me to increase it (why increase something that is already at a good level? are you suggesting that we should have maximum productivity regardless of the wealth creation we already have currently? this only makes sense if you consider free time to be a form of wealth that can be produced: *that* is weird and unnatural) Also your response didn't address the important 2nd point I made; must I assume that you concede I'm right in this regard?


who said anything about worrying about anything? I just used that example to explain that credit is wanted regardless of inflation or deflation, which was your initial comment. I'm not sure what you're trying to say with this given it' apparent disconnect with what we were discussing. (you're just saying people should sell their houses for cheap/not buy houses and buy BTC instead. sure if BTC really is that good an investment then the prices of everything else will naturally fall. that doesn't change the fact that credit for positive expected return ventures is still wanted. or are you saying that given BTC is by far the best investment that we shouldn't make any loans? what about those that do not have money, but a good idea? as I already explained. why would you want to remove the possibility of people borrowing capital in order to actualize a project they believe is worthwhile, even with paying the interest of that loan? (I feel like we're going in circles at this point).
@_date: 2013-10-19 16:49:38
yes, but he seemed to be referring to an anarchic land, thus there would be no country army, just private armies.
@_date: 2013-11-11 09:23:09
near-instantly transferable to anyone in the world?
@_date: 2013-09-30 02:32:52
so to you lending $ is not an investment? buying treasury bills is not an investment?
WTF you on about, none of your comments make any sense, seems like you know nothing of either bitcoin or economics, yet you talk a lot and listen a little. are you 15yo or something?
@_date: 2013-11-21 13:18:33
all the slack you want. but we can still inform you, so you can do better next time; and correct the mistake (which you haven't done, at which point there is not much slack to give, you know it's wrong and don't correct it).
@_date: 2013-10-17 17:28:22


no. if money is deflationray that just brings the value of money higher over time. the price of money will just adjust acordingly. so instead of a coffee costing 1$ it costs 0.70$ IE, because you're expecting those 0.70$ to be worth 1$ in the future, from the merchants perspective it's worth it to ask less for the coffee, because he will have that money early in his account gaining value. with investments the same, instead of interest being 2% it will be 0% IE because when you get your money back it will be worth 2% more due to deflation. prices simply adjust accordingly to whatever inflation/deflation rate of money there is/perceived. 
@_date: 2013-11-09 09:07:39
yes, I can and have. no it is not accurate. I have posted a long correction list when someone posted the video from this.
[here,]( have fun.
@_date: 2013-09-30 17:49:20
well, my quote is not the whole phrase, if you look at the whole phrase it makes sense


it costs money *to* consumers, businesses, and gov.
@_date: 2013-11-29 20:39:27
good question. but that doesn't address the issue of not existing a market for low real interest rates. how do you suggest we cater for that market with BTC or another cryptocurrency? (surely you don't suggest using fiat for this market?)
@_date: 2013-11-05 02:25:10
my conclusion as well, after trying to understand the intention of it. lol.
@_date: 2013-10-17 19:02:24


ah, and if some people disagree, or change their minds later? what then?


eyeroll. so there's infinite water, metals, food, air, time, infinite everything; that's basically what you're saying.


[citation needed]
@_date: 2013-11-29 20:54:14


sorry for that.
and I recognized that


some people are only willing to borrow at 10% or 1% or even 0.1% real interest rates. if deflation is too high, those people don't have a market available to them.
@_date: 2013-12-01 19:29:51
[culture clash]( sorry you could/would not understand/believe me. from the POV from my culture I did nothing condemnable and your response is rather bewildering.
@_date: 2013-10-16 21:00:35
I've posted [this in the libertarian xpost]( as well, but thought it might help posting here as well:
this video is full of untruths. I've posted a 13 part long comment on it, these are red herrings, distracting us from the real problems of the fed/gov; here's what I wrote(check it out for yourselves if you don't believe me):
this is full of fallacies untruths!
2:48 taking a loan, doesn't necessarily mean stealing prosperity from tomorrow to spend it today. one can and should take loans if the benefit received from getting the money earlier as opposed to later, exceeds the price of the loan(the interest). whether the gov decisions of taking loans is adequate or not, is a different issue which is not about how the money system works. one﻿ can debate forever on the wisdom of gov deficit spending.
2:55 not only banks can and do buy gov bonds, anyone can, and most of the US gov debt (that is held by foreign govs) is held by the gov of japan and china (most of the US debt is owned by various US intitutions, the largest of which is the federal reserve, followed by funds).
4:45 this process does not indebt the public, quite the opposite. you seem to have forgotten about the gov bonds that the FED now holds; which when the gov pays to the FED those bonds the FED gets that money; which in case you didn't know goes back to﻿ the treasury (after covering the FEDs expenses). So when the FED buys gov bonds on the open market it is essentially creating money for the gov.
6:30 (this one I am not sure exactly how it came to be, but I know there's been a lot of regulatory laws that changed which allowed banks to invest more and riskier with bank deposits) banks have only been able to invest depositors money since the 1999 Gramm--Leach--Bliley Act; if such changes in legislation﻿ had not occurred the previous glass-steagall act would've prevented much (if not all) of the late 2000s financial crisis.
6:50 that's not how﻿ fractional reserve banking works. the bank does not lend out a fraction of the deposit. it uses the deposit﻿ as "collateral", meaning it can lend out newly created money 9 times that of the deposit. so for every $ in a bank deposit, the bank can create 9$ worth of loans to anyone that takes bank loans. those 9$ are destroyed once the loan is repayed, and the bank takes the interest on those loans as profit. then the bank is free to create a new 9$ loan.
the rest about the 100$ creating 900$ as debt is correct. the currency in existence in the world today is roughly 95% debt,﻿ which if payed gets destroyed.
basically banks are leveraged up to ~9:1, when making loans.
9:50 debt in﻿ principle does not create inflation, because it is a temporary increase in money supply; it's not a real increase. that extra money is debt, thus has to be payed back. it creates some inflation (people are more willing to spend more with debt money then no money at all), but not nearly the same as really increasing the money supply (the money that the FED creates) (people are more willing to spend money then money that has to be payed back (debt)).
12:45 interest payed doesn't disappear, that interest is still a part of the money supply. interest doesn't increase debt indefinitely, it flows through the system. as long as money is not destroyed more then﻿ is created, debt can always be repayed. not only that but the money supply is normally increasing with the FEDs newly created money when buying securities﻿ on the open market. that's what creates inflation, thus debt becomes easier to pay. if inflation is higher then the interest on the debt, then the creditor will have lost wealth from lending that money; and the debtor will have gained wealth from taking that loan.
13:20 false, there is about 95% of currency as debt. if all debt was to be repayed, there would be left about 5% of the current currency in circulation.
then at 17:40 yes banks hold stocks in the their regional federal reserve bank (it's all banks, not just some, it's not﻿ a closely regarded secret, to be a bank one has to own their share of stocks in their regional federal reserve bank), but as it says they get payed 6% of the profits. and the rest? it gets payed to the US treasury, it even says in the last visible paragraph on﻿ that image.
see the FEDs webpage FAQ on this question: "who owns the federal reserve" more explanation.
the problem with the banking and fed system is not any of what this video﻿ talks about. this whole video is a big red herring (maybe not intentionally so, but it is nevertheless) the problem is the level of secrecy that the FED and the ECB (and probably other central banks) operate. the so called "audits" cannot audit any of the really important stuff, so we don't really know what the FED/ECB are doing, who they are lending and selling/buying money to at what rates, etc. so we cannot see if the governors are really operating in our best interests or not. not even those that appoint the governors can or are even allowed to know what decisions the governors are making. (this is a oversimplistic description of the secrecy problem, but the fact is the governors are not allowed to disclose most essential information about the central banks operations, thus we cannot know if they are﻿ working for our interest or not).
another problem is that from what we can see the FED/ECB are doing things that benefit﻿ mostly the banks, the gov, and the stockholders at the expense of savings and everyone else longer away from the source of newly created money. (the further away from the newly created money one is, the less benefit one gets from it,﻿ until it becomes detrimental due to inflation; the 1st ones selling the things that the FED buys are the ones that get the biggest advantage then as that new money seeps into the rest of the economy prices rise)
the other problem with any market intervention by legal monopolies (gov, central bank) is that it cast insecurity in the economy: investors, entrepreneurs, savers, etc,﻿ cannot plan accurately because the gov/FED can change the state of the economy at will (at a fancy really). one cannot look at the economy and gain insight, because the economy can be manipulated by these monopolies at will; thus, unless one can predict what these monopolies will do and when, we are at their mercy
the result is that the economy has to follow the gov/FEDs policies like a flock of pigeons following the throwing of bread by a person.
that's all from me. hopefully people will read this and understand and stop focusing on red herrings﻿ filled with fallacies, and be able to focus on the real problems:
govs/central-banks' unpredictable (and for large part unknowable) interventions in the economy, which by and large serve the richest at the expense of everyone else.
@_date: 2013-10-17 03:37:59
fraud is deceiving others in order to gain from their misconception at their expense. so one could argue that it's fraud, given that so many people (including yourself) have misconceptions of how it works and are probably losing at the expense of those that know. but you'll have a hard time proving it's fraud (proving that it's intentional deception) given that none of this info is secret, it's all explained at the relevant sources, if people misunderstand the truth that's presented, is it fraud? it's only fraud if there's a intention for misunderstanding, how can you prove it either way? it can be as much fraud as just being wiser then others. being wiser is not automatically defrauding those less wise. (anyway got sidetracked here, I'm getting sleepy and I start rambling)
@_date: 2013-10-17 00:31:54
I don't know of any real world examples of zero gov market intervention, and there simply aren't enough studies on this matter; all one can do is determine some correlations, but in such a complex moder society, I don't think those are worth much (but still those correlations do show some positive one between some broad measures of [economic freedom]( and some indicators like [GDP per capita]( [HDI](en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_Development_Index), [life satisfation]( so I can't really show you any that either worked better or worse.
but from reasoning one can deduce that market intervention both promote less-efficient markets and insecurity in investors because one cannot make calculations of a market that is at the mercy of the will of gov intervention. plus it's a well known fact that favoritism occurs in gov intervention. don't you agree with this reasoning?
I really don't see how all of this is worthwhile just for the sake of "stabilizing the economy" which *would stabilize on it's own anyway*, just maybe not how gov would like it to, but it always does, that's just physics.
And I totally fail to see how human greed is a reason for market intervention. I'd say it's presicly a reason for the opposite; the greed of politicians, and their "friends" the corps that can and do effectively bribe them is a reason against gov market intervention.
@_date: 2013-10-17 03:30:51


right. i'm going to assume you're trolling now.
@_date: 2013-11-09 11:23:15
just USD and CNY, the others are different exchanges; you can see which in the address bar.
@_date: 2013-11-30 00:35:53
apart from [zen33' comment]( I want to add that despite that a deflationary currency would work, it would not be optimal for a society to use because it doesn't allow to cater for the low real interest rate loans market. [I made a post today addressing this very issue]( and was disappointed at the poor voting it got without any good counterarguments. I believe the sooner we tackle this issue the better, if we want BTC to become the main currency of the world.
@_date: 2013-12-18 16:42:08
classic pump n dump scheme. clever chinese politicians. they might even buy back when it's low, and re-promote then ban it as much as possible later.
@_date: 2013-10-06 15:05:13
not really. gov and law gives any currency deemed legal tender (taxes and debt must be paid and accepted by that currency) value. unless you argue that legal tender status has no value, if so you'd have to explain that one, because general consensus is that it does
@_date: 2013-12-02 13:56:10
glader is wrong. backing in the context of currencies means some authority promises to trade a pre-defined amount of currency for a pre-defined amount of physical commodity (IE gold). dollar was the last great commodity backed currency before the US gov retracted on their promise (after having printed far more dollars then they had gold to back them with).
It's still stupid to want a backed currency. who backs it? that someone essentially controls the currency. I honestly haven't thought how a decentralized currency could be backed, but I've heard from... can't remember who, that it's only theoretically possible, but practically highly improbable of succeeding, and it would destroy it's fundamental decentralized nature anyway. so no decentralized currency can be backed by something else. also e-gold (a centralized digital currency) was backed by gold, until they got shut down by the US gov for money laundering charges.
@_date: 2013-10-26 16:41:23


no. the only thing that harms investment and economy is unpredictability and intability of inflation/deflation, not the inflation/deflation itself. inflation/deflation is just adjusted for in prices of goods/services including loans. in a deflationary currency prices are lower the longer the benefit of the trade (a coffee will be basically the same, but a car will be significantly less, as will longer term contracts vs shorter term. as long as it's predictable, and preferable stable, (which bitcoin is much more so then current fiat currencies) the economy adjusts accordingly to the rates.
@_date: 2013-10-04 04:19:55
except in swizterland AFAIK.
@_date: 2013-10-17 05:49:54
well not never, but rarely, yes. and it's been going more then ever with all the QEs especially the ongoing, no defined tamper date, 85bn/month one AKA QE 3 AKA QE infinity. it's a shame how much power government has, yet the people that supposedly own government (the citizens) let it run at the benefit of the select few at the expense of everyone else because of ignorance/stupidity/laziness. oh well, I guess whatever comes on TV nowadays is more important to the masses. that is until they get fired and default on their mortgage etc.
 as the some other guy said:


    and I didn't speak out because I wasn't a communist.


    and I didn't speak out because I wasn't a socialist.
  &gt;Then they came for the trade unionists,
    and I didn't speak out because I wasn't a trade unionist.
  &gt;Then they came for me,
    and there was no one left to speak for me.
evolution, survival of the fittest, natural selection, carries on doing it's thing.
@_date: 2013-11-30 04:37:03


because I want you and others interested in BTC to understand this issue, the more people and the sooner we understand and address this issue the sooner and better it is for the intrinsic value of BTC and it' success as a global currency. + I like explaining/teaching/debating things to/with others, it is good for me to practice explaining my thoughts and generally exchange conflicting opinions about facts so as to arrive closer to the truth to/with others so I become better at it.


wrong. 1% is the predicted RoI. the possibility for error is already factored in (IE there might be an idea that if successful gives a 0.01% return, but the probability of success is 100 out of 101; thus the predicted RoI on average is 1%. conversely if there's an idea that if successful gives a 1000% return but only has a probability of success of 1 out of 1000, the predicted RoI on average is also 1%) as long as the "expected return" (is what I should have used instead of "predicted RoI" but I thought this would be more easily understandable to you) is positive there is good reason for making it. if a bet has 1% or even 0.01% positive expected return it is rational to make such a bet.


1st 3 percent is doubtful given wealth creation is normally more then that. 2nd in that case one still would not be able to finance projects with an expected return of less then 1 or 3 or whatever the deflation rate is.


what do you mean?
@_date: 2013-09-27 16:05:48
what an idiot article; basically saying that uninsured deposits are not safe. well no shit sherlock, that's not news, that's a fact since ever.
And the poland case couldn't be called a bail-in because the pension funds are not going bankrupt, it's the gov that is, so they re-nationalize the private share(50%) of the obligatory pension funds. (the obligatory retirement contribution (like social security) goes half to state pension funds and half to private ones, so they're making it 100% state pension funds) This is the only one that's wealth confiscation (but I still haven't seen a confirmation that it will really be confiscation instead of buying, anyone?)
@_date: 2013-11-27 22:02:05
real nerds don't celebrate arbitrary anythings.
@_date: 2013-10-25 13:14:56


AFAIK it would be the +50% miners that would win. not the holders, that would be a proof-of-stake system instead of proof-of-work.
@_date: 2013-11-21 13:01:56


you got it wrong. £ does none of those things, your bank does. BTC does a lot more then £, and as of now. if you want those things, any bussiness is free to offer any service a £ bank does.
@_date: 2013-11-27 21:02:16
true, but starting to accept another cryptocurrency will become as easy as installing an app on your computer, and you'd even be able to enable the option to automatically convert certain CC into others as you receive them. it's not this easy now, but it's just some programming away from becoming this easy.
So if client says, "can I pay in xyzcoin?" merchant, yeah, ok, let me just intall the app"; less then a minute later, done.
or better, coinbase just starts adding cryptocurrencies, thus anyone using coinbase automatically can use all CCs.
@_date: 2013-12-01 23:18:29


not to play devils advocate here but, BTC has lots of advantages but this is not one of them: you can do the same with a normal bank account, instead of QR code or public address, bank account details for bank transfer. so I don't think this will get to the news.
@_date: 2013-09-18 15:17:07
9%? 7%! not 9. 1/5 is 20% so that leaves 7% more then expected from random guessing.
@_date: 2013-12-05 15:50:48
I don't get it, here (in portugal) people can't do anything with SSN, so unless he had your credit card info or other info that would enable stealing money from you (which he hadn't otherwise he'd just take money that way) he couldn't do anything. what would spreading such info do in your case?
@_date: 2013-10-10 02:42:14


ah, I thought it was quite easy. localbitcoins IE allows that quite easily AFAIK. only identifiable record is a bank transfer from the buyer to the seller, but no info on what that transfer was about. plus even in your case, if gov knows I bought bitcoins to address X in mtgox (thus X is related to me through my mtgox purchase) I can then send them to address (or even wallet) Y which is not connected to any personal info. it could be mine, or it could be anyone else'. from that Y address I could safely buy illegal things without that address being provenly related to me; seems pretty obvious or am I missing something?
@_date: 2013-10-27 02:07:48
just wanted to say, this kind of complicated things is what keeps me (and I assume many others) away from bitcoin for so long (or forever). it really needs to get much simpler if we want this to be adopted massively.
@_date: 2013-10-29 19:59:48
if mining would become centralized due to the vast majority of processing being in the hands of a few (very unlikely) couldn't bitcoiners just stop using that version, and develop a version that renders the current hardware in the possession of the monopoly mining entity useless, IE by making it need processing that cannot be done by that hardware basically blacklisting certain type of hardware of mining? anyone know if something of the sort is possible?
@_date: 2013-11-15 02:30:38
I think they'll be waiting forever for such a "correction".
@_date: 2013-09-14 08:20:08


yes they are. if you were **absolutly** free you would be free to IE escape to secure places, to make somthing secure, or even to create a secure alternete reality. but if you are absolutly secure you are not neccesserly absolulty free, but you would have absolute security to expand your freedom, without risk, so eventualy you'd have absolute freedom.
I prefer the peace&amp;liberty then security&amp;freedom, but both are essencially one thing, but with 2 sides (of the same coin if you will)
another way of thinking is freedom frees you up to increase security, and security protects you from the dangers of increasing freedom.
@_date: 2013-09-30 01:25:42


where is that? never seen it. only some sporadic events, but all in all, we're far more egocentric then altruistic AFAIK.
@_date: 2013-12-03 19:04:26
I would if I trusted them to secure their coins, I don't trust myself to secure my coins much less my friends that are far less techsavvy then I.
@_date: 2013-12-02 15:31:53
50BTC in a year working at a bowling alley? must be some bowling alley.
@_date: 2013-11-15 04:07:41
I said **such** a correction, one that goes to such a low price as you said. of course corrections occur, they have occurred every time there was significant price drop after a rally, obviously, so I don't know how you could think I meant that corrections don't occur ever, given one look at the BTC price graph of the last year shows undeniably that it does.
@_date: 2013-11-10 00:19:47


that'll just make it slightly harder to buy and sell BTC, one could still use a service like bitcoin.de where you transfer from your bank account directly to the seller of BTC, and the "exchange" only does basically escrow service (+ with info on bids and asks, + holding BTC with them if you want).
@_date: 2013-11-07 16:40:42
because if the deflation is high, it would mean negative interest rates. (as I explained) if deflation is 20%, and given that no one would lend money for free, the interest rate from the point of view of the borrower is at least more then 20%, but a lot of borrowers would not borrow with such high real interest rates (interest rates that have included the deflation rate in them).
IE if I borrow 1000$ at (even a small) 0.1% interest rate per year, but the value of those 1000$ goes up by 20% a year, it means it will become harder (more expensive) for me to earn those 1000$ as time goes by (20% per year harder); so effectively the loan is costing me 20.1% per year, but for the lender he is still only getting 0.1% benefit from lending it, so would not lend at less then that.
the result is that it removes the market for borrowers that are only willing to borrow for less than 20% effective/real interest rate per year.
@_date: 2013-10-08 10:32:00


because that is national debt AKA government debt. not private debt.
@_date: 2013-10-17 05:22:17


yes, but as I stated, I think it's a bigger problem for heavy gov market intervention then for freer markets.


wut? 1st wealth is good, do you not agree with that? second HDI also has education and life expectancy factored in. 3rd life satisfaction is the one you mean that is correlated...etc instead of HDI; and life satisfaction is reported well being, if that's not relevant IDK what is. 4th I clearly stated it's too complex for those correlations to be worth much (not sure what made you write such a nonsensical paragraph). 


I posit that smoothing it out makes matters worse. it helps those that made too risky a business choices, thus also promotes it; it prolongs market inefficiencies. I really think it's not worth it, but I'm sorry that I can't provide proof. nobody can in today's complex economy, that's why there's no consensus on the level of market intervention that should occur.


yes, there is: deflation. if the market happened, in recession periods prices and wages would drop, etc. it's like that saying from jaque fresco about the great depression: (something like) the factories were all still there, the farms, the workers, the warehouses, everything was still there, but there was suddenly a depression because they didn't have enough money. it's ridiculous. if there's not enough money, it means the value of money goes up relative to all the other things, to adjust for supply/demand equilibrium; instead the state decides it's time to intervene with loads of new money creation that it chooses to put into certain areas of the economy but not others, which causes [the trickle down effect]( of benefiting those closer to the source of new money and harming those furthest away and savers as the new money causes inflation; and creating market distortions.
@_date: 2013-11-06 07:40:36
let me put it this way:
with BTC price going up what is your incentive to use fiat to purchase something, given you could use it to purchase BTC instead?
as [chriswilmer said]( "It doesn't matter at all" what currency you use to purchase something.
with regards to having only BTC and other currencies not even coming into the issue, the same logic applies as why should you buy a computer, the fiat currency nowadays goes up in price relative to computers too, so apply the same logic to non-computers. [as flailing_junk said](
the real question is with the price of BTC going up, why would anyone lend/borrow BTC? if deflation is too high, there is no market for lending, (IE if nowadays some people borrow at 12%/year, and the inflation is 2%/year, then the real interest is 10%/per year; but if deflation is IE 20%, then the real interest rate is actually 32%, so people would likely not borrow with such high real interest rates. only if the real interest rate was IE 10% (as it was with a 2% inflation) would people borrow, but that would have to mean that the interest rate asked by the lender would have to be negative 10% (10% real interest rate = 20% deflation + X% lending interest rate &lt;=&gt; 10%-20%=-10%) of course none in their right mind would lend money to get less of it back latter, so... problem... (for now) some people are still willing to borrow money at such high real interest rates, but it removes alot of the lower real interest rates market that exists with a non-deflationary currency. 
@_date: 2013-09-08 00:46:49
Tis a good point. But I don't see how gov. can prevent people from exchanging goods and services anonymously with bitcoins anymore then through cash-in-hand exchanges. except in bitcoins case we can transfer "bitcoins-in-hand" from/to any internet connected PC, not just physical hand-to-hand.
@_date: 2013-09-11 01:32:43


wouldn't 2 OS installs in the same computer suffice?
@_date: 2013-10-16 22:04:23
that only makes sense if the only source of money for you is borrowing money. if I take a loan at 1% interest, and invest it in something that gives out 2% value, I get a 1% value profit.
@_date: 2013-12-02 03:24:01


no. I only think you are wrong on some things, the things I discuss; I see little point in discussing things we both agree on. and I most certainly don't believe you can only learn from me, I can and do, with every word you wrote that I read and respond to, learn from you.


I certainly did not say that. I said everyone, me, you, them, can learn from anyone else when that anyone else expresses their opinion on what they think the other knows.


teach yes, win no. and learn yes too. I'm trying to increase both of our knowledge. If I did not care to learn why would I ask you any questions? why do you believe I have closed off my mind, that I just want to teach and win, not learn or listen? just because I was not convinced by any of your arguments doesn't mean I don't want to learn, or know the truth. in fact even if I'm not convinced by your arguments I'm still learning from you, I'm learning how you (and thus others) can/are_likely_to respond to my comments IE. I did not simply ignore your counter-arguments, I was unconvinced and explained exactly why I was unconvinced. this is not not hearing you, it's not only hearing you, but also addressing your points.
I give you my word that my intention is only to learn and teach the most likely truth; never to win.
it seems to me you simply refuse to believe my statements about my intentions, and I posit that if you imagine I am genuine and reread my comments you'll find that my intentions may very well be that which I say they are, and that my actions are not inconsistent with those intentions. only that you are not used to seeing others have these types of actions with those same intentions.
@_date: 2013-09-30 14:46:16
well, if you own bitcoins and keep it in a bank, you're collecting interest. just like anyother currency. thus owning bitcoin is an investment. plus given that bitcoin is by it's very nature a deflationary currency, just holding bitcoins is an investment because they gain value over time.
@_date: 2013-11-09 11:38:42
@_date: 2013-11-09 11:52:42
difference in price increase in last month of [BTCchina]( and [mtgoxUSD](
@_date: 2013-09-24 22:52:39
Central banks buy bonds on the open market, not directly from the government; [source: Open Market Transactions
The Federal Reserve conducts open market operations with primary dealers]( by doing this they are: 1: pushing up the price of gov. bonds (thus the gov can sell them for a better price) 2nd  increase the money supply in the economy. 3: decrease the inter-bank interest rate (the interest rate that banks charge each other for over-night reserve money lending) 4 increase the central banks balance sheet, thus ultimately it' government revenue; and some other effects happen, like those gov. bond dealers and their trade partners, get richer relative to others because they are the 1st ones getting the new source of new money (if you want to know more about this see [this comment of mine explaining the trickle down effect]( and yes, the central banks excess profits go to the governments. [source1:The net profits and losses of the ECB are allocated among the euro area NCBs]( [source2: Fed sent record $88.4 billion profit to Treasury last year](
@_date: 2013-10-17 00:45:18


except in central banks case, they didn't have the money to loan, they create it. so getting payed back for the CBs is profit. this is regarding the times that they do create new money; sometimes they just buy securities with money they already had in their balance sheet.
@_date: 2013-11-30 07:29:50
can't close the den for snowden. can't close in snowden in the den (not even with 10 feet of snow a the door of the den). snow can't close the den for snowden nor close in the snowden in the den.
TL,DR snowden has practically guaranteed access in and out of the den.
@_date: 2013-12-03 15:17:45
thx for getting back into discussing. I was very tired when I 1st read this, and some points were quite hard to think clearly about so I had to finish it later (now).


because it's better then no return at all, and just letting inflation eat away at your savings. you might think that other investments that promise higher rate of returns, those with a positive real rate of return, are too risky.


? the interbank interest rate in western world has been less then 1% for most of the time since the financial crisis.
house loans are often at about 2% or even 1%, with inflation over 3% as it has been, these are less then inflation interest loans. (I'm sure there are other examples.


yes, and your point is? investors still have to and do make a calculated guess on the probability of their investment' expected return. and if that calculated guess gives an positive expected return of IE 1% or even 0.1% then it's reasonable to make such an investment, (unless of course you can find a better investment then 1%, if so, good for you, but sometimes, some investors cannot/willnot find any better then that. in fact most people putting their money in short term savings accounts receive about as low as 1%, (not higher then inflation), but for them it's the best investment they can make in their situation.


ah, yes, basically leveraged positions were closed thus, money created from debt, was destroyed. and thus when I said wealth wealth creation normally being higher then 3% I was including that wealth creation that is not really wealth, and can get destroyed withing milliseconds. good calling, thx for the correction. this also makes me wonder, what the real rate of wealth creation is, and how could one possibly find that out...


well except for short-selling and pre-orders that don't get actualized. but in general, yes, but I fail to see why you state that.


ah, I looked it up, and indeed this is the norm; I thought you meant productivity as products produced; which would be the common sense meaning for that word I'd think. efficiency seems much more adequate for that meaning.


here it is, for what it's worth:




I fully agree that inflation creates higher demand for loans. but you were saying that deflation eliminates demand (although you seem to have changed your mind on that), which I don't agree. I agree that people would not buy such houses with loans if holding on to BTC gives a higher rate of return. but neither would they buy a house with cash, given that holding on to BTC gives a higher return then what they would save on rent. Nor would they buy or invest in any other thing that does not have as high an expected rate of return as holding on to BTC. Anyway your talking about a deflation rate of 32965.93% per 2 years; which won't hold if BTC becomes the main currency, which is the situation I'm talking about. and talking about the current situation would lead us into other conversations that I don't think are as relevant. 




**this is what I still don't agree with.** *why would only business ventures with less then the deflation rate expected returns be worthwhile?* they will indeed not attract investment, but not because they shouldn't, only because deflationary currencies remove the opportunity to get funding for such investments. those projects will be deemed not worthwhile not because they are not good projects that contribute to society, but because holding on to the currency is more profitable then spending it on such projects. I think you would agree that holding on to currency is not as beneficial to economy and society as a whole then realizing projects that provide goods and services to individuals even if those goods and services only give a less then 2% improvement. improvement is improvement, no matter how small it is, it is desirable.
@_date: 2013-10-27 22:43:40


one does not give payment details to websites, it's done through some bank API the website owner doesn't have access to. I didn't get all the details, but remember when I considered setting an online shop that the shop owner had to "sign up" with some official(ly endorsed) 3rd party that dealt with bank payments. And I don't see what physical shops can do with the card I use.
plus with the bank itself, my deposits are insured by the state up to 100k so... I don't see a problem with trusting banks with small enough amounts. I don't see a trusting problem with money in banks unless they go bankrupt in which case it takes months/years to get the money from the insurance back, but that rarely ever happens.
@_date: 2013-11-15 05:15:52
am, I had [a conversation]( earlier, about the "change" of a transaction that goes to some new/other address, that one needs to access the wallet in software to be able to access the "change".
So from what I understood, one **must** import the entire wallet on which the paper address is, and transfer the funds wanted, then tranfer the change of that transaction and any other extra funds of the original paper address, to a new offline paper wallet.
@_date: 2013-11-26 03:44:04
fiat != legal tender. fiat money is government issued money, that is legal tender, but has no commodity legally backing it up.
@_date: 2013-12-11 11:16:32


isn't this limit ridiculously low? so far there's been one block with already 1/4 of that limit, right? so if before the next update, in a sudden high volume block (like a serious price crash or so) what happens if it's bigger then 1MB? just some transactions are passed onto the next block? I hope so. but still, why such limit?
still I fail to see why have limits at all. also on the number and size and value of free transactions; *why limit the possible options?* isn't it a kind of "it's for your own good" -mommy; thing?
@_date: 2013-10-16 20:58:36


that's what those terms mean. the less black you are the more white you are; same as the less capitalist you are the more statist you are.
@_date: 2013-10-27 13:58:01


oh. if you say so. IDK. did you see the wiki page I linked? you don't think that is complicated for someone that is not IT literate? it has to be as simple as emails before people adopt it en masse, it has to be simple enough so that my grandmother can do it securely; do you think it's anywhere near that level of simplicity?
@_date: 2013-12-02 15:55:37
I would have thought that they are enough to rebalance this sub, but I honestly have no idea how many elders or serious bitcoiners there are on bitcointalk.
@_date: 2013-11-17 09:33:46


correct, not an untruth, but a misleading omission, it gives the impression that only banks have the privilege of taking part of this "scheme", which is not true, anyone can and many do; (but as with all big financial transactions they must occur through a financial institution, such as a bank or a mutual fund) 


choose one. either it adds to our debt or it makes us money (seriously WTF are you on about?).


So not only disagree with me, but also the video? [here,]( educate yourself minimally before attempting to "correct" others on the subject.




lol, wut? again, choose one. debt and loans are just to sides of the same thing; this statement and the other oxymoronic statements of yours exposes how little you know about what you're talking about.


couldn't find a straight citation, but it's determined from fractional reserve requirements around the world (which are on average about 95:5) so for every 5$ banks are allowed to create an extra 95$ as loans, thus 95:5 debt to currency ratio. And I fail to see why you said that you demonstrated what you did (which also disagrees with the video (in case you didn't realize)) or why you demonstrated it as a reply to that which you quoted, given it doesn't disprove this ratio, or that which you replied to 1st. *Although I guess I understand why you said that, it's true that* **technically** *even if more money is destroyed then created, that the debt is payable, but in practice not really: if money supply dwindles significantly, money becomes harder to come by, thus a lot of debt becomes unpayable for many (as happened in the financial crisis, there was more debt then currency* **available** *to pay it with) I recognize that this was not clear at all in my comment, and thank you for making me realize this.* (BTW [Here's the best "citation"]( I could find, it shows the currency % is about 5% in USA relative to all the other money in circulation)


so government subsidies are now a crime?
@_date: 2013-10-17 17:42:54


no. this is where you're most mistaken. the treasury issuing securities is just borrowing money from the market. it say: borrow me 1bn$ and I'll pay you back with x% of interest over y of years. it gets that money from whomever is willing to lend the government that money. what the fed sometimes does is itself buys those securities (indirectly, through the secondary market; second hand securities) which if bought with newly created money, increases the balance of the fed (the fed gets money for nothing); and the profits of the fed go 94% to the treasury, the rest divided by all the banks in the country.
this might seem over complicated but there's reasons for it; simply put the reasons are so that the current government can't just create money for itself at will (that would (and has in the past) destabilize the governance, because each government would have an incentive to create too much new money for itself) and why the fed doesn't just buy directly from treasury is so that it buys at market prices, thus affecting the whole lending rate of money. (although I'm not very sure these are the (main) reasons, but they are some of them)
@_date: 2013-10-27 15:08:12
the wiki page I linked obviously disagrees with you. and so have many other prominent bitcoiners I hear talking, and so have many other bitcoiners that thought they had it safe and got them stolen or lost.
and as simple as bank online interface? are you kidding? I don't need any software installed for that, I don't need to store and protect any files for that, all I need is a password or two. how/where can I have and use bitcoin with just a browser and a couple of passwords? as I said all the documentation shows it's far more complex to use it securely than that.
@_date: 2013-10-25 16:00:55
if you think that might happen then loan at -x% interest then (with a minimum time for repayment of course). interest rate is simply the price of the loan, if that is the case it just means the price is too high.
@_date: 2013-12-18 17:07:03
the tears or the coins?
@_date: 2013-11-28 20:05:57
lol, hard to take a security advice from someone that goes by that name.
@_date: 2013-11-19 01:20:11


please explain what that means. I only found vague meanings about people that travel alot, etc.
@_date: 2013-10-08 11:21:49


LOL. who actually believes this? I'm certainly paying taxes for fear of gov repercussions. in case you didn't know tax avoidance is illegal, and you will be [dispossessed of everything you own and remain in debt until you pay it, with interest and penalties]( (which can be forever if the interest and fines gets too high)  and [there've been people that even served time in jail for willfully not paying taxes]( and in some jurisdiction if you die your inheritors will inherit your debt.
@_date: 2013-12-07 18:37:22


[doesn't seem low to me.](
@_date: 2013-11-21 13:08:46
not sure you get how the state works.
@_date: 2013-11-09 21:34:22
how can I make a chart with this regression line?
@_date: 2013-11-15 10:56:43
must feel like rather bad at this point, lol.
@_date: 2013-11-15 01:51:28
BS for short? nah no nope
@_date: 2013-12-01 19:13:22
but why do you assume the rest of the economy would necessarily get 2% return from those resources? are their ideas better then mine? that's just better ideas, and the market of loans takes care of that, if another one has an idea with 2% expected rate of return instead of 1% for the same resources, they will be willing to pay more for those resources and able to get more funding because they can pay higher interest rate. are you saying that because average growth rate is 2% that only projects with a higher growth rate then the average are worth accomplishing? don't you see the impossibility of that? average rate of growth is precisely average; some ventures give a higher others a lower rate of return. if only higher then average expected return rates are done, that pushes the average rate of return higher, catch 22.
lenders will always choose the loans that they feel are best, this is irrespective of average growth rate. some resources can only return 1%. others more. others less. the free market will always try to choose the ventures that are most worthwhile, irrespective of average growth rates or loans market or whatever. but the more choices the free market has, the more freedom it has to choose the best choices.
@_date: 2013-12-01 22:06:01


what does it have to do with then? I suggest you re-read it if you don't recall, and (it is my "opinion" that) you will see that your whole post was about exactly my phrase: "I'm sorry but you obviously have no good understanding of finance at all to be commenting on this."


I never said you were stupid, just ignorant on this particular subject. why should is be insulting to point out the ignorance of the people you are debating? how else do you tell them they know less then they think they do? and I already explained the benefit of knowing how much or little we know. If you believe you know, there is no reason for you to change your mind, thus no learning can occur; receiving the opinion of your debating opponent on your level of understanding of the subject gives you insight into the perception of your opponent of your knowledge, and thus can better understand where your opponent is coming from with his statements/arguments.
And I never claimed to "know" anything, much less about you, I have however *opinions* on what I perceive to be the most likely case. anytime I say, and all anyone else says, their views on things, it's always their opinion. we only say we know when we have 1st hand direct experience of a phenomena; (IE I know the sun rises in the east, I have seen it myself many times).


best I can tell, I agree with you. but there are cultures where people appreciate others for calling out on their own ignorance, given that it helps them realize how little or much they know about a subject; or at best it gives them knowledge about what other people believe oneself knows. which is what I did (again I never called you stupid).
 I'd say every knowledge is valuable, and should not be taken as an insult. an insult to me is calling someone names with no sensible meaning, just for the negative connotation of those words (like calling others cunts, dick, motherfuckers, assholes, fuckhead, bitch)
**I really hope you come to forgive me for any upsetting I caused; I really do mean when I said that I never wanted to insult you (or anyone else in fact); and I have the best of intentions towards you.**


western europe in general. (a mixture of portugal, UK, Ireland, and netherlands) me and parents lived long years in all of these countries. but countries have many cultures within them, so it's not much use for this issue we're discussing. and of course, more and more, the internet (which itself also has many cultures).
@_date: 2013-10-17 02:07:13
the tresuries are sold on a open market, but their price is manipulated by the fed, when it decides to buy them or sell them.
the banks will never be able to make the purchase at the desired price because they have to buy it at the market price on the open market and sell it at the market price to whomever is willing to buy them. the fed does not buy any and all treasuries that the banks throw at it, other wise the banks would simply buy all treasuries and sell them all. and even disregarding all this; the statement you make:


makes no sense. think about it.


(that comes not only from taxes; it also comes IE from the profits of the fed, as I explained already)


because congress says so. it has monopoly of legal tender creation.


I already explained in my original comment the problems I see with the current state of affairs.
@_date: 2013-11-09 08:47:34
if you're not into IT the respones you got might not be very useful, so I'll say what I say to my friends and family:
BTCs function (from which it derives it's value) is as money. the value of money is derived from it's ease of storage; transfer; divisibility; fungibility (all money units are the same), hard (or impossible) to fake, and limited and predictable supply. the reason why BTC is great and is gaining value over popular currencies like EUR USD etc, is it's better at **all** these things.
another (debatable) advantage is it's independent from governments, and decided by consensus of the people using it (specifically the miners). this is very attractive for those that disagree with (late/current/near-future) government intervention in economic matters (especially in money matters)
now if you know why it is so, you must research alot and understand a fair amount of IT and economics/finance stuff.
@_date: 2013-11-22 00:39:09
not sure you get it. BTC or no BTC, the state operates in it' way so it doesn't matter what happens in a few years.
I also made that comment to show how little such a phrase mean without more context; just saying that the protocol acts differently from what the commenter seems to think, says nothing about how or why the commenter is wrong about his comment.
@_date: 2013-10-29 21:14:50


I know forking, but normally a fork could just be adopted by the miner monopoly and carry on. the question is if a fork can have code that prevents certain hardware (the hardware the the monopoly owns) of participating.
and I don't see how many altcoins would solve anything, the monopoly could just as easily mine those, what's the difference? less processing power required for the 1 main coin because it's more distributed among various coins, so they put that freed-up resources into mining the other coins. fact remains that coin mining requires hardware, that can be out-bought, no matter how many coins there are. In fact many coins would seemingly make it easier to monopolize, because it would mean less processing power is required to make the same amounts of transactions. with just one coin, the processing power required is all put into one coin with all miners dedicating their hardware to the same coin, it requires more hardware to out-power all miners combined, then several groups of miners each mining their own coin. or better put, it takes more processing power to out-power all miners working together (all miners mining the same coin), then all miners working separately (mining several coins)
@_date: 2013-11-09 22:41:54
I don't think one needs to spend 100's of hours examining all that. just the facts that it's a open-source protocol and that if most people don't like it, they can simply create a hard-fork, thus maintaining their BTC in the version they like; seems sufficient to show that it *can't* be a scam.
@_date: 2013-10-25 16:23:12
but they are speculating regardless. if they hold USD instead of BTC they are speculating on the value of USD vs BTC. as long as you hold one currency you are speculating, intentionally or not. sure, they'll lock down profits in USD. if that's what they want, then good for them. but the fact remains that they will have lost wealth in USD relative to BTC by doing so, could you really say they profited by selling BTC at price x, and then the price goes to 2x?
@_date: 2013-11-02 03:26:58
ya, and the article isn't really the conception, given it had to be conceived of, before writing it.
@_date: 2013-10-17 04:54:24


so you actually meant to say: all money is *principal of* debt.
what you maybe are alluding to is that currently there's more debt then money in existence to pay the debt. IE if reserve requirements are 90%, that means the banks can create 90$ for every 10$ base money through the ~~various~~ several loops of loans and deposits. but if the total interest needed to pay those loans is IE 50% that means the bank will want to get payed 45$ on those 90$ lent out. but there's only 10$ so not enough money to pay those extra 35$; that's your question/issue, right?
1st that extra money is not payed in one go. so IE 10$ of the extra interest is payed so far (seems like no money to pay the extra 35$), but those 10$ get used by the banks into the economy (paying wages, rent, stockholders, etc) and sooner or later get back into the hands of the debtor as they work and earn money (hopefully; the debtor might not earn enough and go bankrupt thus defaulting on their loan); that same 10$ circulates as goods and services are traded, and are used again to pay the debt.
2nd, sometimes it does happen that debtors don't have enough of their own money to pay the interest due at the moment; there are several ways that it rebalances itself: new money creation by central banks; defaults on the bank loans part of the repayment just doesn't get payed (debtor bankruptcy); bank bankruptcy.
hope that explains it. also thx for putting this question this way; possibly more people ITT that I've conversed with have this question/issue; but I hadn't realized that this was their issue. hopefully those possible others will see this response.
@_date: 2013-11-01 02:51:56
I understand the 2nd paragraph, not the 1st. it still doesn't explain why "you send the entire $20" instead of just $2. if there's 20 in the wallet, why not just send 2 of those 20?
@_date: 2013-11-01 05:16:15


wouldn't they not really need to raise funds for 4 months of software development, given they're sitting on untold BTCs (like 100k or at least 10k) from "a long time" ago?
@_date: 2013-10-27 01:36:22
implying more coins being mined equals benefiting it.
@_date: 2013-09-30 02:41:38
Me too, when reading it from your quote (I didn't read that part of the article) before I read your comment.
@_date: 2013-10-25 16:55:02
how did they seize the BTC? couldn't the criminals simply have them in private walllets hidden away somewhere? maybe they only seized the fraction of BTC that the criminals had at the exchange address?
@_date: 2013-09-21 22:08:42
well it might just be one of the owners.
@_date: 2013-09-18 21:00:08
ah, yes, I didn't think trough. thx.
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:35:20
satoshi is everywhere, it's a AI from outerspace, or somthing ridiculous as such.
@_date: 2013-09-28 03:53:30
what's a "very own"? shouldn't it be her own?
@_date: 2013-10-27 03:42:59
better that, then losing it all because IDK what adequate measures to take to protect my coins. I tried to read the [wikipage on securing wallets]( and if anyone thinks non IT professionals can deal with that, they're sorrowfully deluded. then there's might be still other unknowns unknowns about security.
@_date: 2013-09-24 14:43:04
who is we? the ones that pay interest to the central bank are those that sell debt to that central bank (banks, etc).
@_date: 2013-11-30 03:02:23
maybe you're right, but all your words are just that, so I'll have to just take your word for it.
@_date: 2013-09-14 07:10:31


so "the two factor auth" (from the title) didn't save anyone?
@_date: 2013-11-29 23:53:57
if they do, then they were never really friends IMO.
@_date: 2013-10-16 19:33:48
virtual currencies != decentralized cryptocurrencies.
I still think the biggest threat to bitcoin style currencies' value is gov heavy regulation, that would basically illegalize most of the benefits of bitcoin as we know it.
@_date: 2013-11-26 03:24:11
on the right track, but not quite.
[I've explained this before:](


@_date: 2013-11-28 20:41:39
the value of remaining BTC going up because of lost wallets (not stolen ones, which are also related to security requirements, and I venture to guess that there's more BTC stolen then lost) is far less then the value going down, or not going up, due to bad publicity (and stolen BTC are also bad publicity without adding any value to the remaining BTC). So improving security for all BTC users drives the value of BTC more up then the little value added to those other BTC holders due to few BTC that get lost. thus improving security to all BTC users is beneficial to all BTC users.
@_date: 2013-11-15 08:50:59


... but why would they not include a transaction that has any amount fee? it doesn't take longer to mine a block with more transactions then fewer, right? 
@_date: 2013-12-02 15:09:17
mmm, I'd argue for the exact opposite; if bitcointalk.org ceases to be, all the more knowledgable "elders" that frequent more there will contribute positively towards this subreddit with their wiser wisdom, and bring some serious discussion to this sub counterbalancing all the "meme upvoting noobs" here.
@_date: 2013-11-30 03:11:34
I'm sorry but you obviously have no good understanding of finance at all to be commenting on this.
 a simple fact that throws your weird ideas about how the economy works or is supposed to work (and I'm copying from another comment ITT, so you should already know it):


to furhter make it clearer, using your example of buying houses; if I buy a house and I save 10000$ in rent per year (because I'm not paying rent, I'm living in the house I buy with credit), even if I don't have the savings to buy a house out right (BTW saving for a year or two to buy a house outright? lol)  I can and should borrow the money to buy the house as long as the interest on that loan is less then 10000$ per year in total. I would save whatever the difference is between saved rent and interest payed.
@_date: 2013-10-17 00:34:26


yes. so what? the one that bought from your investment is that someone else, IE, if I invest that into a business, that business provides a service/goods, makes a profit from it's revenue, and some of that profit goes to me, the investor. the clients of that business payed my 2% when paying the business for whatever service/goods (say a pizza). money circulates.
@_date: 2013-11-15 06:15:44


I said "I *think* they'll be waiting forever for such a "correction"." not that it's impossible, just unlikely.
DDoS attacks? haven't exchanges learned their lesson after that, plus they have now more capabilities for hiring services like cloudfare and incapsula, do they not? [BTC china IE was DDoSed in august but incapsula made the attack useless.]( I expect any such big exchange to have decent protection nowadays (but like I said, not impossible, just unlikely)
@_date: 2013-10-08 21:30:59
implying I want a complete absence of government.
@_date: 2013-12-06 12:26:30
who? in what respect?
@_date: 2013-11-26 04:49:33
this one and [others]( don't mention it being government issued, but given all fiat existent is government issued it might be implicit; (but maybe not, maybe there can be a theoretical fiat money that is not issued by government). 
this one doesn't even include the necessity of legal tender status: 
@_date: 2013-11-04 02:55:59
I had already seen this video; IIRC it doesn't explain my question; if you know it does explain, if you could reference the time at which it does so, I'd appreciate it.
@_date: 2013-12-05 17:36:50
sorry, it does not. I pressumed you were countering his argument that they need the depositors money to maintain their existing loans. you were only correcting him in what money is lent out. again sorry and thx for responding making me realize my mistake instead of simply downvoting.
@_date: 2013-11-15 05:20:08
yes, and other smaller bubbles are just 1x off; which shows the uselessness of trying to predict future short term price (like when the bubble pops/"correction" occurs) from past prices. it's fundamentals determining the price movements, not technicals.
@_date: 2013-10-30 23:40:19
@_date: 2013-11-09 10:43:17
with BTC those not-actual-transactions are far greater though, given all the BTC moving from same owner addresses. with USD IE one normally doesn't transfer much from 2 accounts owned by oneself. to be in line with BTC it would be somewhat analogous to transferring money from my pocket to my stash at home or bank account ATM withdrawals IE.
maybe a better metric for amount of transactions are BTC days destroyed, but that's also not satisfactorily accurate
@_date: 2013-10-16 21:49:57


no. gov debt is not the same as bank loans. gov debt is treasury bonds (AKA gov bonds AKA gov debt AKA public debt). people, institutions, and foreign govs buy those treasuries (AKA lend money to the gov). the gov later pays back the debt with interest to whomever owns those bonds (the bonds can be bought and sold).
the central bank creates new money when it buys securities (IE treasury bonds) on the open market. when the central bank gets payed the debt payments on those securities, it keeps it in it's balance sheet, and after paying it's expenses it (in USA case: pays 6% dividend to all the banks in the country, then rest of the profits goes to the US treasury) (in euro zone case just pays profits to all the national banks of the euro zone, which then can give to their respective govs) so paying back gov debt does not destroy currency.
the debt that gets destroyed is only the bank debt that gets created in the fractional reserve banking system (90% of money supply where fractional reserve requirements are 10% as in USA/EU); other debt is just money that already exists that gets lent out, that doesn't get created when lent out nor destroyed when repayed. so (assuming the 90%/10% reserve requirement situation) if all debt were to be repayed and no other debt would be created, the money supply would shrink to 10% of what it is now. but that never happens while the fractional reserve system exists, because banks will always lend out as much as they can (at the market price of loans); so the result is that at any time the money supply is about 90x more then non-debt-money due to all the debt money from bank loans in circulation.
@_date: 2013-11-30 07:08:39
wau, you really are either very stupid or trolling. the premises and conclusions are there (syllogism includes premises and conclusions BTW). I don't think it's worthwhile pointing out every premise and conclusions I made one by one (like teaching a small child basic reasoning), given your demonstrated lack of understanding up to now coupled with your serious lack of understanding of essential english words.
@_date: 2013-11-08 10:11:54
you are forgetting the part where those agents that send profits to the human owners/creators, have less for themselves to operate; thus market forces will make those agents with the least profits going "out", the most successful agents; until profits going to humans become so small, they are essentially negligible; or even non-existing, if some people decide to give up their profits for whatever reason.
@_date: 2013-11-04 20:33:52
1st, I did not say you don't have to trust anything; just that the security can be improved; as IE bank account security is better then bitcoin.
2nd it can be better then bank security If IE a bank account that has all it's current securities, would not hold power over your money, I would not have to trust them with my money, nor myself with security; or if IE a hybrid wallet (like blockchain.info) that cannot access your coins, would have a way for me to show that I am the owner of the wallet if I lose my password and phone, this would result too. or if bitcoin.de instead of actually holding my coins, would just provide the current security features, it would also work.
with regards to the computer, it could have a system that even if the computer is compromised and I'm inputing my security data on a false website IE, or the address I put will not be the address that the blockchain will receive, one could have a system where the receiver would be able to check if the transaction really did go to his/her address, instead of some other one, and only when the receiver confirms that he will receive the transaction to the correct address does the transaction occur; + one could instead of the receiver having to confirm, a second device (IE your phone) would do that; anyway the point is to have 2 (or more for added security) confirmations form different people/devices that the transaction info is correct; like this only if all people/devices are compromised by the same malware does it become a problem.
@_date: 2013-10-27 04:22:17
to add to my previous comment:
