@_author: jonyglaz
@_date: 2018-01-06 12:17:53
Your depiction has put a smile on my face. Your truth is overwhelming that I can somewhat experience your elation and dread, your joy and fear. One wonders how it would feel to have your life changed in an instant, and through this expression it is quite surreal. I really liked your writing style, almost like 1st person writing, as if I'm in the story. Your story is alive even though you mention that this was never about you, whether you like it or not Andreas Antonopoulos has a story to tell. One of much criticism and dismay which peaks to become a story one would only think would be found in fairytales. With having said that I admire your optimism and hard work ethic in conveying your message to the masses about this new found technology and the importance of it in society. You are a social being using your skills to connect people by building bridges from old school world view thinking to a whole new world of possibilities. I applaud the Bitcoin community for recognizing you, not only by social support but financial support to. Ethical and well informed people willing to share information freely for the benefit of others, this is true humanism. And for that I say, "Give that man a Bitcoin". 
"Another day, another Bitcoin" 
@_date: 2017-12-10 14:51:50
But what if you collaborated with others in an attempt to make "Ripples" in the ocean of crypto currency. With platforms such a Reddit which was created by the same freedom fighting genius that can be pooled in with the likes of Edward Snowden, Kim Dotcom, Julien Assange as well as the previously mentioned Aaron Shwartz you will begin to see that these people have made sacrifices for the good of mankind to figure out on their own that working together is the only way to counteract big institutions. So Satoshi has given us and economic platform to counteract what happens politically, economically and socially around the world. 
So create big groups and act together when making decisions about what to do with your bitcoin or crypto currency. It's really in our hands. It's a vision that I have realized has come to many people around the world that have realized there is something horribly wrong with the engine that's driving our systems. Be bold but also be conservative in that you can work as a team to be apart of global awareness and perhaps even change how we work together as a global community. 
Everything since the beginning of the internet points to this new found consciousness that we are able to make sacrifices for the greater good of mankind. The main goal of bitcoin is to bridge the gap between the informed and the uninformed so they are able to make informed decisions. To give them insight into how this all really works. I think regardless of what happens I.t.o bitcoin, crypto currency and financial institutions and economies around the world it's the first time I think ever that we as the average world citizen are able to see into how these institutions work and they have ultimately become transparent in their nature. If you think about It, and the original conversations that took place considering this is all true and we haven't been sold a complete lie, Satoshi has revolutionized the way we think about how we value things and how we value ourselves and our relationship between the 2. Even if it's one big hack to the system and it will all fail in the end. Eyes have been opened and can never again be closed. 
Human beings are becoming more and more aware that the system is built on politics and agreements that are outdated and are not serving the people as originally intended or perpetuated. Good luck to us all. I can't wait for the next 5 people that do some incredibly gutsy things to communicate with the entire world and send a message of a vision that seems to be as enthusiastic as the rapid growth in bitcoin prices. It's our own consciousness hacking this world. We are united by our minds. And we are united by the light of our souls. It cannot be switched off however. It is just the natural way. 
