@_author: joralth
@_date: 2014-03-27 13:34:41
As someone who runs a business I can guarantee businesses won't. Everyone points out it's not truly worth it for the IRS to go after single individuals for anything less than a ton of money. But exchanges hold multiple currencies in addition to bitcoin in a lot of cases, and if they are not complying, that's blatant withholding of tax.
Private, quiet, sneaky withholding of tax can fly under the radar. But an exchange needs a public presence, they need to interact with people, trust and the value of an exchange goes up when it has a public face and an address and accountability. Bitcoin shops need a storefront, or at least shipping resources, and so on. When your business runs, but doesn't pay tax on a lot of its income, that's blatant tax evasion, which really draws the ire of the IRS and other tax agencies.
So we arrive at "the merchants will not ignore the law if it applies to them". Selling property (assets, bitcoins) to people in the USA brings that portion of your business which touches the USA under the jurisdiction of the IRS for these purposes, and if you have no assets there your country might help fight this kind of money laundering and restriction by allowing proceedings or engaging AML legislation of the local sort.
The IRS figures out the tax obligation on much smaller transactions - there is no point of smallness that you can split your transactions up into that it will evade notice. In fact the obligation is on you the individual to accurately report and then they check your work. If it is inadequate they will simply assess a penalty with interest. Non payment comes with worse penalties than any amount of bitcoin you could have.
Part of being grown up is paying taxes. You can't use "this one weird trick!" to skip paying taxes on something you are exchanging for goods and services. The reason is, the one person you are paying them to, the merchant? Will ALWAYS have an incentive to tell the truth and accurately report their customers if audited.
I do not think the guy who runs a bitcoin store where you can buy your sundries (not that any publicized ones exist most places) is going to go to jail to protect your anonymity. And you may say "Well we won't admit the transaction took place!" Oh, the merchant will. Absolutely. And if he's got good business practices he'll just pay the taxes and be done. 
For example if I sell you a shirt for 20 bucks worth of satoshis, I will receive 20 bucks worth of fair market value for it (whatever that is on the exchange I chose). I report my basis as 20 bucks on that amount of bitcoins, I can have a program which puts this in a spreadsheet for me, taking about 30 seconds.
Now, let us admit of two scenarios. 1) I hold the bitcoins, or 2) I sell the bitcoins same day (let's assume there are working exchanges or I have a reliable buyer).
If I sell the bitcoins the same day, I sell a 20 dollar basis piece of property for 20 dollars, my gains are 0. I then report my 20 dollars in income and pay whatever my taxes are depending on what progressive bracket I fall in vs. my deductions (I will probably have lots of deductions since I am a business), and I pay taxes like any other business. My situation is no different than a person who sold the shirt for 20 dollars of american cash. I pay the same taxes as him, my records have 1 extra page which can be entirely computer generated, or constitutes 6 seconds of work per customer by me or someone else entering a simple identifier.
2) The other method is simply I keep the bitcoins. The value of bitcoin climbs maybe, or I spend them. Unfortunately, FIFO, which means the oldest bitcoin you obtained is the first one you "spend".
This makes spending bitcoins on anything basically unusable because someone with a lot of bitcoins will have to calculate partial basis based on a personal large ledger of how much you got each bitcoin for and on what date and then compare that to the value of the services you got for the coin in question. It's not TOO hard but if you first received 9 dollars worth of bitcoin when 2 satoshis was 9 dollars, then received 9 more dollars worth when 4 satoshis was 9 dollars, and today's price is 18 dollars = 3 satoshis. You'd need to give the store 2 satoshis for 12 dollars (so you've realized 3 dollars of gain on your "First in" satoshis"), and then 1 more satoshi from the second "pack" you obtained, for 6 more dollars, on which you will have realized 3.75 of gain. So you've realized 6.75 of gain just sitting down to eat. 
TL;DR: - businesses should just sell-on their bitcoins, it'll simplify recordkeeping. Good luck trying to both follow the law and use FIFO while using something as a currency.
@_date: 2014-03-27 13:15:14
Yep. For example a person who makes a purchase of illegal drugs, found out, charged, and is dragged in and then let go due to a procedural error still has to pay that sales tax. But the individual wouldn't get in trouble, the business that didn't COLLECT sales tax would. 
This is where these tax rules matter - at the point of large businesses.
If bitcoin is ever going to grow beyond the bare minimum, it will need infrastructure. Reliable exchanges, a bitcoin based economy. There are many obstacles to this, but "ignoring the law and having no centralization of businesses" unfortunately also means "people can run off with all your money". Knowing where someone is means that person has to tell people where they are and where they operate out of. Which will bring them under SOME government rubric. If everyone treats this as property then fine, you pay tax like property - and so does the big exchange.