@_author: jorgerpereira
@_date: 2016-03-27 17:26:08
*FULL DISCLOSURE, I work at Uphold heading Product &amp; Engineering, so surely I’m from the dark side. But anyway, bear with me for a moment. :)*
 let me start by thanking you for paying special attention to our transparency and our Reserve. I recall you [raising precisely this concern]( several weeks ago, and after some discussion you updated the post to fix the mistake in your math, which shows good faith and encourages me to get into this discussion. But I also recall you setup your account on Reddit that day (14th of Feb) and have mainly used it to comment on us. I choose to believe this is in good faith and concern on behalf of the community as a whole. Whatever your motivations might be, I’m happy to continue to have a conversation about this. 
As you have noticed, Uphold is not a ‘black box’, and there is no other financial services company in the world today (that I’m are aware of) that gives this level of visibility and transparency publically. We are also unique in being over-reserved. As of 10am today PST, our reserve was currently worth $5,440M in US dollars and obligations to our members stood at $5,383M. Any way you choose to look at it, it’s still a fact that we have over 101% tier one capital. Compare that to a legacy bank which has (for the most part) only about 10%. In addition, our business and operating accounts are legally segmented and segregated from our customer accounts. These accounts are independently audited on a quarterly basis by an independent 3rd party.
If you have some notions about how capital, FX, trading and liquidity works, this should all make good business sense, and you’ll probably also get why it allows us to offer the best prices in the market. Also, good note from  below, pointing at our *stoploss*. Out of coincidence, the Bitcoin price has risen today and you can see how our custom algorithms predicted and protected our reserve. Meaning we still have over 101% tier one capital. 
One of the challenges of being transparent is precisely with posts like this, and how to not get into a flamewar. So, thanks for keeping it civil! :) 
