@_author: jorl17
@_date: 2017-12-16 07:49:19
It's just a bit sad that people are unable to properly argue without resorting to silly comparisons such as this one. I mean it doesn't take merit from BTC or BCH to say that whoever made this comparison lacked understanding of several concepts such as trademarks, copyright (&amp; copyleft), code licensing, community-driven development, etc.
I understand that the human being has a tendency to see things in terms of extremes and feel extremely overprotective about what they believe in, thus taking any criticism of something related to one of the side of an argument as a personal attack on the whole object of the argument itself. Sadly, it seems there are people for whom the evolutionary path has been to reinforce this human learning disability. Either that, or they enjoy "muh silly karma".
@_date: 2017-12-19 23:38:59
Maybe the mods deleting all the posts and banning all the people took a vacation?
@_date: 2017-12-16 07:45:15
If you don't understand that I did not try to evaluate the merits of either coin, but simply the asinine comparison which neglects factors such as open-source code, trademarks, copyright, community-driven development, and the laws of fucking physics preventing matter-duplication, then I am afraid you do not understand how to do reading comprehension at all.
I did not say BCH is better than BTC. I merely stated that this particular comparison is ridiculous, because it is. Please point me to where I said that BCH is better than BTC. I said that I did not look into the technical merits themselves because I did not, and because I don't care. In so far as you know, I don't own any cryptocurrency, and just appreciate watching both sides argue for the fun of it. Perhaps if I did look into the merits, I would instantly agree with you and claim that BTC is far superior to BCH and that it is "a shitcoin worse than fiat", but, again, I have had no interest in looking into that yet.
You are aware that just because you truly believe in something (even if you have all the technical reasons to do so), it doesn't mean that everything related to it is right, yeah? This comparison is a bad one. This doesn't take away any technical merits or superiority that BTC may have -- it just means that whoever made this comparison was either intentionally intellectually dishonest, or just very, very, very slow.
What you have exhibited here is dogma, coupled with insecurity. Why are you so personally offended by the fact that this one person, despite possibly being "on the right camp", made what can only be described as an "incredibly shitty comparison"? Just relax, your beloved coin is not being questioned here, just OP's mental health and/or intentions.
EDIT: I'd like to point out that this comparison is indeed so bad that the Mac Operating System (as well as iOS, watchOS, tvOS) is a fork of two extremely well known open-source projects known as FreeBSD and Mach, forming the XNU kernel, which is the basis of MacOS, which is then itself the basis of iOS, etc. It's just incredibly funny that macOS is a heavily modified fork of other operating systems and its parent company was used for this example. Note that I am also not saying that macOS's case is comparable to the BTC/BCH one (e.g. naming issues, etc). You are capable of that much basic reading comprehension, right?
@_date: 2017-12-15 23:20:16
I am not for BTC or BCH, I like to look at both, and I genuinely have no opinion on one vs the other. I'm not saying I like both, I'm saying I have never actually bothered to look into the technical issues themselves.
This is definitely the most fucked up thing I've seen until today. The amount of ignorance here is astounding. Through the roof. What an incompetent and childish comparison
@_date: 2016-02-03 23:27:06
Be aware that there are many attacks that go against SSL specifically because of assumptions like those. A form of these attacks catch an HTTP exchange of traffic whereby the server would respond with a 302 Redirect, asking the client to "move to the HTTPS version of the site". Since this is HTTP, a MITM attack can be done, preventing the 302 from reaching the client and instead faking a pure HTTP connection to the client, while faking an HTTPS connection to the server, thus breaking SSL. There are other techniques which attempt to force HTTPS temporary downgrades to HTTP so that MITM can successfully happen.
@_date: 2018-03-18 23:36:06
The fact that people actually believe this is hilarious