@_author: josent
@_date: 2016-03-12 06:20:51
[Sure you won't tell](
@_date: 2017-05-23 20:22:44


I like the specificity. Discussions would last shorter if people were more specific about what exactly they object to. Except your first reply was you quoting the following from my comment:
"Every interaction with a cop, even a traffic ticket, **is underpinned by the threat of force** and, ultimately, by the threat of death.*
 &gt;Well yeah, if you decide you need to pull a gun on a cop to "defend yourself" that's going to happen. The entire point of cops is that as a society we've chosen to allow them to use force to maintain order with the general understanding that the justice system allows you to non-violently dispute any charges made against you.
 It's not "defending yourself", it's literally defending yourself. You would pull a gun on anyone else who assaulted you with the intent to kidnap you, wouldn't you? Why not a cop? Imagine dealing with cops in a totalitarian state who are coming to arrest you for a fabricated political crime which will be tried in a kangaroo court where you will almost certainly be sent to a Gulag-like camp for decades. Can't say society 'agreed' to anything in that scenario. Can't say that what they are doing is even remotely just. Without the positive associations with law enforcement in your own country clouding the situation: why would you still not pull out a gun against these cops coming to arrest you?
@_date: 2017-05-23 22:39:34
 That's precisely why I brought up that scenario. Just because you agree with the laws and believe that your justice system is largely fair does not mean that police secure compliance differently. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 20:03:03
 Then there might be hits out on you if you did that.
@_date: 2017-05-22 22:49:24
 So your issue is that he didn't have the resources to have the luxury of imposing a "just" punishment for the crime?  (which, unlike in the case of a vigilante, was directed at him and bore serious consequences if the threat were to be realized)
@_date: 2017-05-22 23:22:05
 Well, having sex with 10+ men every week, each of whom is willing to break the law, is certainly very risky. Pretty sure your chance of being raped would be lower if you were in another line of work. It's also illegal. So that seems to fit your requirements for when it's unacceptable to defend yourself. Otherwise, I would have gone with defending against armed robbery which has closer parallels to blackmail in logical structure. But owning a store isn't illegal, so I wasn't sure if you'd have a problem with it.
@_date: 2017-05-22 22:21:17
 Can we talk about the guy blackmailing him? Because you're writing as if demanding money under the threat of sending someone to prison for decades is even remotely justifiable.
@_date: 2017-05-22 22:47:54
 He put millions of people out of the danger of having to deal with organized crime and government thugs when all they want is to alter their state of consciousness. It's illegal, yes, but I do not agree that it is criminal.
@_date: 2017-05-22 22:43:59
Would Ross Ulbricht look better in your eyes if he had instead conspired to kidnap FriendlyChemist and lock him up in a basement for 5-10 years depending on behavior?
@_date: 2017-05-23 01:29:37
 Why don't you ever say "fuck off, I don't have time for tickets" ? Because you'd be placed under arrest. Why can't you just say "no, I'm not under arrest"? Because the officer will chase you down and subdue you. Seems like force to me.
 Why can't you say "back off, I have a gun" in response to someone who would taze you or tackle you to the ground and beat you with a baton? Because then you're going to get shot and you might just die. Cops aren't trying to murder all that they can, but if you actually have enough firepower to effectively defend yourself from cops, you're probably going to get killed. It almost never comes to it because at some point most people comply, but it's impossible to actually not comply and live free. At best, you can resist and accept the punishment for resisting.
@_date: 2017-05-22 21:35:12
Well, to be honest, yes. What other option would you have in that case? 
@_date: 2017-05-23 21:39:13


 How so? It's still a case of an individual dealing with police. Police make a demand, the choice remains the same: comply or resist. It get to the essentials. Why can't you resist? And you've actually answered although you don't seem to recognize it:


That's the threat of force, and ultimately, the threat of death if you are able to mount a highly effective resistance. And, indeed, even a traffic ticket is covered by this because if you absolutely refuse to sign it or provide ID, or if you never even comply with the police demand that you pull over, they will try to arrest you. If you resist arrest:


I really don't see what you take issue with here. You seem to accept that police authority rests on their ability to exercise force. Even if the populace willingly empowers police to exercise force, that still means that compliance to police is compelled by force. At that point, it's just a matter of following the scenario to the end. 
@_date: 2017-05-22 21:18:58


 Just to be clear, he tried to have people murdered for blackmailing him with the threat of exposing him and many other people to criminal prosecution. 'Rivals' makes it sounds like he wanted them killed for trying to compete with him. 
@_date: 2017-05-22 22:35:05


He makes bitcoin look bad how? By creating a way for drug users to get their drugs safely, discreetly, and with at least some assurance of quality? Not bad in my book.
By setting up a system that props up the value of bitcoin? Not bad in my book.


And what do you think society does? Every interaction with a cop, even a traffic ticket, is underpinned by the threat of force and, ultimately, by the threat of death. Do you think cops are able to enforce order simply because they put on cop uniforms? 
@_date: 2017-05-22 23:07:42
 It's not anarchism. You open up any Poli Sci 101 textbook and in the introduction when they define the 'state' it's almost always going to include the definition of the state as an entity that has a monopoly on violence in some area. That's just how the world works and it's not really a secret.
 But in this case, Ross Ulbricht cannot realistically expect to benefit from the state's protection. Indeed, violence from the state is what even makes blackmailing him possible. So he must perform what is normally carried out by the state. Could I agree that death penalty is excessive for blackmail? Yes, though I understand that Ulbricht was more concerned about not being imprisoned for decades than whether the punishment fit the crime. Is Ross Ulbricht a bad person who should be removed from society because he exercised force against someone threatening his life? I don't believe so.
Consider a different case. What if you got into a line of work that exposes you to hazards, say you're a prostitute. Suppose then that you turn down a client but he tries to rape you. You could shoot him and be legally in the clear. How is this fundamentally different from ordering a hit on someone threatening to literally ruin your life?
@_date: 2018-12-21 09:03:21
 Yeah, this is really a great injustice of our time to have this man locked up. People regularly make the argument that abortion's legality protects the lives of many women who would have otherwise sought risky and potentially exploitative back alley abortions. Well, that's what Ross did for people who wanted drugs. Instead of having to deal with some unethical, untrustworthy and potentially violent criminal to get their drugs, people could get it through the internet from someone they never had to meet and with at least some assurances that the product is as advertised.