@_author: josephstash
@_date: 2017-12-13 15:27:59
Hi there. This is incredibly generous of you. I foolishly sold my btc for what now looks like a hilariously paltry sum a few years ago. This is an incredible idea and I'm sure many people will benefit. 
I was going to suggest a donation to the Open Medicine Foundation (OMF). OMF is working to develop a cure for Myalgic Encephalomyelitis, a misunderstood disease that affects an estimated 17 million people and often leaves them unable to work. 25% of those people are so sick they're unable to leave their bed. 
This time last year, I was working a full time job, recently having completed a purchase of my first property, going to the gym 3/4 times a week, and generally enjoying life. Then I caught a virus which I never recovered from. Fast forward to now, and I've been living with my parents since then, who are my primary carers. I rely on them to cook for me, help take me to doctors appointments, and help me with going up and down stairs. 
The reason I have to rely on my parents for this, is because I suffer from an extreme feeling of illness all day. Imagine having the flu, but constantly, day after day, month after month. In addition, I get dizzy if I sit upright, feel more sick if I spend too long doing cognitively 'complicated' things like watching tv or reading. My muscles are severely weak, and I get frequent joint paint. I have to rest, with no stimulus, for hours every day, to even be able to be on speaking terms with my parents. When people visit they're surprised to see me able to talk and seem 'normal', but what they don't see is that after they leave I feel horrifically ill as a consequence. 
My story is not unusual among those with this disease. We are, by and large, left alone by the medical profession and left to fend for ourselves, with a poor prognosis and scant hope of recovery. There is no universally suitable or effective treatment. OMF relies on charitable donations to survive, and has assembled a world-class teams of scientists to cure this horrific illness. 
All the best to you, and I hope you consider them as a worthy beneficiary of your donation. 
Edit: added the OMF bitcoin donation page: [
@_date: 2017-12-11 10:00:59
Maybe add this link into the original comment? 