@_author: josephjpeters
@_date: 2015-01-28 16:57:05
Here's today's example: 
And yesterday: 
@_date: 2015-01-28 20:14:00
The issue with non-QR code wallets is that other methods of communication aren't standardized. 
I really like what AirBitz did to do non-QR code transactions by using bluetooth. I just with the rest of the industry would follow.
As for getting rid of hashes and attaching names, that's something my company is focused on. We're aren't live yet, but should have a beta available in March to test out. We hope to support a wide variety of wallets and services. 
@_date: 2015-01-29 02:33:11
I think there's value in credit cards. In the same way we still use the postal service for certain things I think there will be a role for credit card companies. The role will just be diminished.
Most people don't even know that credit card fees are being passed on to the consumer. I think one of the things that will help drive consumer acceptance of bitcoin will be an app that helps highlight this mark up. I don't, however, believe goods will ever be priced in bitcoin.
One way I see this mark up being exposed is through some sort of instant bitcoin back program. I pay for an item in bitcoin at some USD amount but received bitcoin back because I saved the merchant money and they're passing *some* savings onto me. Another idea (what my company is working on) is a loyalty program that actually increases this instant bitcoin back based on my habits (how often I go to a store and pay with bitcoin and how much I spend). 
@_date: 2015-01-29 01:59:45
Absolutely agree (and I'm sure the majority of people here do too). 
@_date: 2015-01-28 19:45:19
Talk to BitPay or Coinbase. It's what they do.
@_date: 2015-02-02 15:02:15
All good questions. Hopefully I answer them all.
Reputation is more than just a peer-to-peer rating (analogous to an Ebay score) . We believe there are very interesting things you can do with verifiable reviews at merchants. 
For example, a restaurant can accept bitcoin and become a Bonafide Merchant who can build a reptuation. These reviews could be syndicated to review sites such as Yelp so you have a Bonafide review of an experience that is verifiable on the blockchain.
Or, a restaurant who is very interested in the quality of service could accept bitcoin and use our service to get insight into the quality of the service being delivered in real time. 
These are just 2 examples of services that we believe generate real value that cannot be done on today's payment rails.
As for addresses, we are working closely with online and offline wallets to make this experience as easy as possible. For services like Coinbase it's very similar to how Facebook connect works. For offline wallets, you'd go to that wallet and sign in with your Bonafide account so the wallet can push you public addresses to our service. We're already in talks with a number of wallet providers and we hope others contact us as we roll out the developer side of our site.
@_date: 2015-02-02 16:50:17
I never worked at the NSA. In fact I'm ex-Apple (which is probably also frowned upon by some) so my interest in the technology is solely on the benefits it can bring to consumers.
The type of value we're looking to bring to the market is one that we believe mainstream users will appreciate. We believe our services can make the technology more convenient and easier to use which will lead to wider adoption. 
@_date: 2015-02-02 17:34:39
That's your choice and we respect that. 
The idea is we can generate value by making bitcoin more convenient and easier to use while creating ways for people who do use our service to save money. 
@_date: 2015-02-02 18:03:16
Yes. You can create a random account yourself(i.e. paleh0rse) or one that we generated (i.e. Bonafide123) so you can build loyalty without the merchant ever knowing who you are. Same thing goes with a reputation score.
As for Coinvalidation, our focus is on creating added value for the consumer through convenience. I can't necessarily speak to what their motives are/were. That's as much as I can really say about that.
@_date: 2015-02-02 18:40:15
Unfortunately the OP felt that was important but it's public knowledge. I'm fortunate to be working with a group of people who have deep understanding and appreciation for crypto. Together I think we can bring some very interesting mainstream apps to market - the first being a reputation system.
@_date: 2015-02-02 17:57:29
The address reuse responsibility is either on the user or the service that we're pulling the addresses from. For instance I know Coinbase reuses addresses but we have no control over that. 
As for stealth addresses anyone using that feature would most likely not be looking to use our service. Again, it comes down to choice. 
@_date: 2015-02-02 15:38:07
Since you're using Amazon you must provide a shipping address (which could, in theory be a PO Box). As for Bonafide you don't have to provide any personal information about yourself. You could create an "Introshine" Bonafide account that is not linked to any social account and build a reputation using that name.
@_date: 2015-02-02 18:44:56
They have issues with invalid reviews of people who game their system. The idea is to provide the ability to create verifiable reviews that are backed by transactions on the blockchain.
@_date: 2015-02-02 16:01:33
There are other things we can do. I just don't believe reddit is the right forum to outline our business strategy. I hope you can respect that.
I think many are discounting the value that is created when identity is known, and I'm not just talking about the identity of the consumer, but more along the lines of the identity of the merchant. Would you find it valuable to have a transaction history that is much more contextual? Today, people use services like Venmo and expect their banking experiences to have information about their transactions that a bunch of hashes. Today, that is very difficult with bitcoin and we hope to solve that.
If we are able to solve that problem we believe that will be very valuable. It should in theory increase the utility of bitcoin which many of people here would directly benefit from.
@_date: 2015-02-02 15:56:10
Trying to do my best. Like I said, it's all about finding ways to increase the incentive for the use and acceptance of bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-02 16:59:27
A reputation is just a collection of ratings and reviews. This type of system is used by peer-to-peer marketplaces (Ebay, AirBnb, Uber etc.) and we think we can extend this capability more broadly to all transactions on the Bitcoin network.
You can have a reputation as being a "good actor" in the bitcoin ecosystem that could result in discounts. There are gift card companies in the ecosystem that are being scammed and they would gladly give a discount to those who have demonstrated being a good actor in the ecosystem.
As I mentioned in an earlier reply, there is also reputation of a merchant. Yelp has build a business around this but they run into issues where the system is gamed because they lack ways to verify purchases. We believe the blockchain can be used for this use case and this information might be valuable enough to get merchants to accept bitcoin just for this capability.
@_date: 2015-02-02 17:30:18
That's correct. Consumer ratings is our focus in the near term and we plan to expand that to merchants later this year.
I mentioned that there is already a gift card company who is interested in using a Bonafide rating as a way to provide even more savings. 
I could imagine a scenario on sites like Craigslist where this would be useful. How do you know the person on that site isn't going to scam you? Well if they used bitcoin exclusively now they can build a reputation that can be used to establish trust in that marketplace.
Peer-to-peer lending sites like BTCjam could also find this useful as just another data point in establishing the credit worthiness of a person on their site. 
@_date: 2015-02-02 17:24:42
I've outlined a couple already but here's a few:
Verifiable reviews. Amazon allows you to filter 'verified purchases' and we'd like to take that idea and bring it to brick and mortar merchants. A restaurant could then accept bitcoin and receive Bonafide reviews that can be syndicated to the various reviews sites they are a part of.
Real-time customer service data. Go to a coffee shop that accepts bitcoin and leave a review. The merchant can now see how well their staff is performing and slice it however they'd like, by store, state, worker etc.
Loyalty points. Because we have insight into merchant addresses as well as the consumer, we can offer a frictionless loyalty programs that will allow people to receive bitcoin back after purchase based on the frequency and the amount of bitcoin spent over a given period of time. Ultimately, we'd like to get rid of the need for any sort of card in this process. Your ID essentially works as the card and what's neat about this process is that the merchant still never needs to know who you are. 
The last one is my favorite. 
@_date: 2015-02-02 18:37:46
Absolutely agree.
Our intention was to announce our fund raising so we can continue to build relationships with bitcoin service providers of all shapes and sizes so we can support as many wallets out of the gate. 
We will be unveiling more information regarding our services as we get closer to launch. I hope I was able to provide at least some insight into where I believe we will provide value in the ecosystem.
@_date: 2015-02-02 15:23:46
We aren't asking people to reuse addresses. We either pull in addresses or receive them as they are created in a wallet or service that we work with. The reuse of an address is up the to the user.
As I mentioned above, we're focused on mainstream use cases of aggregating addresses to provide additional value to the average person or accepting merchant. Reputation is just the first and there are some really exciting services we can provide in the future.
I don't mean to downplay security of funds, even if we deal solely with public addresses. You can reach our team on our site and we can go from there.
@_date: 2015-02-02 16:36:20
We're interested in bundling addresses, but because we work with a number of different types of wallets all integrations may not be the same. 
Would be interested to hear about your project. 
@_date: 2015-02-02 15:30:53
Bitcoin is great when you receive funds, but the person sending the funds still needs to trust the seller. There are a number of bitcoin companies today who suffer from this problem.
As for the centralized nature of the service we are actively looking for ways to decentralize as much as possible. We are only now seeing some of these services (Onename, Factom, Storij etc.) come to market and are excited to see where things will be in the future.
@_date: 2015-02-02 14:42:47
Hey guys, Joe from Bonafide here. If you have any questions I'll try my best to answer them. 
Beyond reputation, which is our focus, we are exploring a variety of things we can do with aggregating public addresses that can drive mainstream usage and acceptance of bitcoin. Many of these deal with merchants.
One thing I'd like to make clear we do offer the ability to create a Bonafide account that is not linked to any social media accounts so pseudo anonymity is possible while establishing a reputation. I've sent a note to Dan so I hope that gets corrected in the article.