@_author: joserunning
@_date: 2017-02-06 08:10:07
the etf not only tracks the BTC, but needs to have a certain amout of BTC under management. So they take the money investors give them and turn it in to BTC they manage. 
This is why expected impact on price if approved. 
@_date: 2017-02-06 08:11:53
Institutional investors, like say insurers or pension funds, are only allowed to own certain asset classes. They are not allowed to invest in BTC directly. By having an ETF a huge, new chunk of money would now be possible to flow in to BTC. 
@_date: 2017-03-31 14:40:53
Here my take, but I know nothing.
Once block rewards go to zero the only incentive for miners is fees. 
Until then block rewards and fees are incentives to miners to mine. 
Most minders do this to make money, not for the love of bitcoin or anything else. 
That means if a miner can find a way to tweak the rules and make more money, they will. 
To make sure miners are not tweaking the rules to profit/steal, the full nodes check to see if what miners claim is correct. Full nodes police miners. 
If blocks are larger, this then creates problems for those running full nodes in downloading and confirming the blocks, due to either cost and/or bandwidth limitations. 
So increasing block size in theory reduces the amount of full nodes policing the miners.
Roger believes that instant transactions and low fee transactions are more important and some of the core devs believe that ensuring that no part (miners, users, nodes) of bitcoin has more power than they started out with in 2009, when this happy experiment started, is more important. 
Since there are now 15 to 20 Billion on table seems prudent to change slowly.  
And now both sides are slinging shit at each other saying the other side is corrupt and trying to kill bitcoin, except for those in the middle that keep getting screamed at whenever they agree with any phrase that the other side sees as disagreeing. 
but I am sure there are millions of other nuances I am missing. 
@_date: 2017-03-30 16:22:51
For them the fundamental protocol layer, the substance itself, is cherished for its own sake, and forms the great majority of the value of the item, while its protocol layer two, the “outer layer”, the particular form it has been fashioned into, while often of considerable interest, is usually quite secondary in determining its value for purposes of the display and transfer of wealth.
What is great about this, is that depending on where you stand in SegWit Vs BU, you can see layer 1 as store of value and layer 2 as cheap transactions, or the other way around.  
@_date: 2017-01-13 14:16:16
hey, you mentioned in the linked thread that you are no longer trading and waiting for these loans to run out in Jan. 
Is this now because of the halt on margin trading that the loans will run out, or do you mean other method to get loans will no longer be available ending in Jan?
 
@_date: 2017-01-04 12:46:38
There are say 1 million Chinese Millionaires (rounding down from  and 30% of these  want to have the gift. That would mean 300 000 gift givers. 
Since these are rich people lets assume they give a number that has significance, so 6, 8 or 9. 
What could an increase in demand for say  1.8 million BTC lead to? 
Hey Trezor, start creating custom Year of the Dog skins / packaging now. 
@_date: 2016-11-23 09:30:39
PSA - 
To properly store champagne (and wine) bottles they need to be laying down, so that the cork does not dry out. 
Other than that, great video
@_date: 2017-04-01 05:44:35
Can someone explain the definition of spam here? Is it lots of small transactions that are just moving from one address to another or do they mean small transactions that inlcude lots and lots of data, like recently when lots of info about the  tiananmen square protests was placed in the chain? Or are there others. Not trying to start anything, just do not know. 
@_date: 2017-04-04 11:28:14
Hello, 
for what it is worth, my take on who he is calling mob is based on behaviour. Does not mean people that can not code, but means people that act in a mob mentality. 
think if you are not behaving like a mob, e.g. screaming, shouting and creating danger to people around, then I would assume he is not talking about me and you. 
Bitcoin is so amazing, that it does so many super cool things at once. 
1. It creates a secure, irreversible, unchangeable and permanent transaction that does not require any middleman or trusted third parties.  
2. It also provided the ability to do this much quicker and at lower cost for the user initially. Depending on the Summs you are moving, this is also still the case.   
Believe he sees larger blocks as a very, very big security risk to 1 due to impact on ability to run full nodes in the long run.
Without being able to easily run full nodes the network is open in the long run to centralized trusted parties that run nodes for us, which then makes it open to all kinds of attacks that would wipe out the underlying magic that is bitcoin. 
To put it simply, he is a believer in security first. 
People looking for bigger blocks value the speed and cost of the transactions higher than the perceived risk related to nodes being harder to run. 
I have no clue what is correct, but am having fun learning about what people are thinking about these topics. 
 
