@_author: joshuad31
@_date: 2015-06-11 19:53:57
I knew people would say this regardless of whatever I said which is frustrating.
Look if the price doesn't go down my family and friends are happy.  If it does go down then I am trying to help them not be unhappy with me.
let me reiterate:  I have always, every time, without exception been wrong about price predictions.  This is NOT a prediction.  Not sure how much more clearly I can say it... will hope people can listen.
@_date: 2015-06-16 20:05:15
Adam Back: "The whole of bitcoin is immensely complicated such that it takes an uber-geek CS genius years to catchup" 
Translation: "I'm an uber-geek and you (Mike, Gavin) are not," um yeah ... hell no.
@_date: 2014-06-05 17:57:06
I wanted to provide a review as to the refund process:
They were quick to process my refund.  They refunded my shipping and handling.  When I pointed out that I wasn't happy that their source code was not open source and there were trust issues they stated that maybe sometime in the future they would like to use an open source approach.
This company is genuinely trying to offer value in the bitcoin space I just am not interested in this particular approach.  But their honesty is a positive.  They would do much better if they decided to create online videos showcasing their product and how to use it.  If I could have seen one I would have saved them the trouble of the return process.
@_date: 2014-05-15 16:54:44
Ok so I received two of my hardbits today.  I would like to direct people to the users manual which is located here:
As the instructions show you use this device with software installed on another android device.  How these two devices communicate are made clear in the users manual if you download the link.  All communication is done via QR codes.
The problem I have is this:
1. No way to upload your own private key.  You must use the private key that comes with your wallet.  This means we need to rely on a third party hardbit.cn to assure us that the private key they generated was either destroyed or is kept somewhere securely.
2. No way to download the private key on the wallet without using their proprietary backup system.
3. No way to via a usb connection transmit data to / from the device.
For these reasons I feel that this product will not suit my needs.  I will be returning this device because I need a device that fulfills the following requirements:
1. I have control of the private keys not a third party
2. If something were to happen to my private keys outside of the hardbit device then I can export the keys within the device to my computer in a format that can be loaded into any other bitcoin wallet.
3. USB is used to transmit data to the device to allow for the device to receive private keys generated outside of the device.  If those keys are lost usb is used to send private keys within the device to an application running on my computer such as blockchain.info.  USB is used to receive payment requests and it is used to send sign transactions to a wallet software such as blockchain.info.
If the above is your expectation also then DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT.
@_date: 2014-09-01 14:26:04
How is this possible?  In the below three examples the child block is older than its parent block.  How can a child block be older than a parent.  Am I missing something serious here?  Maybe this happens every once in a while but it happened 3 times in less than 2 hours.
318611 	1 hour 2 minutes ago 		55 		
318610 	55 minutes ago 			388 	
318608 	1 hour 15 minutes ago 	330 	
318607 	1 hour 10 minutes ago 	128 	
318605 	1 hour 26 minutes ago 	124 	
318604 	1 hour 16 minutes ago 	431 	
@_date: 2015-05-08 21:53:33
I have been considering Invertible Bloom Filters and set reconciliation as well as some of the blockchain pruning methods that are available and I don't believe in what people are saying about issues created by increasing bandwidth and increasing storage costs.  Yes there are costs but there is value added to the network if we the community choose corporately to work together to pay those costs.
To get up to speed on the technology go here:
1. 
2. 
Mike Hearn makes it clear that since there isn't a simple way of determining what the market rate of fees should be this will cause a lot of retransmission / rebroadcasting of transactions that can't get into blocks.  Its this rebroadcasting of transactions which can actually bring nodes down as their memory is exhausted.  So I actually feel there is an argument to be made in light of the usefulness of Bloom filters that the network will actually experience more bandwidth costs and issues if you *don't* increase the blocksize contrary to what lots of people are saying.
As far as blockchain size goes Satoshi was clear in his paper that there *should* be archival nodes.  That's his perspective not mine.  So what did he mean by that?  Maybe we can consider his statement in light of this paper:
The Lighthouse as a Private-Sector Collective Good
If you are worried about increasing blockchain sizes leading to an increase in the risk of centralization why not crowdfund for community owned infrastructure bitcoin full nodes.
Bitcoin full nodes and the bitcoin transactions may have a relationship which is similar to the relationship between lighthouses and the flow of commerce.  A lighthouse is free to everyone who uses them as a public good yet someone still has to pay for them.  There are ways to do this other than rely on a government to produce this public good.  Can we not vote with our own personal funds to create archival full nodes that are a publicly owned collective good?  Allow the bitcoin community to use crowdfunding to create the infrastructure the network needs instead of insisting that the community won't do this.
The argument that larger blocks will of necessity lead to greater centralization shows a lack of faith for what the bitcoin community is capable of doing.  Its equivalent to saying "since no one will build lighthouses lets limit shipping to daytime hours only even if the market wants to ship merchandise 24/7"
My point is that those against higher block sizes don't know that the community *won't* crowdfund full nodes.  If the community was impressed that public good full nodes were part of Satoshi's original vision then the community would pay for them.
If bitcoin wants to be a global payment network it should act like one and most of us believe that bitcoin is headed to far greater numbers of transactions in the future.  Why not prepare for the future today rather than keep procrastinating indefinitely?
@_date: 2017-02-24 19:45:35
As illustrated here:
The pledge funds do NOT stay in escrow.
@_date: 2015-04-28 02:15:54
Also there is no "regular channels" he needs a picture of someone who will be receiving the money, there is nothing regular about this request its quite "irregular" actually.  Anyways thanks for caring.
@_date: 2015-04-28 02:40:33
Again I am trying to help someone with their school project.  If you don't believe me here is a transaction we made right after this post where I sent him his first bitcoin to his blockchain.info wallet:
@_date: 2015-04-09 17:42:48
Interesting point of view can you clarify it?
if nations succeed in continuing to exist, that will facilitate the end of Bitcoin and other blockchain cryprocurrencies.
1. Why are the two able to coexist currently?
2. How does what is fundamentally a publishing technology and a database technology equate to a mortal threat to any nation?  This statement is making what types of presuppositions?
3. Why didn't previous database technologies and previous publishing technologies eliminate previous nation states?  At one time it was thought that the control of knowledge was what gave the nation state its power and today nation states clearly do not control all knowledge otherwise we wouldn't know who Edward Snowden is.  
4. Why didn't previous assertions that "if nation states are unable to control the flow of information they will not survive" turn out to be false?
5. There has been nation states which have continued to exist without control of fiat currency the most obvious of which is Zimbabwe.  Why doesn't Zimbabwe cease to exist?
It was once thought that the internet would undermine the power of nation states because since anyone could publish it would create a decentralized source of information about the world that nations could not control.  This turned out not to be true and indeed the internet has given governments like China and North Korea greater control over information than what people previously expected.
The internet is an "anyone can publish model".  Cryptocurrency is the same model except the data published does not reside on centralized servers.  Logically connect the dots between how removing centralized servers from the framework of publishing causes nation states anywhere in the world to collapse.
I believe that when you answer these questions you will realize that publishing technologies and database technologies do not magically release people from living within national borders.  They don't erase cultural differences or historical based ideologies.  They don't prevent governments from collecting taxes.  They don't prevent governments from spending money on armies.
The internet is pretty powerful as a publishing technology, and a database technology.  EDIT: If we didn't have the (history of the) internet (as an example) and bitcoin came along in 1995 I might agree with you (in 1995 that this technology would end nation states) but since I have been able to see how nations have adapted and adopted (co-opted in China's case) internet technology the safer bet is to believe that nations can adapt and adopt to bitcoin as a new technology.
I give nations a 96% chance of surviving in the same form we see them today even if the dollar was undermined by a cryptocurrency loosing its world reserve currency status by 2025.  This is because the survival of nation states doesn't fundamentally require fiat currency or the ability to control all knowledge.  The survival of nation states depends on its ability to collect taxes and its ability to maintain the rule of law.  How is a publishing technology going to eliminate taxes or the rule of law?
Just my 2 satoshis
@_date: 2015-04-09 18:54:19
Can it collect taxes?  Can it enlist people to form an army?  Does it employ agents to enforce the rule of law (even if it is corrupt)?
@_date: 2015-04-28 02:35:33
He is not asking for money.  He wants to GIVE away money.  Again thanks for taking the time to read the post.
@_date: 2015-03-12 04:33:18
Seems like you are the only one... kind of depressing actually.  I admit that the way I wrote the post was wrong, my tone was wrong and how it looked before I rewrote it was pretty terrible but I hope that someone else can rewrite it in a way that makes sense.  I think my real question is that if blockchain technology is here to stay and it is inevitable that sometime in the course of human history a blockchain based cryptocurrency will be adopted by more than one nation state does that mean that an escrow for peace might be a possible consequence of these facts?  Is this a logical conclusion or no.  That is my question.  No matter how poorly I stated the question is I feel it is still worth asking.
@_date: 2015-10-06 19:05:07
DAOs can use social networks as oracles for paying insurance claims.  Can bitcoin do this without side chains?  See article here:
@_date: 2015-03-27 23:44:28
I was really impressed by how elegant your solution was but I needed to watch the video you made a few times before it made sense to me.  
To help me learn what you were presenting I created an analogy of a joint checking account.  It helped me think about things a little bit clearer.  Maybe it will be a help to your audience.
If this is inaccurate please let me know.
@_date: 2015-02-24 20:13:57
Peer to Peer Insurance smart contracts will be possible soon (I hope).  If you are really interested check this out:
@_date: 2015-03-30 05:59:24
I have thought about this some more and everything you say in your presentation up to slide 27 makes perfect sense because the funds are already committed to a 2 of 2 multi-sig account that has been published to the blockchain thus locking up the funds.
All of the payments in the channel are just updating the 2 of 2 multi-sig balance between the two parties for the inevitable payout before the time-lock expires.
This published contract between Alice and Bob cannot contain any knowledge of secret Rs to unlock hashes which have not been created yet.
The problem with slide 27 is now you want to create a new hash locked contract to move funds between Alice and Bob but you don't want to publish it to the blockchain thus committing the funds.  This is the part I don't understand.  Seems like perhaps the knowledge of the secret actually releases Alice's signature (NOT actual funds) on a transaction which updates the payment channel or the time-lock releases Alice's signature (NOT actual funds) on a transaction which updates the payment channel.
Is this right?  If so how does this work?  what ties the existing 2 of 2 multi-signature payment channel to this new transaction.  Please be more specific.  How does a new contract between Alice and Bob for a new spend modify an existing 2 of 2 payment channel between Alice and Bob that has no knowledge of hashes or secrets when it was created.
There seems to be a greater deal of complexity that you never explain in your presentation in order to make your solution work.