@_author: joshtko
@_date: 2013-07-20 19:52:35
This would be of interest to speculators and informed investors.
Average consumer are interested in money to make transactions. Bitcoin is a weak alternative to fiat on all factors transactions such as ability to pay for things, security of funds, ability to move funds, stability of value (ie prices of things do not change). The single biggest hurdle to bitcoin adoption is awareness, in that people simply don't know about bitcoins.
Unless bitcoins become significantly better than fiat for transactions on at least one attribute of transactions then there is no reason for consumer to adopt it as a currency. Even gold has industrial applications so it will always have some baseline minimum value.
There is a reason why there is no such thing as a diamond ETF.
@_date: 2013-07-20 20:16:05
So what percent of an average consumers transactions can be done in bitcoin at the point of transaction? I would estimate less than 5% and that is being generous to bitcoin. Can you explain how bitcoins are better for transactions for the average transaction for the average consumer?
Bitcoin would be a horrible vehicle for saving for the average consumer. How is the average consumer supposed to know the proper asset allocation for a speculative, volatile currency into their investment strategy? 
@_date: 2013-07-20 18:20:03
This is spot on. For the average consumer there is no clear benefit in using bitcoin over fiat.
@_date: 2013-07-20 21:14:23
Can I pay for gum at a convenience store with bitcoin? No. Can I buy groceries with Bitcoin? Also no. Even if there was a way to say pay off my credit card bill with bitcoin, there is no advantage in doing so. The cost of figuring out all the intermediary steps and the transaction costs at each step are too high. Especially since there is no benefit in doing so. Until there a clear benefit in transacting in Bitcoin there will be very slow adoption.


Exactly, which is why the average consumer should not keep their savings in bitcoin. This is another reason why there will be slow adoption. 