@_author: joshrickmar
@_date: 2014-05-12 22:53:05
That is one of the many things you can do with it.  In fact, that is exactly how [btcgui]( interacts with [btcwallet](  btcwallet runs as a daemon (no graphical interface) and a separate process is required to connect to it to control addresses, pay others, etc.  This process may connect from either the same machine btcwallet is running, or remotely.
A lot of development is still being put into these programs, and btcgui especially is very unpolished at the moment.  They do work on mainnet, but we would recommend most users to keep their testing on testnet until they have further matured.
@_date: 2014-05-26 04:45:55
I have not run any benchmarks comparing the two nodes recently, but on initial sync we may be a tad bit faster (disclaimer: I hack on btcd) due to headers-first sync and a more recent checkpoint.  After the checkpoint, when script validation kicks in, it wouldn't surprise me if we are a tad bit slower.
tl;dr: probably a wash
@_date: 2014-02-12 18:32:31
If you're referring to bitcoind/bitcoin-qt, they added an option to disallow spending unconfirmed change, but the default behavior remains the same.  Since (going by the example in the blog) they don't recognize A' being a mutation of A and create a new B' spending from A', the default behavior is still incorrect.
edit: it appears they are tracking changing the default here: 
@_date: 2014-05-12 22:38:31
RPC is an acronym standing for Remote Procedure Call.  It is a general term for any method used by client programs to issue requests to control or access the state of a server process.
This is a software package that simplifies the client use of Bitcoin Core's JSON-RPC API (the standard set of RPC methods).  By extension, this package also works with btcd/btcwallet, as they have been designed to implement the same RPC API.  On top of the standard API provided by Bitcoin Core, btcd/btcwallet also support extensions, most notably the use of persistent websocket connections to notify clients of new information in real time as notifications, rather than require clients to "poll" the server (made periodic requests and check for changes).
The RPC API can be used to control a Bitcoin Core/btcd/btcwallet instance to perform various tasks such as inspecting the current block chain height, checking a wallet's balance, unlocking a wallet with the passphrase, and sending a transaction to another address.  For a full reference of the available methods, see [this Github wiki page]( which we wrote to document both the standard Bitcoin Core API, as well as our own API extensions.
@_date: 2014-05-26 12:57:09
btcd requires &gt;= Go 1.2, and I believe that was one of the reasons.  Check the output of 'go verson' and verify that you aren't using 1.1 or older.
@_date: 2014-02-12 18:38:15
Correct, the previous outpoint referenced by an input always refers to the most recent transaction with a matching txsha.  Duplicates are allowed, provided that all outputs of the previous duplicate are fully spent.  If a wallet only needs to track unspent tx outputs, this could be enough.
However, if for recording all relevant tx history, a wallet must track all relevant transactions  (including ones with hash collisions), plus some additional information, or you run the risk of hitting duplicate lookup keys.  The correct solution is to also include either the timestamp or block height as part of the lookup key.
@_date: 2017-09-22 23:05:45
Mostly correct on that last point.  I'm aware of vertcoin forking the tool for their chain but it's apparently not yet in good enough shape to be public, so we can't import it (and they haven't had any contact with us about that, I only know this from a tweet).  I'm also aware of the viacoin dev trying to fork the tool for that chain.  Komodo has approached me as well but I'm not sure if they want to contribute a tool or get us listed on their service...
See  for details on adding support (stupid github's link to that first project doesn't include the description).
@_date: 2017-09-22 23:17:45
malleability is not a concern for these swaps.  the only tooling change that would be required to handle blockchains that still have malleability would be a separate command to create the refund transaction, since it may be necessary to have it use a malleated contract tx as the input.
@_date: 2017-09-22 23:12:01
segwit is not necessary and is unrelated to these swaps.  The original idea for these swaps originates from a 2013 bitcointalk post by TierNolan, far predating the concept of segwit.
@_date: 2015-03-11 16:26:55
We also develop [btcd]( an alternative full node implementation.
@_date: 2013-11-13 22:20:17
If your OS doesn't have a proper RNG, you probably shouldn't be trusting it for anything needing security or privacy.
This is just one of many reasons why it's so important to be running an open source OS that can be, and is, vetted for these kind of security flaws. :)
@_date: 2013-11-13 21:12:23
Hi there,
While I wouldn't recommend using btcwallet for mainnet coins quite yet, btcwallet does enforce wallets with encrypted private keys, and the unencrypted private keys never touch disk.  This differs from other wallet software like bitcoind and Armory, where unencrypted wallets are still supported.  So long as the passphrase you use to encrypt your private keys is strong enough not to be brute forced, only you will have access to decrypt the private keys and spend funds.
I also wouldn't recommend using a brain wallet, and many devs of other wallet implementations share this sentiment.  No matter how unique you think you can make your private keys, you will never be as good a source of entropy as a computer with a cryptographically secure RNG.
A paper wallet can be an excellent idea for when you need cold storage, but you need physical security to protect it.