@_author: joshismaximum
@_date: 2014-10-01 23:44:45
Here here! @_date: 2014-05-05 15:27:50
Do you know anything about it?
@_date: 2014-10-10 13:45:41
Way to be an awesome dude. Thanks for reversing the default aspect of this, and if this could offer itself as an option service, I'm sure there would be a great market for it. You're not the only one who thinks certain sites go to far.
@_date: 2014-08-08 11:45:02


You mean anarchism lol? Sounds like a decentralized non representative political party would just be an apolitical/non political political party.
@_date: 2014-08-26 11:16:45
What do you think it should be? My guess Roger Ver thinks as I do regarding this matter, which is figure out the root cause of the problem, and sovle for that and not the flavour of the moment.
@_date: 2014-10-30 12:46:40
That's like saying a bird is a bird form, almost aristotelian in that a bird is just a bunch of smaller bird all the way down.
A computer program is not a computer program. That is too tautological. It is a collection of math assignments, which assign variables, run functions, and computes input into output, also known as....math!
So just like a bird is a biological organism, a computer program is a set of related mathematical algorithms.
@_date: 2014-08-12 17:43:52
Because of your one unpopular opinion, all of your future opinions are now dirt. What a tolerant and enlightened way to think about things...
@_date: 2014-09-02 20:47:59
Yup. Shadow Statistics calculates all current economic output with various instruments that have been deprecated.
Here's a conversation with the man who runs the website, talking about what in his opinion, is the state of things economically. 
Sorry for the rudeness I was having a bad day. I personally think the main article has a point, instead of talking about more centralization and more national currencies slash special drawing rights (which will be the currency when the US dollar collapses), bitcoin and other crypto offer a more decentralized and local solution.
Think about it. We could make everybody on the political spectrum, to establish more local autonomous governments with a global fairness and connection.
Both the free market AND a more competition between local governments would yield more equitable and optimal societies.
But that's just my opinion I guess...
@_date: 2014-11-05 23:04:01
Good point. I didn't say it wasn't "Mark of the beast" level conspiracy control, just much more powerful than the controls on cash.
A cashless society is an interesting one IMO. There will be negatives as well as positives. Look into that Mark of the Beast Conspiracy. I'm not Christian, but man does this freak a lot of them out!!!
@_date: 2014-11-05 22:43:28
See while all of what you said is possible under Capitalism, in the sense that we see worker cooperatives and coops and unions and horizontal workplaces... I will concede that this does require capital and competition to be considered capitalism.
That said, I fail to see your point. You agree with me, but then add your own moral ideas for efficiency/morality/etc.
While I'd like to see a more egalitarian society UNDER capitalism, what you described, if codified in a centralized manner, is socialism.
@_date: 2014-09-05 13:02:41
Do you really think it was invented by aliens? That would be awesome (and a violation of the Prime Directive!)
@_date: 2014-11-18 22:43:05
You don't understand. Currency debasement would be necessary to fund a modern war. Seriously, look it up pre 1913 and post 1913 wars.
You can only spend what bitcoins you have. Of course governments could take enough in the form of taxes, but that would lead people understanding war costs money, something we hide largely today with inflation.
@_date: 2014-11-05 21:55:54
Your last question is by far the best and most interesting to think about.
First of all, let me stress that anarcho capitalism can be reached by either deontological means (moral = voluntary interaction, don't hit, don't steal) or consequentalist means (just read [THIS](


Interaction. Where's your social contract? What are it's terms? When did you agree to it?
If this is the best argument against anarcho capitalism, that the end result would be our current affairs, then let's give it a shot! But to answer your question, governments coerce individuals for payment, companies voluntarily request it. Also, unless these companies engage in coercion to restrict competition, I doubt it would be as clear as regional governments.
I believe in incremental minarchism anyway. We need to see governments getting smaller and becoming more local before we can even talk about a stateless society. Could you imagine the repercussions to the welfare class? They'd all die! That's not right, and any ancap advocating statelessness before preparedness is advocating for a leap not many are prepared to take, so I disagree with that message.


This is a great question. Who enforces property rights now? You can't simply say the state.... the state uses it's power for civil forfeiture all of the time. It's the biggest offender AGAINST property rights.
Property rights came before democratic governments, and they were the precursor to monarchies as well. It just makes sense (sorry this is a cop out) if you think about it. Take bitcoin:
* I start trading a digital commodity that can individual owned for resources. BAM Capitalism.
So the question shouldn't be how to you enforce anarcho capitalism, as we're already quite capitalist globally, it's more of how do we prevent statism from coming back. Which brings us to...


Well at present we are not, but I see what you're saying. We call this the humans are good/evil argument.
Either humans are inherently evil, and therefore centralization under despots is a dangerous thing to do for the collective, or humans are inherently good, and therefore they do not need to be centralized and controlled.
Governments started back around 5000 BC given our most recent understandings in archaeology. Capitalism didn't start to take hold until the 17th century, and before that there was mercantilism.... so no. We did not come from anarcho capitalism, we came from slavery based statism, where oligarchs fooled some and enslaved the others.
If you're more curious, remember that we're not extremists, we're not even political, we just want a more wealthy society and are simply advocating for what we think is best. I recommend checking out the sidebar, which has a link to a great sub 4th link down from Non Bitcoin communities.
And remember! We can't predict the future, we're not central planners! But yes, we love markets and we love individuals. We hate nation states and we hate "the greater good" collective ideology which is so easily hijacked.
Also, just FYI, I'm not some right wing asshat, I'm a post leftist who loves gay marriage, marijuana, etc, and I just want to see resolutions to our biggest problems, namely wars, oppression, and slavery.
@_date: 2014-08-21 17:57:10


Great startup idea IMO. You're ultimately a very high end security company, which stores address information, and then you get companies to use you for their business address storage. The way the company interacts with this third party company, is by both the user and the business agreeing to share the information, which is only tied with the public address from the third party company's end.
This way, websites which sell t shirts never store customer data, just public keys to paying users. These public keys give them the user supplied addresses when they need them, through this third party.
@_date: 2014-07-14 13:49:08


The only problem I see with this is that bitcoin is global. For the US to ban it or criminalize it, would require them to either enforce the ban globally, or advocate to the UN to get all member states to ban it.
While many western populations have no real need for financial instruments and/or cheap remittances, many other populations would find extreme value in a such a protocol.
All it would take is massive economic growth to commence in any bitcoin friendly space before the war of ideas is won and the technological improvements trump powerful old men attempting to hold onto their power.
@_date: 2014-08-14 17:59:29
I call that, the transfer of dumb money to smart money. :-)
Although, bitcoin could go to zero tomorrow and I simply mismatched those labels...
@_date: 2014-11-05 14:06:28
So owning private property is wrong to you? How do you justify owning bitcoin and having the keys to do what you want with it?
@_date: 2014-08-17 11:47:17
OR he can simply post in on reddit, use us to find out who threatened him, and then he can either pay them or call the authorities.
What would a centralized exchange do? With coinjoin, the fact that I can simply use an American exchange crypto to crypto, then a Canadian one crypto to crypto, then an Indian exchange crypto to crypto, I fail to see how you could reliably track anyone with a national security apparatus.
AT BEST, you'd need something like a global financial regulator for this shit, one who regulates all exchanges, and this is the best case scenario for regulators.
AT WORST, I transfer my funds to a anonymous cryptocurrency like darkcoin or cloakcoin, use darksend or w/e cloakcoin uses, transfer it back after anonymizing my coins into a different address, and voila...


Not really a dream. This is basically it. You could make a service for this, or a decentralized apparatus. I think it's definitely possible, because it's a passivize agency that is hired oppose to an active agency that's implementing security by introducing a major security hole by forcing businesses to hold private records, and the regulators holding those records.
Yeah I think the best bet for OP is to make a value judgement, does he/she think this is real? How would they know his first name? If he never tied them together with an account with that info posting the public address, then it's probably legit.
In which case... are they bluffing about their prowess... Either they're ballsy and confident by sending this, or they're idiots who don't respect their clients... either way, they're disrespecting their clients so I doubt they're legitimate.
But let's assume that they are. We, us voluntary workers, us crypto enthusiasts and engineers, and security researches, can definitely do what the regulators could have possibly done given what I mentioned above minus the costs of taxpayer money and trust we'd all have to give to regulators... Remember Bernie Madoff? He was HEAD of the regulator at NASDAQ... who watches the watchers is why we have bitcoin...
So OP needs to provide us with an update with the address, I will do what I can, and I'll share the public address with the appropriate security forums. I'll even notify exchanges and wallets that monitor transactions on the blockchain like blockchain.io to the situation and hopefully they'll taint the wallet.
We could very simply design a program to track just those transactions coming to and from that wallet, and I guarantee we can triangulate the IP block and find a general area. After that we do some investigative research. We look into homicides, we look into the victims, and see if any were active in crypto. We try to find ties to groups, and if we're given a match, we can alert authorities.
Conversely, considering the WHOLE FUCKING INTERNET IS TRACKED BY THE NSA, he could easily just go to the police now and unless the blackmailer was using hushmail (even this isn't secure now..) or a similar PGP heavy email client through TOR using additional proxies and random address calls to create noise, I somehow doubt the "authorities" wouldn't be able to find out who this is.
At worst they could send a detachment out to monitor him if they felt the risk was warranted.
Better yet, OP could get a private investigator to look into this. They're very good at what they do if you get the right one.
Also, think about this. First name? I could probably figure out YOUR first name if I tried. He should say "Yes. I will pay please don't hurt me, but I'm also cautiously thinking this is a scam. You probably understand that no? Just give me one more detail and I'll give you 100 BTC please don't hurt me!"
That way we'll know for sure. If they've been following him, surely they know one tidbit like where he works or where he walks in the morning to prove the legitimacy of the claim.
If they're a scammer, they'll most likely say no and to give them the funds or else. If they DO give details like I mentioned, then fuck... better just pay them.
The real problem with not standing up to things like this is that they could kill you anyway, and collect both funds. Win Win. Like I said, this seems like very atypical behaviour for a hitman, and very typical behavior for a scammer....
This is just my opinion though. Do you still think we need to ruin bitcoin for regulation? For all we know this could just be a government puppet using fear tactics to make people like you run to them.
If you're going to trust anyone, trust no one. If you need to trust someone, trust your friendly neighborhood security analyst like me instead of some fat bureaucrats who pay millions for non functioning websites and who's top dogs have been caught scamming people (again, see Bernie Madoff).
@_date: 2014-09-01 03:15:19
@_date: 2014-06-23 12:18:55


That's fair enough. I understand the whole space has to watch out for the people with guns and politicians. In that vein I appreciate your warning to others.


Just curious, what is your opinion of what a statist is? I'm genuinely curious of your opinion on this. Maybe I could refactor my definition?


Agreed. But I'd argue against legitimacy of them. For many of us (crypto-anarchists) we see the establishment as the enemy. They protect and uphold the banker monopoly on finance.
Many of us want to see a more decentralized and equitable society (globally). Many of us see bitcoin as a huge step in that direction. Like most shifts however, there are tradeoffs. IMO one of them is the protection that state gives to those who lose money to snake oil salesmen in exchange for financial independence.
The last thing I want is a centralized, inflatable bitcoin. Thoughts?
@_date: 2014-10-17 17:47:11
Darkcoin is working on instant transaction right now. This means crypto could have both anonymous and instant transaction coins in the space. Truly awesome!
@_date: 2014-10-09 05:12:32
Canadian here. Senators are an interesting bunch. They are appointed and serve their entire life.
That said, we're far less corrupt than larger democracies due to our population size I think.
@_date: 2014-11-19 13:20:57




Us idiots, know exactly what we're talking about. You obviously just want to make excuses.
@_date: 2014-11-05 14:17:48
That's totally a fallacy you know right? It's called the [middle ground fallacy](
Consider this:
Most people have no understanding of modern economics. Most people have no understanding of historical economics.
Now, with those two facts understood, please tell me how Capitalism, which is simply put, the idea that the means of production should be owned by individual persons, is a bad thing??? Seriously why is it so bad?
Because historically, it's given us literally the biggest rise in wealth humanity has ever seen. Over 300 years, from the start of the industrial revolution to now, we've gone from a mostly agrarian society full of retards, to a mostly industrialized world with only a 50/50 split of retards.
Seriously lets get some IDEOLOGICAL facts straight:
* Causes of most deaths in the 20th century? Governments
* Causes of the most oppression (slavery, torture, kidnapping, rape, displacement)? War
* And war? Governments
* Amount of choice for changing government? One vote that may or may not be rigged given to a limited set of cronies who are legally allowed to steal from you, to enact laws for special interests.
* Causes the most amount of productivity and wealth? Entrepreneurs and Small Businesses.
* Causes of the most liberation? Higher living standards accrued by individual capital accumulation (savings) and property/business development (property)
* Wars waged by companies? Zero.
* Amount of choice given for Corporations? All products and services are offered voluntarily. You may choose to refuse their service or product. Boycotts and Ostracism is effective. Consumerism has been shown as effective.
How is there still any choice regarding Capitalism versus Socialism? Every problem ascribed to Capitalism I see being committed by Government. Did you learn ANYTHING about Socialism? It's been around since ancient times, and just in the last century, killed millions of people in Cambodia, Vietnam, China, Russian, Slavic Counties, and many more....
How is this better for anyone?!?!?
@_date: 2014-07-11 16:47:43
If these guys are cointelpro, we're all so fucked it will hurt forever.
@_date: 2014-10-15 11:27:00
Well as a platform, it's decentralized, and therefore robust against centralized forms of coercion, aka, one enemy of the network can't shut the network down. This means you have less regulatory uncertainty.
Examples of a network would include the upcoming and currently developing Open Bazaar. This would help businesses in the way Ebay helped businesses.
In terms of making **money** off of decentralized applications, that art has yet to be mastered, and I will definitely admit that earning profits by developing decentralized products or services is definitely harder.
But I was specifically referring to platforms that act like Decentralized Autonomous Corporations, like Bitcoin, Darkcoin, BitsharesX, etc.
So to answer your question:


* Gives you knowledge that math rules the network not humans.
* Gives you the comfort of knowing that decentralized networks are prone to less corruption.
* Gives you the insight that your platform can never be co-opted without a lot of resources.
But yeah other than the purely network based differences, we have yet to truly discover the benefits to DACs/DAOs.
@_date: 2014-10-09 13:34:37
Not at all. This country is far too nationalistic and socialistic for my tastes. That said, I don't see many better options for English speakers.
If you're a US citizen, I would recommend changing citizenship solely due to the US's draconian citizenships laws.
Link:  (Just in the last few months of course)
The US is one of only TWO countries that tax by citizenship rather than location, which means double taxes for all expatriates who had not renounced citizenship.
If you're looking for everything the US has to offer, but with less guns, Toronto and Vancouver are great cities to live in. If you're interested in living the small city life, than Halifax is an awesome cities to move to.
@_date: 2014-09-05 13:43:18


I apologize you're right. This is what I meant. Hopefully we can solve this problem "effectively" for as long as possible because it's extremely useful for distributed systems.
@_date: 2014-11-09 09:36:24
Who cares? Way I see it most people who care about inequality lack an understanding of economics to such a great deal, that they not only fail to see the reason why inequality started soaring in the 70s (decoupling of the dollar with gold) but even approach the culprits asking for help (bankers/politicians who are elected by bankers, search OBAMA).
Again, if you care so much about wealth and income, learn some fucking economics bleeding hearts. I could care less about Billionaires if everyone in the world had 50,000$USD of value in their pockets right now. The problem isn't rich businessmen, it's the centralization of wealth and the leveraging of debt.
@_date: 2014-10-13 15:18:57
Not super ironic, the dude is just blinded by his past investment into gold. Think about this: Believe it or not, some goldbugs hate us, because they think crypto investment would have been gold investment, had the tech not existed.
I know right? I'm sure if you've watched the altcoin markets and the entrenchment of ideas you can relate and understand to it, but yeah, unfortunate the dude is quite smart with world markets/free market fundamentals.
@_date: 2014-09-16 12:21:11
The republican party is dead, long live the republican party!
But seriously don't donate the politicians people! Donate to one of the organizations:  or donate to ...  if you really want to waste your money bribing idiots so they don't ruin our internet money!
@_date: 2014-08-01 04:00:27
Don't tell anyone, but I know who he is. 
Its pretty obvious considering the technological advance, and the other more known one. Einstein 2.0
Just don't let any statist google "satoshi nakamoto" on youtube lol
@_date: 2014-10-29 17:31:51


Uh no. Its a great analogy. A government trying to ban math is analogous to a government trying to ban gravity.
How is this analogy **utterly** invalid or am I too stupid for that fact you don't have the time to explain ^^^(AKA  ^^You're ^^an ^^idiot) ?
@_date: 2014-07-27 03:50:46
@_date: 2014-10-17 17:43:26
Exactly. Networks are essentially middlemen in the sense that they're a medium from endpoint (customer) to endpoint (product/service) that charges a transportation fee.
Currently, the 20th century institutionalized transportation system of value is being cannibalized by it's own hubris: centralization, greed and corruption.
If there is any innovation with cryptocurrency, it is network rules dictated by math. If we can lower the current costs of the network, this would help everyone out in the economy, like all great inventions.
@_date: 2014-07-09 11:53:23


That's a pretty large generalization you're making yourself.


Usually the ones that advocate the cutting of taxes and government funding are **NOT** the same individuals as the ones advocating increasing taxes and and government spending.
Besides, the ones that want their cake (no/little taxes) and eat it too (actual public programs) are sheep who don't understand consistency for their beliefs and ideologies.
You'll find most of us at are anarchists, capitalists, and agorists. We mostly believe technology, decentralization, and individual human beings will lift us collectively from our problems. In other words: Free markets and free individuals.
Insinuating that the problem is somehow the typical southern American idiot, misses the problem. First off, this problem is global and systemic, which means neither a generation nor a specific regional collective is responsible.
If you're going to blame any *party*, blame the [Holy Roman Empire](




And now:


Source: 
So a TLDR:
It's not individual idiots from America or anywhere that created this mess weak or powerful...but rather powerful dynasties tied intrinsically to the "Establishment" post Roman Empire. Kings and Bankers / States and Banks.
These are bitcoins enemies. Deluding yourself that anarchists will not be able to innovate on top of crypto currency to further the aim of restricting the States/Banks power is futile. Learn about why crypto-anarchy is the future and embrace it, or snuggle up to the neo-liberal death cult that has destroyed cultures, peoples, and history (obviously as many don't even know what the HRE was!) and embrace the fact that within that system all children are wards of the state and all individuals expendable human resources.
@_date: 2014-05-12 16:28:40
What's your point? That national currencies aren't used for all of the atrocities you've listed? Because they definitely are...
@_date: 2014-08-21 16:01:12


What about the reparations for the loss of my other data? Address, full legal name, etc?
I personally think this IS related as bitcoin gives many businesses the opportunity to simply record the public address key of the user, and work with that, and maybe a third party company for encrypted/safe address information.
This also brings up what you PAY for that service you mentioned, namely:


Which costs money, human resources, and logistical planning. These three things cost money, which is obviously put on every user in said network's shoulders. This means this network is inefficient/can be improved, which ties nicely to **bitcoin**.
@_date: 2014-11-13 18:14:38
Hmmm... so on one hand, you have the young + tech on one side.
And the old and established banking on the other.
Sounds like one side will establish more dominance over time. And it's not the status quo institutions.
@_date: 2014-09-15 16:40:10


There's one in Halifax as well.
@_date: 2014-08-12 13:57:35


In a way it is, but you could argue that its no more harmful than advertising.
Just an email the potential client can easily choose to ignore and delete.
@_date: 2014-05-07 16:48:02
I look at it like this:
Either bitcoin becomes mainstream, in which the limited supply (millions of BTC units) become extremely valuable as they become an upper limit in the currency base.
Or it dies and loses most or all of its value.
Speaking personally, I see dangers to bitcoin, but I can't see it not becoming more widely adopted and accepted as time goes on.
@_date: 2014-10-10 10:21:48
Still, don't you find it quite unfair. On one hand, they tax people who don't even use the services those taxes provide. On the other, the US causes plenty of military strife across the globe, and that could affect your new nation's health and citizenry.
It's not like we can do anything, but anytime an American starts talking about the land of the free, it might be a nice factoid to present to them. That only them and Eritrea tax by birth instead of by location.
@_date: 2014-07-14 14:10:16
Great point but at some point ... [things]( ... [become]( ... [untenable!](
This is just today... 
I guess what I'm saying is that to control a large and complex nation, you need to pay your government agents and contractors. I'm very curious as to what the next 6 months have in store.
My question is would a weakening US dollar help or hurt bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-09-01 03:13:58
Don't feel bad for me, I have no idea why you would.
Pandering to the mob has no place in a space created by crypto anarchists and sound money advocates.
If you want a government/idiot friendly crypto, use ripple.
If you want a pseudonymous cryto which has no national borders or cultural specific morality attached to it than use bitcoin/darkcoin/anonymous alts.
You sound like you have no idea what [agorism]( is, why Satoshi released the coin, or why some of us can call it digital gold with confidence because of it's careful design.
Use dogecoin or lean a little bit about it's political underpinnings please.
[I'm only saying all of this because I LOVE BITCOIN.](
@_date: 2014-08-12 20:04:12
No idea what this comment is trying to suggest.
I'm just into philosophy and debate, so I have a hard time not calling someone out for ad hominem.
As an atheist, I also think intelligent design is stupid, but to have that pertained in a completely secular talk about bitcoin is off topic, ad hominem, and begs you to discredit their opinion on bitcoin, which is just wrong.
It's akin to attacking another person who is discussing bitcoin, because of their actual religion, like that has any bearing on the discussion at hand. Seriously.
@_date: 2014-10-09 14:07:34


Yes. In Canada, if I move to the Caribbean's, I pay taxes in the Caribbeans, even if I am still a Canadian citizen. The way it works is by location and not by nationality. This is how literally every country but the US and Eritrea work.


Nope. Oppose to the US, who will tax you the DIFFERENCE between the taxes on your location's taxes, as in, if you pay 15% in Cambodia, you pay the remaining 10% to the US, if the tax rate is 15% in Cambodia, and 25% in the US.


If you're truly interested in this, I recommend this website: 
They specialize in helping people expatriate the right way, which means making it fast and cheap. They also can help you never ever pay taxes again, but you'll need a decent amount of travel funds to make that work.
@_date: 2014-07-17 15:52:42
Thanks for the clarification. Well it seems pretty mature of VoS to apologize then.
@_date: 2014-05-09 12:11:49
Come on. A creative story for sure, but one that appeals to emotion with no evidence to the genius of creating a new form of finance...
The idea that Satoshi is [Shinichi Mochizuki]( has valid arguments. Both men are very smart in terms of mathematics, both men published their great works by throwing it on the net, and both men have said they have nothing more to say about it.
@_date: 2014-08-12 22:35:41
Fair enough. IMO, this limits your potential to learn alternative viewpoints, which you can then either incorporate or dismiss, which will ultimately make you grow as a human being.
That said, nothing you said was wrong, you can do whatever you'd like sir, just as long as it doesn't physically effect me, just remember that I also maintain the same right to complain about meta-ethics with you :-)
@_date: 2014-10-19 07:03:12
Do those networks solve the digital scarcity problem? What about fuzzily solve the byzantine general's problem?
@_date: 2014-07-17 14:40:11
welcome to modern government regulation
@_date: 2014-09-01 03:25:42


Celebs. Those people don't matter though. Those people are the people who use things when they are easy to use and already massive developed, unlike bitcoin is at the moment. In other words, who cares about what they think? It's like caring about what the average joe thought about the internet in 1994. It doesn't matter.
The "incident" will not be a "good" thing in the eyes of Americans. But again, fuck the average American. Such a typical slanted worldview. Bitcoin helps the impoverished first. Average idiots in developed nations have no need for crypto at this moment.
This is a movement that will help the poorest first, and the richer later when they see it's importance. So unless you're in Venezuela, or are an ideologue programmer like myself, why are you into bitcoin/cryptocurrency?
@_date: 2014-11-05 14:43:14
Ah yes, great argument. The guy bringing up questions and facts is disassociated, while the person with brief insults is correct right?
@_date: 2014-08-26 10:53:30


Source? Because otherwise it seems like you're just going on a tangent with your preconceived notions of how an entire species can act and will act in the future.
It's almost as akin as saying slavery is inevitable in human culture - "We've done it before we'll surely do it again!"


Ah, much better to just let 70 year old men drain our natural resources in the name of destroying humans. Good point! Horrible cause! /s
@_date: 2014-06-06 14:50:16
You make no sense. Voluntarism isn't possible because of organic cells? How about the idea that none of that applies because we're a conscious and intelligent species?
Bitcoin is heavily invested by the ancap community because it allows for freer markets and less intrusion by third parties in transactions. I think the typical socialist response is money is evil and bitcoin is evil because you can't tax it...
@_date: 2014-10-17 17:46:19
The other 6 billion!
I can't even properly evangelise crypto here in Canada. We all essentially have power banking.
But imagine a world were I could make $2,000, use that to buy 6 goats in Kenya for resources, and them all being able to double that investment!
I as an investor make money, they get a resource that was otherwise unavailable or expensive, and literally everyone profits. Capitalism at it's finest :-)
@_date: 2014-10-09 13:28:25
Oh don't get me wrong, I'm definitely anti-state and not pro-statism. That said, it's insane not to ignore our government's role in bitcoin thus far.
So far, they've been nothing but open and thoughtful about it. Obviously when you're governed by 70 year olds, it's going to take a while for them to understand this, but I felt like, specifically in this situation, the reception I saw in the video was positive.
@_date: 2014-08-12 17:41:51
Ah yes, discredit someone's opinions because of one of their opinions. I imagine that Bill Nye hates bitcoin, so...everything Bill Nye says is shit?
Not a very consistent way of thinking and this comment isn't relevant IMO.
@_date: 2014-05-09 11:17:21
Just so no one discredits the man before we look into his credentials: 
@_date: 2014-07-17 15:44:38
I had to upload a photo of my drivers license ID when I signed up, but that was awhile ago. I'm guessing this is what selfie is referring to?
Could you maybe offer us an idea of how all of this data is handled? Do you simply use this information with the banks to ensure compliance, and then remove it completely? Or do you store it on location.
@_date: 2014-09-05 13:00:49


It solves the Byzantine General's problem, and provides a working solution in the form of a distributed application/platform.
From this, we've seen blockchain technology used to replicate other "alt coins", and create the ENTIRE IDEA of crypto currencies.
What's next, is anyone's guess, but I'd wager on blockchain technology, or the Byzantine General's P2P timestamp/authentication node/server system to be used to decentralize ANYTHING/EVERYTHING.
I can't imagine how this system would work or look like in 20 years, but if I had to guess I would say it would be a world of rules governed by systems instead of a world of rulers governed by people.
Quite a huge difference.
@_date: 2014-07-15 13:14:52
Here's the link to her bitcoin focused youtube channel: 
@_date: 2014-06-23 11:44:04
Ask yourself: did the exchange he operated deal in currency? Yes it did. Did he sell a product for this national currency? Yes he did. Hence, their jurisdiction.
Swarn is inherently different. You purchase shares with bitcoin. The jurisdiction is non-existent.
@_date: 2014-09-01 06:06:01
Again, use ripple if you have no idea why bitcoin is made the way it is. Ripple is extremely friendly to people who want to adhere to financial regulation and identity based crypto.
Leave the anonymity/pseudonymity based crypto which uses sound money principles to the ones who understand why those principles are beneficial and useful for individuals.
@_date: 2014-11-09 09:40:06


The same way blind people adapted with the internet and any other electronic invention, through funding of good ideas that solve their problems.


And what about debit, credit cards, or e transfers? Sounds like a good tool (accessible cash) shouldn't ruin our love of something that helps a very sizable majority (non blind people) out with their everyday internet purchases. The market will definitely solve their problems given time. I guarantee it. There's a demand, but only when the aggregate market makes it profitable.
@_date: 2014-10-06 14:59:40
"community" - a loosely coupled group of autonomous individuals, who can all make their own unique decisions.
@_date: 2014-06-06 02:11:31
Yes but bitcoin requires all of that, a massive amount of luck and technological development, a secret Japanese genius, and a computer science breakthrough fit for the 2nd Millennium.
@_date: 2014-06-26 22:09:51
Yes but businesses rely on their reputation. As a person you can usually only swindle a business once, and the same goes for a business swindling a customer.
The only difference is a business faces thousands of unique customers, and that specific customer only deals with one or two businesses in relation to the product.
What this means is that chargebacks have a net-negative effect, as business owners either need to raise prices, implement fees for credit cards, or some other method.
A customer only has to boycott and protest the business that swindled them to do serious damage.
Rating systems work. Chargebacks suck. That's why we're in a thread with a bunch of small business owners acting excited about giving bitcoin discounts!
@_date: 2014-08-12 20:00:22


So in other words, you're discrediting this person's opinion on bitcoin, because he's a **proponent of intelligent design** gasp!
As an atheist, its pretty fucking sad. Just leave it. Now if this person was talking about evolution, I could see it holding weight. But it's not.
@_date: 2014-10-01 12:35:27


A pretty horrible marketing stunt that I also got caught up in. They promised far to much for what it was. That said, they seem pretty legit OTHER than that one gaffe.
I agree, lets stay vigilant.
@_date: 2014-11-22 21:38:37
Can you move any amount of money with your bank account? Are you one of the extremely privileged 1 billion with great banking services?
You're right if your comparing middle/upper class banking services in the developed world to bitcoin. That said, bitcoin is already better than any developed world remittance agency, and is better than 100 of the 190+ currencies in the world in terms of volatility and fungibility.
Apologies if you don't have banking services relegated to only 1 billion people in the world, and is highly regional. Apologies if your currency is a global and extremely accessible to the other 6 billion. Those would be assumptions on my part.
@_date: 2014-08-29 11:29:42
That's your opinion. Unfortunately your opinion ceases to matter when a decentralized free market is created and proven to be mostly safe for it's users.
It's a change we'll all have to learn to adapt to. You know all those prescriptions you labeled onto humans en mass? Maybe we can add: adaptable.
@_date: 2014-09-01 03:20:15
What was your question, that the people who have been discrediting bitcoin will continue doing so?
Or that we need to "prevent" people from using it for "bad things"?
Or was it that we need to pander to the current financial regulatory structure?
@_date: 2014-11-09 01:43:11
Check this out, and filter depending on how technically minded you want this understanding to go: 
Bitcoin is an interdisplinary technology, so it's quite complicated, but simply put, it's internet money.
You use a wallet that connects to other wallets in a web that forms the network. The network stores a ledger for the network, that monitors all transactions called the blockchain.
The blockchain is a tech which involved miners, where they compete to keep the network's security, a vital incredient in internet money, and they also create new coins into existence.
Wallets use something called public key cryptography, so you have a private key, something that's inside your wallet normally, and private keys, also called bitcoin addresses.
These bitcoin addresses are what you share to recieve coins, and the private key is the very important secret you must keep secret that you use to sign transactions to send bitcoin.
Again this is a new, complicated technology, but to use it, all you need to now is stuff about addresses, wallets, and transactions. You can learn more about all of this on youtube. I highly recommend watching videos. I learn best that way.
@_date: 2014-10-21 14:41:52


This is awesome. Welcome to the future, where a new invention creates an interdisciplinary field fusing economics and computer science in a new way.


I think this could advance us by 200 years on every level if we really think about: Decentralized systems that handle the distribution of products and services, where math reigns supreme and every individual thrives. We could see blockchain tech becoming the new model for an ideal network.
@_date: 2014-10-30 17:32:41


Yeah... Either the people who want these things to exist will have to build them, or we have to solve the problem with building decentralized platforms for profit. Great points. Either way we can't really complain. We either have to build these applications or fund projects that will.
@_date: 2014-07-25 12:06:54
Is that better than corncoin or wheatcoin?
@_date: 2014-08-27 03:50:59
Again, source?
Considering most birds are cooperative within their species, and considering humans surpass every other app by having advanced brains, I fail to see how we're slaves to such poor links as primal warfare within ape tribes.
Besides, none of their reasons for going to war match up with our reasons.
Also, if you think bitcoin wont stop war by becoming our ubiquitous fungible proxy for resources, then you need to check this talk out arguing it's case: 
I'm not saying you're completely wrong, I just think that we as humans can surpass our antiquated ways. We've done so many times. Like tedious manual labor for 90% population working on farms, like accepted spousal abuse/ownership, like illiteracy, I see no reason why becoming peaceful seems impossible to you.
By your logic, illiteracy is hardcore in every organisms DNA, and it's simply the way of things... until humans came along!
The fact of the matter is bitcoin makes war at the very least unpleasant for those who have to fund it. Instead of printing money for their kids to pay off, they'll need to raise taxes on the citizens of the present.
@_date: 2014-08-14 17:56:56
Exactly. Most people think of traders as bad people, but their job IS important. Certain people need certain resources. Traders get them those resources for a price they are willing to pay.
Also, traders are always working towards the fair market value through competition. This may not seem important, but determining the value of goods/services is what sets Capitalism apart from all of the other ideologies which arbitrarily price goods.
Supply/Demand FTW!
@_date: 2014-07-18 10:49:15




Any extremely powerful force has the ability to change bitcoin. Don't kid yourself. How did the US Army detain all Japanese Americans in WW2? [How did the US Army confiscate all US citizen gold?](
I think meant US government/US corporations. Not just corporations, as fascism uses both the state and state sanctioned limited liability corporations to centralize its power.






As someone who likes freedom, please attain more of a perspective towards who is implementing and believes they have a right to implement, bitcoin regulation. Then ask yourself why the creator of bitcoin created it the way they did.
Also, you should probably read this: 
If you don't like where most of the bitcoin community wants this currency to go, then just go back to state fiat and buy some 75 year war bonds... or you can form your own opinion without falling to the state like everyone is a victim and criminal.
@_date: 2014-11-05 14:05:20


We're just worried that phase one will be meaningless, as bitcoin has negatives regarding liberty as well so we believe we need to fight for it's positives.
That said I agree with you and it's why I support Darkcoin.
Bitcoin = Legal / Easy / Statist pathway. Every business. Taxes. State Sanctioned.
Some Anon Altcoin (That wins that space) = Illegal / Hard / Anarchist pathway. Only some businesses. A tax shelter mechanism. Banned by the State.
This is how I see things playing out. My only worry about a state controlled bitcoin is the idea of banning a profile (collection of addresses belonging to individual) from all transactions for political dissonance/protest. At least in our cash society we have black/grey markets for individuals, but if we give the oligarchy bitcoin on a silver platter I doubt they'll just let bitcoiners control the mainstreaming/narrative/legal framework.
This means we NEED an anonymous currency going forward, something like cash, or this decentralized system will contribute to inverted totalitarianism friendly fascism...
@_date: 2014-07-17 15:09:46
Yes. Let the bankers regulate their competition, as we can clearly see there's no need to create cryptocurrency, due to their excellent job so far. Bravo!
@_date: 2014-10-14 14:47:13
Exactly. So laws like this will push developers to create decentralized applications. Sure a dude running a node in Australia might get caught, but can every country catch every node operator?
@_date: 2014-05-07 15:30:43
I would go bullish on the coins you have right now instead of selling for a loss. If you're upset about the current return I would just hold off on purchasing/mining anymore.
The reason I would go bullish with the coins you have is the fact that there's A LOT more adoption to go around, and everyday it seems like we get closer to a larger market.
@_date: 2014-05-09 19:46:32
Not to mention they disabled [waybackmachine]( AND [google caching](
So not only did they LIE and MISREPRESENT someone, but they also HID the evidence and DISABLED openness...
Do we really need a bitcoin foundation? I for one think we're fine without it!
@_date: 2014-09-01 03:30:21
I think he's just a Keynesian with a penchant for centrally controlled, oil/violence backed currencies.
@_date: 2014-08-12 17:42:40
Some people need to circlejerk yo. Also, people who had the internet back in '92 would have said the same thing to all the '95 news stories on it. It's just starting yo.
@_date: 2014-10-30 11:21:42


Agreed. It can definitely be banned by the white markets. 100% correct. Physical locations are under the state's control.
But to say they can ban it is like saying they can ban anything people enjoy, they cant. They can't ban drugs, weapons, or any illicit goods because people are plentiful and driven and the government is inefficient and only 10-25% as big as the populace in general.


But that would never happen. Sure maybe white market businesses, but "good" businesses would still occasionally launder money through it, and black/grey market companies wouldn't care about it either.
Progressives in the US think they can dictate to the world what is puritanically correct but as this illustrates, fuck the US if the US isn't going to play ball. 


No you cannot. You can align the disincentives to force others to make one choice over the other, but like gravity, you cannot stop someone from breaking laws, only punish them for it. We're not in the minority report era yet.
@_date: 2014-09-01 03:04:39
Bitcoin is an inherently political technology that embodies freedom and liberty.
If you want to pander to government or what is legal, go ahead.
But leave your moral outrage to yourself. Many people want cryptocurrencies to be used. Period.
If they're being used for hackers to exchange things. So what. If they're being used by regular consumers. Cool. If they're used by mafias to exchange on black markets for assassination hits, who cares?
Your arguments are meaningless. The US dollar is used for LITERALLY terrorism and slavery exchanges and purchases at this very moment.
Take your moral outrage somewhere else or read a god damn book about black markets so you can at least know that at worst crypto becomes the status quo...
@_date: 2014-08-13 14:04:43
Fair enough, you don't have to explain yourself. You can listen or not listen to whoever you want.
By this logic however I'm curious, do you tolerate politicians of any stripe? Many people have no problem ignoring the fact that they knowingly lie, but I'm like you in the sense that I can't trust anything someone says after they have been proven to be a liar.
Anyway, I'm sorry I stuck a nerve! Dude sounds like a butthead.
@_date: 2014-10-30 16:45:14
I wouldn't get too bent out of shape, most people here instantly assume the foundation is evil/corrupt/criminal by default.
I just wish there was a way to decentralize organizations like this while still retaining function.
Bitcoin and other cryptos will only be as decentralized as their source management structure...
@_date: 2014-06-06 17:54:31


But the idea of a universal constant is a part of mathematics! Did you just break the matrix!?
@_date: 2014-11-22 22:04:55
Oh I know. I'm a libertarian. I deal with these folks everyday. To them, I'm just a racist, misogynist, sexist, ableist, etc...
In my opinion name calling is just a tactic to shut down debate or dissent...
An funnily enough, the temerity to call people such horrendous titles without proof should highlight the level of intellectual integrity they have...
It be akin to me calling you a pedofile because you want internet privacy. Completely bullocks.
@_date: 2014-05-09 19:44:34
What's more frustrating is that they changed it (was listed under members) and have disabled caching by google AND the way back machine history through robots.txt
If we really want this, we need a discussion about the secrecy and sketchiness of it. I personally think we DONT need a centralized foundation of rich assholes regulating bitcoin!
@_date: 2014-07-17 17:37:38
Awesome. I remember your memo regarding working with them (Iron Mountain). Thanks for the clarification!
@_date: 2014-09-01 03:28:06
Here: 
I googled it for you. Do you want me to read it for you as well?
@_date: 2014-06-06 01:50:27
"If I am elected this term, I will make the early adopters give us their bitcoins! This Satoshi fella has 800,000 bitcoins! No one should be allowed to be that bit-rich!"
I just hope they fail to underestimate their waning influence should bitcoin become the prevailing currency.
@_date: 2014-07-15 13:12:28
Source on the 90% males? Sounds like a statistic from your heart+ass.
From the video: 
@_date: 2014-09-01 03:18:48
Seriously at 2:40
@_date: 2014-08-06 15:37:56
Milton Friedman is a communist?! Surely this man is not even an anarcho-capitalist, but a SUPER anarcho capitalist!
Seriously, as far as free market economists are concerned, Milton gave us David Friedman and a ton of great arguments for less government intervention in the economy.
To think that someone at a UNI for econ hates him, and isn't a Keynesian is astounding to me.
@_date: 2014-08-12 14:06:17
Well, that only applies to people who give a fuck, and I'm sure you could just email them from your personal email asking if they're interested in BTC without soliciting them.
That and someone would need to report it to the authorities.
@_date: 2014-08-22 17:16:28


Absolutely. You could work mostly online, and just use the odd ATMs that are becoming more common to withdraw the cash, or simply barter with others in the community's forums to exchange it for some local fiat.


Who doesn't? I've definitely entertained that dream. Unfortunately it's a risky idea that could have some downsides.


Never thought about this good point.


Through black markets, for remittances - war or collapse don't end civilization. The people who volunteer to fight die, and those unable to feed themselves die. After that, it's business as usual.


I think that bitcoin is a 21st century modern technological innovation, but one that requires a modern 21st century. If we bomb ourselves back to the pre-internet, then yes, bitcoin is essentially done.


You'd be right. Get out of the military unless you want to fight the latest enemy in the middle east. Get at least 1 month worth of food and water, and move to a sub million populated city.
@_date: 2014-10-02 15:33:45


Agreed. Many of us diehards believe this is a transitionary phase though. When you start getting paid in BTC, paying rent in BTC, and buying groceries in BTC, it becomes better than fiat in every way and side steps the current transfer paradigm.
@_date: 2014-08-16 18:04:18
So lets punish all of them, including the homosexuals!
@_date: 2014-07-27 05:02:59
I should have known it wouldn't have become more PC in 20+ years... Damn you non existent mods!!!
@_date: 2014-11-18 23:17:44


They could try. I'm sure they'd do a good job too. That said, it still puts a heavy effect on the populace funding the war, instead of obfuscating it through interest rates and debt.
@_date: 2014-09-16 15:10:01
You're right, you make a good point.


See I'm not donating any of my money to politicians, the only reason I mentioned the Digital Chamber is because if some fool who believes in political action wants to give politicians money, they might as well give it to "experts". But following your logic, I agree, make your own decisions if you're knowledgeable enough.
@_date: 2014-07-27 03:55:10
For that to happen, the miners, and holders of bitcoin would have to sell their shares for less and less, all the way down to 5 cents. This means anytime someone buys 1 BTC, it would instantly go down further.
This is extremely unlikely to happen. Dumb money isn't as present in bitcoin as it is in typical stock markets, so smart money has not need to "cull the herd" so to speak. Add that to the fact that much of the smart money wants to see the price go higher, and you're looking at a restricted order book for purchases, driving the price higher.
Do you have any experience with markets to back up that question with any legitimate credence?
@_date: 2014-08-13 12:10:57
Except, a company by definition is either:
* a commercial business; or
* the fact or condition of being with another or others, especially in a way that provides friendship and enjoyment.
Unless you want to argue that the bitcoin network is a fact/condition of being with others while simultaneously providing friendship/enjoyment, I think it's safe to say it's just bad reporting.
@_date: 2014-11-18 23:20:20
The reason the US has high currency value is because it's still powerful. Only now are we seeing currency deals and new blocs beginning to emerge. It could be another 20 years before the US is dethroned from reserve status.
I think the main argument is whether or not war is *more hard* with crypto. I think the answer is yes based on the arguments I've heard.
This talk tries to capture the thought: 
@_date: 2014-10-14 14:50:26


SDRs? You mean the most likely replacement of the US dollar of the world currency reserve?
Most countries and economists want this. Average people don't matter.
That said, yes. Cryptocurrencies will eventually achieve terminal adoption velocity, but that is at least 5 years away, whereas China is already calling for the adoption of SDRs to settle international disputes and contracts.
@_date: 2014-10-30 17:18:01
Good point. I've always loved the idea of creating a decentralized bounty platform. The problem is somehow integrating user access rights to source controls in a trustless way...
@_date: 2014-07-17 17:30:13
Fair enough, I just didn't want to seem edgy.
[That said, come join us!](
@_date: 2014-10-30 11:30:30


What is it then? A bird is a biological organism. A computer program is _____?
@_date: 2014-10-30 12:50:05
But that inflation rate decreases over time, and a lower bitcoin price hurts the miners selling it in the long term.
That leads me to believe that while we've yet to hit the bottom, the price isn't simply going to fall and flatline, it will eventually rise again when inflation is less of an issue.
I 100% with you though. [Inflation!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!](
@_date: 2014-07-17 17:33:48
Well as a long time user I'm always impressed. Whether it was free trading for more than a month, divcoin, or just the constant tweaks to their exchange due to feedback.
That's not to mention you can talk to half of them in here.
@_date: 2014-06-06 17:41:16
As a saver, it makes no sense to save anymore in the traditional sense. Bitcoin or Precious Metals FTW!
@_date: 2014-11-10 22:49:04
If all the gold hawks I listen to are right, THE END IS NEAR!!!!!!!!
Then again, it's always near, and when pushed in estimating how long the USD could hold value barring a black swan event, the smart ones say 10-20 years.
That said, given THIS: 
I say that we will see increasing events related to the USD, and a collapse of its value in 2-5 years. People think it's a great store of value, because it is for now, but given that there's no more remedies for financial problems, we're done for should we face another credit crisis.
@_date: 2014-08-13 12:20:21
@_date: 2014-10-30 16:48:56
Foundation is centralized, most of us are hardcored decentralists.
That said, I have no problem with them, they're necessary for the devs and early adopters to guide their investment/tech they rightfully have power over.
That said (again), I really, really wish someone could make the whole decentralized autonomous corporation thing nice and easy so we can implement trustless and decentralized organizational structures in charge of source code and PR.
@_date: 2014-06-23 11:50:30


Which laws state this? For example in the USA: 
[The JOBS Act places limits on the value of securities issuer may offer and individuals can invest through crowdfunding intermediaries. An issuer may sell up to ***$1,000,000*** of its securities per 12 months]( (emphasis added)
As you can see, the issuer may sell up to $1,000,000 of securities. This should tell you something. This isn't a value first and foremost. It's a currency first and foremost. The dollar. Even if you lived in the USA, crowdfunding laws for US dollars do not apply to bitcoin, phone minutes, etc, etc.


Actually, just because a regulator hasn't made something "legal" doesn't make said thing illegal. Think about it. Has love been made legal? Has masturbation been made legal? Give your statist rhetoric a rest.
@_date: 2014-06-06 02:05:19
You're absolutely right, but bitcoin solves this problem. So as long as they contribute to a 1 BTC = 1 BTC world, then it doesn't matter.
I'm extremely bullish on bitcoin, the market is the entire world, and we have maybe 5% breakthrough on that. This is mostly in markets with developed banking systems.
Once bitcoin entrepreneurs innovate to simple mobile devices, and the information is out there in places like Africa, The Middle East, and Central Asia, the entire network will be much too powerful to stop.
I'm not saying bitcoin will ultimately be the coin: but network effect gives it at least a solid few years before I see any major competition.
Can you imagine what strides the world can accomplish when the entire population has excellent crypto-financial services and can prevent anyone from stealing from their accounts (trustless banking)?
I imagine a world where war is just not practical, and one where the standard or living for everyone goes up dramatically.
@_date: 2014-07-18 10:34:36


Yes. None of these are problems. When a **BANK/EXCHANGE/BUSINESS** fails, the market corrects.
What has the state run public market done with it's banks? Oh yeah, leverage all of them with "made up securities" "running off with peoples moneys" BUT the main difference is those bankers never go to trials like Karpeles and those exchanges, no matter how systemically incompetent, always operate.
Are you an American? How does it feel when your government would rather shut off public water for people in detroit, and let cities like that essentially fail "laissez faire", but pay billions of your tax dollars to multi national banks?
Oh and the reason? The banks incompetence.
But you're right. Let's continue to centralize economic and political power under one roof + stifle individual innovation. That's never happened before...
Ask yourself why you should care about my consumer protection with BTC when most of the BTC community is libertarian and want no government involvement?
Use that child actor's REALCOIN if you want a shitcoin please.
@_date: 2014-09-05 14:44:53


Rulesets verified by systems opposed to rulers verified by people.
I don't think it's a backwards statement. 
Democracy or any government uses people to elect/establish a ruler or ruling class, whereas a blockchain system uses the nodes of that system for establishing and enforcing a ruleset.
The main difference is it creates trustless environments opposed to trusted channels.
@_date: 2014-10-13 15:20:53


Good. Keep ignoring us then pops until we make software you can't ignore. People who like bitcoin and aren't libertarians are quite perplexing to me.
@_date: 2014-06-23 11:01:16
Why would it be illegal? There's no issues with national currencies involved, so I fail to see who's jurisdiction this would fall to.
You're buying digital dividends with digital money.
@_date: 2014-07-18 19:28:49


There's no profit motive for such a move, at least not for the honest Capitalist (not a statist oligarch). Besides, nothing prevents this from happening now, yet we see no such acts.
Also, isn't murder and physical violence almost universally accepted as wrong without a state? I think so.


What prevented new users to bitcoin from going to Mt. Gox while it was failing? Information? Yes. Laws? No.


I have no idea what you're attempting to suggest here either... Are you defending the police state? The surveillance state? Police brutality? The revocation of past rights once understood as given?
I don't understand. Are you saying these possible markets necessitate a priveledged class of individuals to reign above all others without oversight? Because that's what your argument sounds like: that humans are inherently bad and need to centralize themselves in an authoritative structure. As Bastiat said regarding this:


@_date: 2014-11-05 21:37:39
Your definition then?
Mine is the dictionary one:


@_date: 2014-07-28 17:12:27
Please write this book. PLEASE!!!
@_date: 2014-05-05 16:00:20
Thanks! I guess it's down at the moment too. Oh well! It's still alpha!
@_date: 2014-10-07 10:21:38
Once again, you fail to realize that there is not a unified "guys" in this equation. I just check this sub out from work: so what the hell are you talking about?
@_date: 2014-07-15 13:49:51
Well that thread poll is at least an insight.
I'm not going to deny that you're probably right, just like in most tech fields, but cryptocurrency has nothing pro-male or anti-female.
@_date: 2014-07-18 12:03:19




No there is not. You obviously don't know what a corporation even is if you're saying that. Corporations are limited liability companies. Do you know who gives them limited liability?
@_date: 2014-10-30 11:36:59
I'll agree to this. You can ban porn images for instance, but they do reduce to mathematical jpeg encodings at some point.
In other words, we're banning a certain mathematical sentence that through a compiler, becomes an image.
That said, we've never stopped the creation and trading of this illicit good, and neither will we ever stop the trading of any illicit good. Read more about black markets. Read more about the war on drugs.
Banning or making something illegal never works. Sure, it forces honest people and businesses to forgo that good/service, but many, many others still partake...
So maybe this whole discussion is a misunderstanding. I meant they can try to ban math just like they can try to ban gravity: inefficiently and with the knowledge that it simple criminalizes and ongoing function of markets.
@_date: 2014-07-17 11:41:45




So a guy who has never worked at a private company in his life, and who has spent his entire life in academia, points to bitcoin and calls it a "naturally occuring" ponzi scheme, yet fails to account for the irony, when considering these following facts:
* [The World Bank was created at the 1944 Bretton Woods Conference, along with three other institutions, including the International Monetary Fund \(IMF\). The World Bank and the IMF are both based in Washington, D.C., and work closely with each other.]( **So he works for one of the most dominant institutions for the old system (state fiat)**
* [The World Bank is funded on it's investments to nation-states, and by it's initial nation-state creators]( **Ask yourself what bitcoin competes against. Does bitcoin fund the world bank?**
* [Amid differences between the RBI governor and the finance minister, Basu commended the former, D Subbarao, for upholding the dignity and autonomy of the central bank.]( **Don't be fooled folks. There ARE differences between central bank economists and austrian/free market monetarist ones**
Anyway, would love to hear your opinions. Don't think I don't actually *like* Basu, as for a central banker is concerned, he's actually quite neutral when it comes to monetary manipulation, but defends the central bank's right to manipulate the currency if they feel the need.
Also, does anyone believe this will actually be the case?  The end of QE for the dollar?
@_date: 2014-11-22 21:48:32
Libertarians like bitcoin. Some people passionately hate libertarians.
So those people should hate bitcoin - is the pattern is see. From the sidebar of &gt; Not us but these guys are awesome too
@_date: 2014-06-06 02:23:52
Approx: 0.0015 BTC per person in the world (12M / 7B).
Assuming 0.0015 BTC = 1$, and you have a price of 666.6666666666667.
I expect this to get a lot higher though, as I believe every person in the world will have more than $1 worth of value, especially when you consider whales and lost coins.
My guess is 0.0015 BTC = $1000 approx. in the next five years.
This means a USD value of 650,000$ per BTC. Get on the spaceship now folks!
This also means that if 1 BTC = 650,000$ of value, a burger and fries would be anywhere from 1,500 - 3,000 Satoshi, or 15 to 30 BTC (you-bits).
@_date: 2014-05-09 12:38:08
Good point. I guess it's just the fact that Ted Nelson is someone reputable in the computer science space, and makes some valid claims.
The blog post referenced is nothing more than a story, that doesn't even reference a real person.
@_date: 2016-03-13 01:51:08
I hate to shill, but check this out. I love DASH, and it makes me feel the way you described: 
Also, this lady does CRYPTOCURRENCY COMPETITION, and she just spent an hour reading the whitepaper. Listen god dammit! It's worth every penny of your time.
Bitcoin Core btw, with 2mb blocksize, plus decentralized governance.
@_date: 2014-08-29 11:26:46


Does facebook's or youtube's board get charged with Terrorism when people act dumb on their sites?
No. OpenBazaar is a medium of exchange, so anything done on it is like anything done on a telephone. The technology is neutral. People are not.
That said, I wouldn't be surprised if those Tyrants take a few nodes in the network down, or arrest some of the developers. Their shittiness literally knows no bounds...
@_date: 2016-03-13 01:52:27
I hate to shill, but check this out. I love DASH, and it makes me feel the way you described used to feeling: 
Also, this lady does CRYPTOCURRENCY COMPETITION, and she just spent an hour reading the whitepaper. Listen god dammit! It's worth every penny of your time.
Bitcoin Core btw, with 2mb blocksize, plus decentralized governance.


Point of Sale you say?
@_date: 2016-01-22 20:18:42
[Before 1]( [2]( [3](
In action: 
@_date: 2016-03-13 12:32:15
Because when people feel like they have no other options, I like supplying them with hope, regardless of the bs and downvotes, I find it worth it.
@_date: 2016-03-12 18:40:02
Only completely editable from a centralized location most likely, so not trustless.
Say what you want about Bitcoin block tech, they have it designed to be trustless.
@_date: 2016-03-13 18:08:40
wew lad, i just think dash is a good crypto
@_date: 2016-03-10 13:36:56
Paper tiger, sure, but don't be surprised if they don't resist.
The FEDS use compliance for state funding. They pass a law, and if a state does not comply, they risk one of their many programs funded by the FEDS, being cut, which is politically horrible.
It's a form a bonded slavery. The payment currency would have to become near worthless IMO for states to resist inane orders from the FEDS.
@_date: 2016-03-12 18:36:05
True, but another keyword, trustless, adds a whole other dimension to our current blockchains in the wild.
@_date: 2016-03-14 14:22:28
I think Bitcoin is a fine store of value and settlement layer, but not optimal for anonymous or instant transactions like Dash.
I also wish Bitcoin implemented alt coin solutions, like Dash's masternode system, which allows for instant transactions, and splits the incentives between full nodes and miners, AND gives decentralized governance...
But sure, I am a shill, and not simply someone passionate about technology. would know what I mean.
Check this out, and research this for yourself: 
@_date: 2016-03-12 19:02:00
So... no blockchain, but an immutable ledger that's distributed amongst voluntary and open source nodes?
@_date: 2016-02-12 13:49:48
That's not 100% true. There are middlemen within the industry, usually businesses that have accredidation to be a clearing house or gateway, and are literally the ONLY provider of such.
Which, you guessed it, means shit tier service.
They could do a lot to improve their internal systems, as they are grossly inadequate, but we can build new ones without the cargo culting.
@_date: 2016-02-19 15:50:39
All mediums of exchange that are accepted by a place of business should be permitted (cash, silver, gold, bitcoin, alts, cards, etc).
@_date: 2016-02-04 14:40:04




My hope is that rather than wrangling with current laws and current regulators, blockchain technology can enable us to find alternative solutions to litigative issues, via the blockchain.
@_date: 2016-02-12 07:58:22
That's exactly right. Stores of value will be a worry if the authorities ban physical cash and go to negative interest rates to such a degree that you lose money in chequing and savings accounts.
It would create a flight to assets, be they tangible or virtual, just so long as they are free from tampering.
@_date: 2016-02-04 15:24:39
Looks like not all bitcoiners are libertarians but all libertarians are bitcoiners lol.
@_date: 2016-02-04 16:56:26
Well I think that is yet to be tested, given the evidence the article has with the lack prior cases, we honestly have to wait until we see more prevalence of the tech.
But that's my argument, the tech will continue to grow and innovate, even in the areas of decentralized contracts, notarizations, and other civil functions. We do it on the blockchain.
@_date: 2016-02-22 18:46:34
That's not him or his last name
@_date: 2016-02-12 07:55:54
Exactly, and all of this is a result of a lack of economic intelligence in the general populace, ironically from decent lifestyles.
People don't care about inflation or stores of value or fungibility or savings/investment when you can simply cheat/steal.
For things to get better, they need to get worse, a lot worse. And once our incompetent leaders can no longer help our sorry butts, then maybe we can find better leaders, with better ideas.
@_date: 2016-02-12 07:51:36
People used to call those warning of the elite banning cash and going to negative interest rates antiestablishment nutjobs too.
And guess what? That's exactly what the authorities and mainstream media is shilling lately.
The people who criticize the fear mongers look far too short term. We are warning of systemic risks, that precipitate risk and change.
That's hard to time. Gold was always a good idea, and seems so more than in the past obviously, but we're not here to make you money in the market...