@_author: joshstrike
@_date: 2012-10-09 21:19:12
rkruz, 
First of all, thanks for trying our site. I realize it's a cruel joke that we have to deny access to Americans and VPNs, even though we're in Bitcoin and we should be free for everyone to play. Believe me, I'm no happier about it than you are. Unfortunately it's just way beyond our control. I can personally recommend bitzino and sealswithclubs - I've played at both and they're both solid places to have a good game. They are willing to take risks with American law enforcement that we're not. 
There's nothing out there in Bitcoin yet that I would recommend with the range of games or quality of StrikeSapphire, but I expect other players to move in within the next 6 months - 1 year.
I checked our records, and we did spot your VPN and block it a couple days ago. Wish I could tell you otherwise, but the rules is the rules. If it ever becomes clear that handling bitcoin bets originating in the US is legal, we would love to have you join us.
Josh Strike
Founder / Owner
@_date: 2011-07-21 14:13:54
I'm pimping my own, and proud of it ;)
I'm glad Joey likes the site. Poker players tend to be more loyal than other types of gamers. Anyway, you're assuming I'm sneaky. Give me the benefit of the doubt.
Side point: I submitted this project to Ycombinator about 6 months ago when it was already 90% coded, and they turned it down...not that they're probably crying over that, but I'm not shy about having my own opinions. (YC eventually banned my original handle for, well, basically talking smack about what was happening to HN's culture).
@_date: 2011-07-21 16:02:41
Right. As you can see, I'm new on reddit, I've actually never used it before. I use my own handle pretty much everywhere online. I found this on page 2 of a google search for my site's domain. I don't need/want to astroturf or spam for my site, it's really not my style. It's actually possible for a site to generate fans on its own, you know. Bitcoin has a lot of vocal supporters. And it's nice to hear, because it tells me I'm doing something right. Not sure what else to say except that your suspicion is unfounded and you're just trolling up somebody's compliment. You could run bitco.in for all I know. I could go around accusing you of something that there's no proof of, I suppose the point being to undermine your credibility like you're trying to undermine my credibility... but do we seriously need to allow this to degenerate to that level? What do you want, me and Joey to both show up at your house with passport photos? I am not the guy, he is not me. Fin.
@_date: 2011-07-22 00:10:29
Thanks man. It took me about a year and a half actually, plus 9 months of beta testing (300+ releases), plus an unexpected year trying to raise investment and figure out what to do with it while twiddling around and coding a few new games until I decided to go with Bitcoin. I started laying the code in early 2008 right after I finished SexyPolitics. This is, and was, a solo project done on the off hours of a (mostly underpaid) self-taught programmer... all I really want is to make enough to sit back and work on this all day, keep coming up with new games and toys for people to have fun with, and most of all hear that people like it. Some people are motivated by money, ironically for a guy who started a casino, that isn't my motivation, other than freeing me out of drudgery enough so I can make even more intricate toys to play with.
So it really means the world to me to get some praise from someone who understands the sweat and tears that went into this, and to know that my work is valued somewhere. Means more than all the money I'd ever make off it.
@_date: 2011-07-21 11:49:26
Hah. Just found this.
First off, I'm not Joey. And I never wrote a book with a character named Joey. Although I did write a book with a character named Chevy. //edit: Actually, there's a minor character named Joey at the beginning of one of em. It's true. I'm still not him.//
Secondly, about the tor/blockscript thing, our real-money membership is private and we are definitively not taking bets from the US or other countries where online gambling is banned. To ensure we're complying with the laws, we need to know where people are coming from and verify them prior to deposit.
This puts us at a bit of a disadvantage in terms of getting our games up to speed, of course, but we're okay with slow growth. Blocking the US and proxies is the only responsible course of action for us. We believe that part of Bitcoin growing up and becoming widely accepted must mean the entry of companies capable of policing themselves and acting according to applicable law. We're taking this one obstacle at a time. Our hope is that our presence in the market will encourage legal players to buy some Bitcoins to try our site, and help fuel the growth of the currency. The last thing we want to do is draw negative attention to our company or to the currency, and we're asking for the BTC community's cooperation to help us police our service and to keep things safe and legal.
@_date: 2011-07-21 14:07:19
For the record, haakon, I didn't downvote you. I did reply, at the bottom of this whole thread. And I'm not Joey. I can promote my own site just fine. I don't know why you're so hostile to it, or what we did to earn that. I'm not saying we're the biggest site ever to hit Bitcoin, we're small compared to the players who'll move into the market next, if things continue. I don't think we did anything to earn the hostility, but it's a free country*
@_date: 2013-01-12 12:57:14
Thanks for joining! StrikeSapphire has been open to the public since July 2011, and our software's been under development since 2008. We're the oldest and most complete bitcoin casino around. Our audience is relatively small because, like sgtspike pointed out, we don't take US players, who are the majority of the people who want to gamble with Bitcoins. We have even less of a poker crowd, but there are usually people around for our nightly freerolls (10pm GMT).
Still, we're legit! We always hold at least 5x total player deposits on immediate reserve, and you can check out our payout and card shuffle, spin and roll history for all of our games in the "Transparency" link at the bottom of our site.
@_date: 2013-01-13 01:16:44
From my understanding, the reason they're getting so much press compared to SealsWithClubs or Switch Poker which have both been running games for awhile in Bitcoin is that they are prepared to take it to court. At least that's what I've heard they've been telling journalists. Since they're *only* poker and don't have other games like we do, they might stand a chance at getting over some of the hurdles by arguing on the commerce clause and poker being a game of skill. That's the argument a lot of poker sites would like to have made if the federal gov't hadn't simply shut down their lines of funding on black friday. (PokerStars, Full Tilt, et. al. were shut down under the UIGEA, which is probably not applicable to Bitcoin).
All this will only happen if Infiniti ever actually launches. But it's their litigious stance that's making waves in the press more than anything else.
On top of that - Infiniti's owners are Canadian, unlike seals, bitzino, satoshidice, or us.
@_date: 2013-01-13 00:56:52
That's a common misconception based on a single US federal law that bans poker, the UIGEA, which only regulates currency transfers. But in fact what everyone ignores is that there are state laws, not federal laws, against unlicensed games of chance -- and specifically dice, card and roulette games -- in pretty much all of the 50 states. And it doesn't matter if they're played for money or chips or peanuts. If they're not licensed by the state, they're illegal. Poker's a little more of a gray area because some states consider it a skill game. But even those states -- with the exception of a recent freak ruling by a district court judge in New York -- will prosecute running an unlicensed poker game for rake or profit. And different states have different rules about rake, e.g. in California it has to be a flat drop based on the number of players and can't be related to bet size.
Any district attorney anywhere in the US can make a criminal case against a bitcoin casino under those laws, whether bitcoin is a currency or not. There are people in California who've gone to jail for running private poker games for charity. There are even people in other parts of the country who've been indicted in Washington State just for linking to casinos on their website -- without even taking bets at all. That's because Washington, Minnesota and Louisiana make it a crime to even promote gambling. That's why when you type in "bitcoin casino" on google you don't see any adwords ads - because google won't run them in the US for fear of running afoul of those laws. So unfortunately it's just not as simple as declaring that it's not a currency and taking bets in it =\
edit - possibly the only place in the US it would be legal to take players from would be on federal property or from an Indian reservation or the Marshall Islands. Everywhere else you'd be in trouble with the state that the player originated from. No one talks about this in the new Bitcoin casino industry, and I can't imagine why except they probably haven't consulted lawyers yet.