@_author: joshgoldeneagle
@_date: 2017-11-07 22:46:52
You may be right... though gold and silver aren't used that much nowadays for individual transactions.  If I was going to a retail store or a restaurant, for example, they probably wouldn't accept gold or silver for payment.
At the same time gold and silver are still used as a store of value.  So even if bitcoin is never used much for day to day transactions, it still can be quite advantageous as a store of value.  In some respects bitcoin can be easier to store and transport than gold and silver, and perhaps has a more limited supply.
Thoughts? 
@_date: 2017-11-07 23:36:09
Explain your position.  Your subjective statements are subjective.
@_date: 2017-11-08 01:11:12
Perhaps perhaps. I see gold and silver have some definite advantages. 
Aside from gold and silver, let's then consider three additional examples as to why bitcoin could be a store of value without being used for every day transactions.
I hear that people in Zimbabwe, where there is a severe shortage of US currency, and in Venezuela, where there is serious inflation, are into using bitcoin as a store of value if they are able to do so, even though they don't use for day to day transactions.  Other countries that have problems with their governments' printing too much paper money might have citizens that are starting to like bitcoin as well.  If I was a citizen in one of these countries, I would be doing everything I can to store value in the form of bitcoin.  
In the U.S. inflation will one day be a more visible and pressing problem at some point, and bitcoin (or other cryptocurrency) could provide a safe harbor.
Shares of stocks are not used in every day transactions (i.e. retail purchases).  Yet stocks are used as a store of value.
Shares of commodities (barrels of oil, coffee, etc) are not used in every day transactions.  Yet shares of commodities are used as a store value?  Or are they not?
I see bitcoin as a type of commodity, except having a much more limited supply than most.  