@_author: joskye
@_date: 2019-11-25 10:32:21
The Particl marketplace has been live since the end of August and we are now accepting Bitcoin payments.
- 
More is explained here.
@_date: 2018-10-03 12:03:22
Firstly not a utility token. Secondly not an ICO. Thirdly if your entire analysis is based on ATH and price then you should save everyone else the effort of your opinion.
@_date: 2018-10-03 12:07:00
Well I guess you could download the testnets which have had functional marketplace, escrow, ringCT and listings *for months*.
Whats really sad is that you fronted all your falsehoods with DYOR; ironic given your lack of it...
@_date: 2016-11-07 05:04:39
So is this leading to a contentious hard fork in bitcoin then?
Guess bitcoin and eth will have one more thing in common going ahead...
@_date: 2016-11-16 07:53:35
Yes the global economy would grind to a halt if it had to settle for 10 minute confirmation times every time money changed hands...
@_date: 2016-11-16 07:43:37
10 minutes to settle a transaction is still slow. Imagine doing that with a debit card every time you purchase something in a day... no thanks, I'll stick with visa.
@_date: 2017-01-12 21:07:10
To China? Ich denke nicht.
@_date: 2016-11-07 05:02:53
So much for a united community or supporting adoption then...
You should think about what you say and what affect it will have on people reading it.
@_date: 2016-11-07 05:47:30
Actually the ETH hardforks since the DAO have been non-contentious.
I'm not sure if bug fixing and protocol improvements should be an argument against improved functionality.
That's like saying we should never use cars because their parts occaisionally need fixing or that it violates their immutability of form.
Also the decline in ETH value has more to do with general movements in the altcoin space, and trader boredom awaiting further developments in ETH drawing speculative interest elsewhere.
Your point may be rendered further moot since a contentious hardfork may occur in btc soon just to add long needed basic functionality to handle transaction volume from its increasing mainstream interest.
@_date: 2016-11-07 05:03:37
So much for a united community or supporting adoption then...
You should think about what you say and what affect it will have on people reading it.
@_date: 2018-06-25 16:15:21
Its called creating liquidity demand that favours BTC/crypto over fiat and commerce environments that can function genuinely independent from fiat.
All your comment demonstrates is that you cannot see the forest from the trees with regards value transfer, crypto and a whole host of things but more importantly:
- You don't care about cryptocurrency since you'd rather consider projects that bring it non-speculative adoption a "scheme"
- You don't care about privacy since you don't seem to care about the importance of the CT &amp; ringCT protocols for ensuring maximal privacy of transactions for any marketplace participants.
- You don't care about genuinely creating ecommerce environments that are genuinely decentralised not just in currency but in listings, security and escrow.
- You'd rather we were dependent on the fiat economy and all its geopolitical trappings rather than evolving towards truly decentralised commerce (based on your clear desire to hate on such solutions).
- You don't understand or care about the relevance, implications or importance of creating a global, decentralised economy that can exist independent of regional fiat currencies.
I mean sure you clearly love XMR so much even though its utterly dependent on centralised trading services and fiat gateways but when a service comes along that offers it genuine separation from that you cry fake.
Your comments means you only see BTC and XMR as purely speculative instruments and really that means you are only looking to sell to greater fools whilst claiming projects aiming to be genuinely more are scams... by you who is really a self confessed scammer!
You are cryptocurrencies biggest hypocrite.
@_date: 2016-11-04 11:08:19
Opinions are worthless. Arguments are golden.
@_date: 2016-11-04 11:05:05
Gratz for finally learning shorting! Maybe you should mention the bit about margin lending as well for the newbs! ...
@_date: 2018-06-25 16:40:13
Actually it was a 14% gain but keep talking, *maybe* you'll get your predictions right at least half the time... ;)
@_date: 2016-11-07 05:03:46
So much for a united community or supporting adoption then...
You should think about what you say and what affect it will have on people reading it.
@_date: 2018-06-24 02:43:14
Umm a fully decentralised, censorship/takedown resistant marketplace which accepts Bitcoin for the buying/selling of goods and services independent of fiat and is being actively developed by one of the major contributors to the BTC Core coidebase is bad for Bitcoin and cryptocurrency *how*?
Literally the dumbest most nonsensical comment I've read all day. Next thing you might as well claim decentralisation is a bad thing for Bitcoin....
@_date: 2016-11-07 05:06:24
Ahh censorship resistant community...
A censored community isn't really a community at all.
@_date: 2018-06-30 09:53:33
I have no interest in reptilians... Cats maybe.
Decentralised marketplaces provide significant benefits to Bitcoin or indeed any cryptocurrency that can leverage them by virtue of untangling them and goods exchange from fiat dependence and shifting the volume of global value transfer and liquidity away from fiat. 
Its an abstract concept to some yes but your ignorance or denial of it doesn't invalidate a single point I've made.
There are also geopolitical implications to this which seem to have gone over your head but frankly since your filter is set to Icke I think the ceiling of any conversation you and I will ever have is mediocre.
@_date: 2018-06-25 16:36:30
You're a poser.
Feel free to do it then convert that BTC to fiat to buy goods on your centralised services because being a traitor to Satoshi's vision looks like the only suit you're ever wearing.
@_date: 2018-06-24 10:55:27
Your link is misleading and fake news. 
The statement in the link clearly states changelly will settle any fiat refunds/balances once appropriate information by the user has been supplied. 
Given this regards fiat and compliance with international regulations to prevent money laundering is the legally required norm in order to even obtain a licence to handle international fiat transfers it's due diligence on their part to stop their fiat gateway from being shut down.
If you have a problem with that you can always convert to and settle in crypto to withdraw. If you do know a direct fiat gateway which doesn't require KYC I'm interested; bitching about it though reveals naivete about the financial world on your part. 
I guess we might as well not bother with fiat gateway period and try to get mainstream adoption of crypto without it? That's the logical conclusion of your belief system and one that's simply not going to work. Partnerships like this should be celebrated, not frowned upon; 
Particl + Changelly allows fiat to become crypto, buy/sell goods in crypto and removes any need to go back to fiat. How is this a bad thing for crypto?
@_date: 2016-11-07 04:41:25
Why is PoS insecure?
@_date: 2018-06-25 23:09:25
There's plenty of benefit for online decentralised marketplaces that accept BTC for the buying and selling of goods such as Particl is doing.
Unfortunately backwards hypocrites like you who are anti-decentralisation and pro-fiat dependence i.e as anti-BTC as you can get either don't see this and would rather sell to greater fools as part of your scam games.
You are shown opportunities to encourage the spread, adoption and usage of BTC and its liquidity independent of fiat and all its inherent problems yet you spit on them. You're a disgrace to Satoshi's legacy.
@_date: 2018-06-25 23:18:27
Its good to see cynical, scammer speculators like you calling services and technologies that can liberate nations from the ever present threat of fiat hyperinflation, corruption, identity and IP theft whilst making settlement infinitely more efficient and secure a scam.
But as I've already statred and you've willingly ignored my arguments about why private decentralised commerce can benefit traditional businesses to spread your misinformation and hate filled world view. 
My intentions are crystal clear; unfortunately you lack the vision or imagination to share them and would rather live in a world upselling penny stocks with zero utility to greater fools (i.e. you would openly scam people) rather than building anything genuinely world changing, improving or liberating. 
Good luck.
@_date: 2018-06-25 16:21:36
Your argument is contradictory and makes no sense.
Privacy serves to protect individuals and businesses from exploitation, fraud and theft of trade secrets, manufacturing processes, classified R&amp;D, vital intelligence. 
In nations where political corruption is the norm and stability of fiat currency or protection from extortion or bribery cannot be guaranteed, private cryptocurrencies on decentralised marketplaces offer the means of safe, efficient, settlement.
Its unfortunate your narrow worldview of privacy can only extend to darknetmarkets. Sad. You've obviously never had your personal data stolen from a 'trusted' 3rd party website or provider and then auctioned off to be used in fraud. Shame on you.
@_date: 2017-05-13 20:17:52
**That is factually incorrect.**
Compare cost of investigations and treatment for simillar conditions for the UK and US and you'll see *you are very wrong.*
Nb for the vast majority of things I personally think free-market is superior but in the realms of healthcare, transportation I think a universal public system is far superior in terms of cost and efficiency.
@_date: 2017-05-13 20:23:39
Actually if you don't pay taxes in the UK you either incur debt and sometimes prison time but the latter rarely.
You still have access to free healthcare though. So what you've said factually incorrect.
Also the closure of public healthcare with the end of Nazi Germany is completely incidental. *You can have one without the other.*
You've not actually explained why publicly funded healthcare is tyrannical in anyway and as I clarified citizens of the British state still have access to it even if they don't pay for it which makes your argument fall apart.
@_date: 2017-05-13 19:36:27
Umm ok mister immortal...
Look I get it your ego has been wounded so rather than admit you are wrong you confabulate a twist of logic so wrong it's obvious the only thing you want to protect is your wounded pride.
One day if you have the misfortune of becoming legitimately sick and having your health decline at a relative rate faster than the norm, I hope you look back on this day and come to regret what you have said and straight out apologize. That would be the more mature thing to do.
@_date: 2017-05-14 00:17:50
I know that access to medical records and patient data sharing between hospitals in the United States is very fragmented and restrictive specifically as a result of corporate privatisation and ownership of these records.
This means when traveling between different states and presenting with an on going problem, it is not uncommon to have investigations otherwise unnecessarily repeated.
At least this is what an American professor of anesthesiolgy told me last year.
I find it odd that in a medical culture which is so renowned for being highly medicolegal that a system is designed to enable exposure to the added risk of repeat investigations.
@_date: 2017-05-13 19:31:29
Also Switzerland has a lower population, lower population density and higher GDP per capita.
I wondered if you factored this into your analysis but hint, hint when comparing healthcare systems or indeed any system your unmeasured variables should match as closely as possible in order for any comparitive analysis to be valid.
I'm sorry but your arguments don't make any sense when put into demographic and localised contexts. 
But please feel free to continue comparing apples to oranges though; your intellectual blindness amuses me.
@_date: 2017-05-13 19:41:01
And will become a scapegoat as politicians cover their asses and deflect for a long accidentally engineered national scandal bred by systematic IT incompetence.
@_date: 2017-05-13 20:41:18
Doesn't this technically apply to any government tax funded service in any country?
@_date: 2017-05-13 20:44:47
Bit presumptuous of me but I personally believe if you were *really* sick I don't think you would care as long as the quality of care provided was good.
I'll respect you regardless of whatever stance you take if the time comes though since holding this sort of position above self preservation takes fortitude.
@_date: 2017-05-13 20:58:44
Actually it wasn't. It was a series of independent charities that evolved into more formally governed independent bodies that agreed to a loose framework of interoperation with minimal government oversight.
That standard of operation still exists today. It is vastly inefficient IMO.
If you look into the finer detail you'll realise that the government owns very little of the NHS; they set basic edicts over certain standards but management of hospitals including budgets and service provision is driven at a local level.
In many ways the NHS operates closer to your anarchocapitalist vision than you realise. Believe me it's led to a lot of systematic ineffiencies in this model creating the current funding crisis the NHS as a whole currently faces.
@_date: 2017-05-13 19:56:21
The real scandal is that IT service provision in the NHS is administered and lead from the ground up (local level) rather than the top down (national/government level).
Because most NHS providers operate and are managed as independent trusts functioning completely separate of each other this means the UK has wound up with multiple, competing, IT service systems that vary based on postal/zipcode.
As a result there are multiple, incompatible IT services for patient records, imaging and test results incapable of sharing data between hospitals efficiently.
Nothing exists on a universal data cloud. If I want to transfer blood results from one NHS hospital to another chances are I will have to print those results and post them.
I've worked in 30 different hospitals in the UK. They all use their own proprietary IT systems with local IT admin teams, software solutions and update schedules.
As such there is *nothing* national about IT service provision in the NHS other than it is inconsistent and leads to the creation of systemic inefficiencies and unnecessary bureaucratic and adminstrative burden that constitute a great deal of hidden, unrecognised and often unacknowledged expenses burdening the NHS.
In fact formal NHS privatisation although it's happening will not solve thess problems; if anything it will exacerbate these data sharing and administrative problems leading to poorer patient care, more *unnecessary* testing, further fragmentation of care and the burdens of medicolegal medicine with all the impact on increased healthcare costs and decreased healthcare accessibility from rising insurance premiums at the individual level.
In short the NHS in many ways resembles the private sectors of many other countries with the exception that entry/access costs are made automatically free for citizens via taxpayer subsidization.
@_date: 2017-05-13 20:54:48
I think we have to respectfully disagree here. 
I'm going to use the benefit of personal and professional experience here and say your welcome to your opinions but in a medical emergency or acute delirium people have *never* discussed politics with me or chosen political beliefs over their right to free healthcare.
If you do you'd be the first among thousands. I hope you can hold yourself to the standard you've set, but if you change your mind feel free to explore an alternative point of view.
@_date: 2017-05-13 20:50:45
I'm just going to ask: have you looked into or thought about the impact of privatisation of UK railroads on cost of rail travel and resultant mobility of the populace + impact on housing prices, rents and creative idea exchange?
@_date: 2017-05-13 19:21:32
Travel a little and you'll realise the standard of healthcare provided by the NHS is comparitively pretty good. 
Even many NHS employees don't recognise this.
That said the reality is it isn't really a national health service except in name as service provision and management is heavily siloed and fragmented.
Anyone who has worked in that system inter regionally or has a chronic health problem and moved from one county to another will understand what I've said immediately.
@_date: 2017-05-13 20:40:13
Could you clarify why you feel the NHS is built via state tyranny?
@_date: 2017-05-13 19:24:53
If the system works and people are happy then what exactly is wrong with it?
Also how does this make the healthcare system oppressive or tyrannical in anyway?
@_date: 2017-05-13 19:39:25
Trust me the problem is a failure to make the systems of data sharing and information technology universal and consistent between hospitals.
This creates a lot of systematic and unnecessary inefficiecies, increases bureaucracy + cost of bureaucracy and multiplies the surface of attack vectors for service disruption at individual, local and regional levels.
@_date: 2017-05-13 19:17:12
Yes the OP title is true but let's face it BTC got some terrible PR yesterday that was awful for the whole cryptosphere too.
How about the BTC devs step in and help find the people who unleashed this attack as a measure of goodwill to the world?