@_author: jotakami
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:05:55
Of course, they can do anything they want! Not really... but seriously, this is why traditional securities exchanges are HEAVILY regulated.
If it looks like an exchange is doing something shady then people will stop using it. But in crypto, there are so many newcomers that even a shady company can get away with ripping off customers for a long time.
This is also related to the alleged Tether fraud. Basically, there is a crypto called Tether that claims to back all of their digital assets with real dollars in a bank somewhere. But there isn't any verifiable proof that they actually have the dollars they claim to have. And they could easily operate with fractional reserves, or use the dollars entrusted to them to speculate in the markets.
In other words... crypto is still the wild wild west, and the safest bet is to buy only large, well-established cryptos and keep them in a wallet that you control.
If you insist on keeping your crypto in an exchange so you can jump on trading opportunities, make sure to at least harvest profits and withdraw them frequently so you don't lost everything.
@_date: 2017-12-20 20:44:32
Tell me about it... I've got all my coins locked up in an unconfirmed transaction because Whaleclub is too fucking cheap to put a reasonable transaction fee on my withdrawal T_T
The insanity around Coinbase's BCH launch is probably driving extra transaction volume as people try to move their coins into exchanges to trade on the price movement. Plus, as the fees get ridiculous, fewer people will be willing or able to send coins which should also reduce transaction volume.
But... ugh. This really needs to be addressed in the very near future or there is going to be a tight ceiling on the BTC price.
@_date: 2017-12-20 21:19:34
Exchanges don't need to issue transactions on the blockchain to settle trades. They just have an internal ledger for all their customers that keeps track, like any other financial institution. It's only when a customers deposits or withdraws coins that a transaction is broadcast to the blockchain.