@_author: joyelectricboy
@_date: 2017-12-20 08:43:06
Whalepanda just now tweeted out these connections so I’m sure this will get attention.
it sure does explain why CNBC has given Roger Ver a totally uncritical platform for “his project”
@_date: 2017-08-25 17:47:06
No idea what gilding is. I want it though.
@_date: 2017-07-18 07:22:03
This is a good question. Remember that viable currencies need two properties. They need to be a good store of value and a good medium of exchange. 
Right now, bitcoin is an excellent store of value. It's an ok medium of exchange but the current debates going on are all around how to make it better and easier to exchange at scale.
Volatility doesn't usually undermine a currency being a good medium of exchange (as long as you avoid situations like Weimar Germany where people needed wheelbarrows of money due to hyperinflation). It should also be pointed out that fiat currency markets have been seeing unprecedented volatility the past few years: a 20 standard deviation event in the Swiss Franc two years ago, an even higher SD event in the Euro before that, Brexit and the Pound, Rubble in 2014, etc etc.
When it comes to currencies being a store of value, volatility can undermine a currency being a good store of value IF the volatility is *bad* volatility. Not all volatility is bad - you wouldn't mind holding something that goes down a little and then up a lot then down a little, etc etc. 
You should look at things like the Sharpe Ratio or Sortino Ratio to measure the value of any investment relative to the volatility it has compared to other investments including "risk free" investments. When you look at Bitcoin, it's Sharpe Ratio is excellent and it's Sortino Ratio is pretty much unmatched. This is why the past few years Bitcoin has really taken off as a store of value (hodling, replacement for gold, etc) even while it's still getting its feet under itself when it comes to the "medium of exchange" portion.
It's also worth pointing out that bitcoin doesn't need both of these aspects to be incredibly valuable. There's plenty of financial instruments that only have one or the other characteristics and yet are vastly more valuable than bitcoin is right now (at least for the time being...). Volatility, as long as its the good kind, doesn't hurt that.
