@_author: jp_rosser
@_date: 2019-07-07 18:49:59
Isn't the issue with the addresses the bitcoin went to, rather than the bitcoins themselves? The article suggests the US are going to go after the exchange(s) that allowed the bitcoin to go to those tainted addresses. That matches with the usual approach of the US, by which I mean if dollars go to a bank account linked to ISIS (for example) then the person who made the transfer would be hit with fines. That doesn't mean the dollars that went into that bank account are a problem and they could go back into circulation. I assume the same applies for the bitcoin that went to the tainted addresses. As such I don't see how tainted addresses have a bearing on whether bitcoin are fungible.
@_date: 2019-03-17 20:53:47
I think you're suggesting that bitcoin has 0 volatility and that the volatility is all on the fiat side. Let's say for a moment that your proposition is correct, how do you explain the changing exchange value of bitcoin to litecoin, which has broadly the same properties and function as bitcoin?
Using your proposition the exchange value of those two would be fixed because both have a release schedule that is known before hand, so we can know their exact decreasing inflation rates.
The exchange value of bitcoin to litecoin has fluctuated so simply knowing the release schedule and supply cap isn't enough to remove volatility.
@_date: 2019-10-20 15:27:03
Why do people give gold such a high value? Well this will be part of the reason:  Practical use will give something value. Its hard to use bitcoin in the manufacture of physical goods since its a purely digital asset
@_date: 2019-06-28 18:02:32
It would be helpful to have two graphs based on the same unit of measurement and time period to make an informed comparison. In the absence of that my only thought on what you've provided is that non-fiat assets fluctuate in value compared to fiat, which is stating the obvious
@_date: 2019-06-13 17:59:21
As per Jevons money is recognised by having three particular functions: a medium of exchange, a unit of account and a store of value. I haven't yet been given a cogent argument as to how bitcoin fulfils these three functions. If anyone wants to explain it to me or can link me to an existing article on the subject then I'd appreciate it
@_date: 2019-06-13 19:53:43
Actually I used one of the Economic reference books at work. We've got an interesting little collection that includes Adam Smith, Marx, Keynes and Friedman (no von Hayek I noticed). That doesn't mean Jevon was correct, but his theory on the nature of money is generally accepted by economists. Again general acceptance of a theory isn't proof, but it does give it weight. It's interesting to see you've used a description that bears similarities to Jevon but with some subtle differences. If it's not a bother I'm hoping you will answer two follow up questions:
1) is your description of money based on the work of a particular economist?
2) you've said that money can't be created out of nothing. You can probably guess what I'm about to ask, and I'm not a programmer so please excuse my ignorance, but isn't that what happens with bitcoin? I mean you're talking about an intangible thing, a digital asset. Are digital assets created from nothing? Or have I missed something obvious?
@_date: 2019-06-16 10:18:07
Nostradamus gave 942 predictions. Maybe a dozen of these appear to have come true. So i'd suggest the lesson is that if you have enough people making predictions about bitcoin then you'll find at least one person who turns out to be correct. That doesn't mean they had any special insight though
Edit: corrected the dreaded autocorrect
@_date: 2019-04-08 17:41:20
Bitcoin - allowing you to take back control of your money from faceless corporations by voluntarily putting control of your money into the hands of anonymous individuals plugging bots. I look forward to receiving my own invite soon!