@_author: jprez38
@_date: 2018-01-12 15:13:28
I wouldn’t 100% say most success is based on luck outright. Generalizations tend to lead to misunderstandings. But I do agree that there is much more luck than many are willing to admit. Why? Because luck doesn’t always manifest in market fluctuations. Sure, building a company from scratch may be 60% skill and 40% luck, investing on finance similar(unless you’re value investing, but even then you need luck for people to pay attention to you), and there definitely is skill in outputs. But, what most of the world fails to understand is the luck you have and are born with.
I’m a perfect example. I did not grow up rich, my family always has had financial issues, and I took on well over 6 figures of debt to go to college and have really had to bootstrap my way through life. But I’m lucky? How. Influence spheres. My mother challenged me a lot on my education, my father encouraged me to learn about finance so we can be better prepared. I had amazing mentors even if I had no network. I was able to from that learn how the world works and my path to success. I have skill in that I know what to do and know my industries, but my ability to learn, participate in them, have just enough resources to go to one of the best schools. That is all luck. I personally wish more billionaire understood this. Guys like Buffet do, and he’s admitted it dozens of times. Many are so caught up with Ayn Randian philosophies and deluded by their temporary success (Mark Cuban cough cough) that they believe in their own superiority. The reality is the circumstances of birth, and sometimes luck in markets pays off massively for one person.
Cuban is a good example of a billionaire who was truly lucky actually. He was one of the few who cashed out at the tech bubbles heights and just happened to get lucky on market timing. Some skill there, but mostly luck. But he’s always had a massive ego. He named his yacht fountainhead, celebrated his own success, and said you should devote all your resources to one thing to concentrate on it. I wouldn’t take advice from Cuban ever. In fact, the billionaire that do so are the ones who lose their wealth.
Keeping wealth isn’t an easy thing to do. Buffets method does it, but not Cubans. That’s why many billionaires lose it. They’re often too leveraged and to exposed to 1 position.
@_date: 2018-01-12 06:52:26
Bonds aren’t equities man. You really shouldn’t compare the two. It’s not even close to apples to apples. Fixed income is much less subject to short term debt cycles than equities are. And QE programs are scaling back globally. ECB just dropped theirs and are raising rates, fed is too, Japan’s central bank can operate on the fringe and won’t matter as much because the Japanese economy is in many ways pretty isolated. 
High correlations amongst asset classes are in general signs of bubbles. Because when the only way to lose money is if your in shorts, people just buy anything. ETFs gaining traction is only a tiny bit influenced by that. A lot of them gaining traction is because many investors have realized that hedge fund fees are bullshit and unless you get lucky and pick the right ones, you’re likely to underperform the market. ETFs just make sense.
And about value investing, what I mean is it doesn’t affect the core tenants of it. Right now S&amp;P500 P/E is almost 27, that’s way too high traditionally. Price is too high, price to book is to high. At the end of the day, stocks are overvalued right now. Value investors respond by either a) doing nothing if they are passive investors or investors taking advantage of cost averaging formulas, or b), start shifting some stocks(not all) to bonds or cash(maybe cash considering just how saturated debt markets are and the decreased appetite for US treasuries).  Low rates that fuel the bull don’t impact my strategy as a value investor, it just means I’m not buying right now. I’ll buy when everyone starts selling. I have no idea when that will be, and I don’t really care. I’m just set up to buy when it happens. Exactly what Buffet is doing and always does. 
The biggest problem with markets is we all think we’ve figured out the new way to get rich. And we always think things are different. But they’re not. It’s always the same in the end. It’s just a new form of bubble to look out for. At the end of the day, value is what matters. Some people will get rich in bull run ups, but me, I don’t care about getting rich. I want stable investment growth while protecting myself. If everyone else was this way, markets wouldn’t be so unstable. Admittedly they’ve gotten better, but we still let our guard down too much and get greedy far too often.
One last thing, I really do recommend reading the intelligent investor. It’s by far the best book on personal finance and investing hands down. Graham knew his shit
@_date: 2018-01-12 06:01:34
Used to be mine too. I worked in hedge funds on Wall Street for a bit and went to school in ny and studied finance computer science and physics. I gave it up and switched to software for ethical reasons as well as just getting a bit bored. I still love investing, markets, finance and economics, but it’s a personal passion, not my employment anymore. Unless you’re super rich, finance industry employment can kinda suck. 
In general, many on Wall Street overcompensate and overcomplicate. It’s kinda their job for one, and second, they aren’t in it for the long haul. Most people on Wall Street suffer from the same issues as everyone else. They get too excited when making money and they don’t know themselves well enough to pull back. Markets get hot, and people forget everything they should know about value. 
Buffet isn’t just respected for that at all. Value investors have deeply respected his adherence to the philosophy and their still are plenty of value investors from Baupost to Bridgewater, and many others. It’s not the only way to make money, but it really is the only way that doesn’t have a significant element of luck to it. 
And about rates, they can’t be permanent man. It creates serious problems to keep them ultra low. They’ve honestly been too low for too long imo. Inflation isn’t taking root at the CPI level but assets sure as hell are. Rates rise and fall. They will again despite that they’ve been low for a long time. Also, rates don’t actually impact value investing. Value investing is about not overpaying for assets and earnings, buying semi close to book value and moderate price to earnings. Low rates do make times where it’s hard to buy as a value investor because companies do what they’re doing now, taking on debt to issue stock buybacks and artificially inflate their stock price so executives can cash out on their options. This makes the stock expensive and more unstable. But that doesn’t mean value investing is broken. It means that company is broken. 
Buffet is the worlds most successful investor, and he will continue to be because he can control his ow emotions and he resists the greed of the broad market. As I said, markets don’t really change. Bull markets just lead to greed and people believing they have, but in reality, it will correct and at the end of the day, value investing will be the only certain way of protecting yourself and making money. Not saying you can’t make money other ways. Anyone can get lucky. But it’s not gaurenteed to.
@_date: 2018-01-12 14:51:32
Never said that even once. I said changes of interest rates don’t affect value investing. Not that they don’t affect asset classes. All of my other comments have been describing how rates hit assets. But they never hit how I choose to invest because they’re variable and fluctuate, and because whatever debt you take on, must be paid back at some point, which will constrain income. Thus it provides the cycles that make value investing optimal.
For bonds not being equities, you didn’t, but you said there was a 30 year bull market in bonds and used it to justify that an equity bull can run for a long time, which it fundamentally cannot. 
You have a hot temper and not a very level head. I kinda get the feeling you’re in college or right out of it. Honestly man, I really recommend reading intelligent investor. I promise you it will really help in your career. Stay humble, stay patient, and don’t get greedy.
@_date: 2018-01-12 03:35:21
I strongly disagree with this. I am someone that knows a lot about finance and has experience with it, and I can honestly tell you, people don't disregard him. Some do, but that's because they don't really know markets and are influenced by greed. In the late 90's people said buffet was dated, and it turned out he was right. He bought in 2002, when the market was at a low. Again running up to 08, and he bought in 09, at the lows. It's happened over his entire career. That's the true nature of how people will view value investing. They will say you're crazy when everyone is buying and everyone seems to be making money, but in reality it falls flat, because the value isn't there. Value investing isn't jumping into the markets when things are hot, it's buying when things get low and everyone is spooked. Assets today are definitely overvalued. Buffet will win again. Low interest rates have perpetuated an asset bubble. The broad economy isn't inflating and is fine, but the stock market sure as hell is. Corporations have issued cheap debt to fuel stock buybacks boosting stock prices, etc. But rates have to rise this year, and we will shortly have a correction. Buffet will buy again, and will as always, do well. 
People misunderstand value investing. Value investing isn't about getting rich. It's about protecting yourself. Investing to beat inflation, but being wary so as not to lose. Many do get rich value investing because they get good at it, and buying dips brings even greater yields than bull market run ups. 
Whenever you here insanely difficult in markets and insanely complicated, think bullshit. it's what happened in 08, and it's what happens all the time in bubbles. We're not in the same kind of bubble as 08, but assets everywhere are too hot. Markets as a concept never changes, just the what we invest in. 
I strongly recommend reading the intelligent investor by Ben Graham. If you truly want to learn about markets, protecting yourself, investing correctly and making sure you don't get greedy, read that book.
@_date: 2018-01-12 18:02:24
It still is betting on something. Its all I’m saying. I’m not attacking anything. All I’m saying is there’s a chance you can win and a chance you can lose. It’s like poker. You can get good at it, and improve your odds, but at the end of the day, you’re still gambling. 
All of those companies are taking gambles too. Small ones, ones that won’t hurt their company if they do take time, but still gambles. Gambling itself does not imply bad, it just means you’re willing to bet on something that may lose. What’s bad is when you stake your life on it, or use debt to jump in.
It may prove to be a new class of asset, it may not be. The jury is still out. My personal belief is that the tech survives and the currency part goes away. But who knows, I could be wrong, and again I do not care whether I’m right or wrong. Contributing to crypto for me would be about supporting the stack, not any belief in its current valuation. 
There’s a massive difference between good valuation and good idea. Cisco was once worth 600 billion in 1999, and it was a good idea and company, but just a bad investment. 
I do believe cryptos are not much different than tulips here. Not because the tech is worthless at all. I believe the tech is more valuable than tulips. But what I see is the same response. Day traders, speculators and common people trying to get rich quick are building a pretty damn big bubble. I  am not at all saying don’t buy into cryptos, I’m just saying be careful. Protect yourself and acknowledge that it’s a gamble, even if it’s one you believe it, and buy in according to the level of risk you can tolerate for gambles.
Jim Breyer is a gambler as are the Winklevii, and others. Some are taking calculated risks, some are betting the farm like the Winklevii. Vc investors are really no different than poker players. Some are exceptional, and make a to. Of money with a combo of skill and luck like Breyer. Many fail and you never hear of them or their stories. Jim Breyer investments are not ones you can follow with surety of safety or guarantee.
All I’m saying is just be careful. I’m not disparaging your bets or anything. But do not believe you’re any different than millions of speculators before you. You may be right and get rich and if that’s the case, great. But you may also be wrong, and you need to ask yourself can I afford to lose all that I’m betting if I’m wrong? For me personally, I’m not willing to take such gambles. I have no need for fame and riches, so I’m happy with value investing to protect my financial security in all market fluctuations.
@_date: 2018-01-12 16:07:51
I don’t agree with the way he handled it, but I do feel like this incident is a bit mischaracterized and drawn out of context. It’s less about him disowning her, but more than he felt insulted about it. He’s always been very sensitive about his wealth and has refused to pass down his inheritance which caused a bit of strife on her side of the family. When she made those comments in public, he took it to mean she was insulting him. It’s not that she was cut off or anything, Buffet was never going to pass his wealth anyway.
It’s not how I would’ve handled it at all, but I’m guessing in buffets personal life there is some degree of social dysfunction. A guy who’s always tried to hide his wealth from his family is probably also a bit insecure and insensitive about it to his family. So I view it as him being insulted rather than the more salacious to the media’s eyes of disownment. 
@_date: 2018-01-12 06:10:14
There are many billionaire, but also a helluva lot of them get lucky, or don’t know how to keep it. In the 2003 edition of intelligent investor, it’s pointed out that only 80 of the Forbes 400 billionaires from the beginning of the 80s to the 90s were on that list and it’s held true in general. A lot lose their wealth. Doesn’t make them dumb, just means they don’t often understand what they’re investing in. 
Jim Breyer is not a good example. He’s a vc. A VCs job is to make dreamshot investments. Some pay off, like Facebook and you become fabulously wealthy, but for every Jim Breyer there is a lot of failures. And even Jim Breyer has invested in tons of failures. As a VC it’s a bad idea not to invest in every hot area at least a little bit so you don’t miss out. 
Investing is a different game. If you just want to speculate, perfect, but investing is more so making sure you’re protected from downside while trying to make gains. This is what Buffet does, and he’s the best in the world at it. Again, fortunes can be made in many ways, but the only sure way to appreciate your money is through value investing. It’s why I urge caution.
As far as crypto, it’s actually massive given it’s overall economic contribution. This is how you value. It may have potential, but unlikely on the level its valued at now. It’s like Cisco in 99. It was a company that clearly had value, but not 600 billion of value. Currently crypto is so hot that doge coin has a higher market value than my company that has 2.6 billion in annual sales. That to me, is a bit troubling. 
@_date: 2018-01-12 23:34:17
Not disagreeing strictly. Idk if buffet is the contributor, but I think theirs just a systemic problem. Billionaires like buffet and Dalio have been sounding alarms on income inequality and pushing to see if the government will Work to reduce it. IMO, when several billionaires think it’s a huge problem, we should probably start paying attention. 
Unfortunately, Congress seems to want to protect the wealth of the ultra rich at such an intense level that we can’t get anything done. Hell, we nearly removed the estate tax in the recent tax plan. It’s literally the last bastion of reducing dynastic wealth and it needs to be even higher.
@_date: 2018-01-12 15:32:26
This is a a very good way of doing it. Sadly not a way I’m seeing a lot these days. If you’re in crypto for the tech I 100% Support it. I just feel like most are in it for the gambling now and claim to be in it for the tech. They celebrate wide price swings, certain price marks, etc. This is super dangerous and is going to hurt people. The tech has value but not hundreds of billions of value and its unsustainable to be at this level. This is my concern. While you’re doing it correctly, the others will hurt a lot of innocent people sadly.
@_date: 2018-01-12 03:51:26
This is misleading. He bought brk as a textile company that had nostalgic value to him, had little to do with the company itself, just that it was a waste of investment since he could invest under any name or company. Since he’s bought it, he has always believed in buying his own stock. Well most of the time anyway. He’s honest when his stock is overvalued.
@_date: 2018-01-11 20:02:18
Warren buffet understands value. It’s not about his tech savviness. He’s seen decades of economic fluctuations, new technologies, new ideas. He’s approaching bitcoin from this standpoint. He’s not saying anything about the tech, he never does when he discusses technology because he doesn’t pretend to understand it. He only talks about its value as an asset. I tend to agree with him. I think the tech of bitcoin will survive and be adapted by governments, but I do not believe in the valuations that bitcoins themselves have. I am interested in the project, but my general understanding of markets, currencies, etc, make me believe it’s not actually a good investment. Buffet sees bitcoin this way. He’s not attacking the tech. He’s attacking human behavior that drives bubbles and in the end tends to hurt people on the lower end of the spectrum which is something he’s always frowned on. He did it in 08, in tech bubble of 1999, and several other bubbles. 
@_date: 2018-01-11 20:12:54
I mean, I wasn’t aware I worshiped him. I’ve respected him in general because he’s different than most. He’s a value investor, something I personally subscribe to and he’s one of a couple billionaires who have actively worked to reduce the income gap between rich and poor. In general he’s a good person, and someone that’s just a good investor. Honestly he’s worth listening to. But worship? Hell I don’t worship anyone. Everyone has something you can learn from them. He’s one person I’ve learned some things from and has benefitted me, but you should never strictly adhere to one person or one thing.
@_date: 2018-01-12 15:41:26
Yeah Cuban is an idiot lol. It annoys me that people pay attention to him at all. But yeah, you’re right. A significant portion is luck. I dont think we need to strip them of their wealth for it, I just think we need higher tax rates on the rich, even higher estate taxes and ways to balance the system more. Wealth isn’t inherently bad, but I do lament how much we’ve let it get out of control. It shouldn’t be this bad. Honestly, I wish more would listen to Buffet, raise taxes on the rich, donate on death, etc. Many billionaires have, but many still haven’t. And even worse are politicians hell bent on protecting the wealth of the ultra wealthy even if a good amount say it doesn’t need to be protected. Because yeah, a large part of success is just predetermined based on how you’re borne. Equality of birth is something we need to work towards a lot more and is the true path forward to fixing our economy. I do not believe this means killing capitalism. At least in this time of human history, it has its merits, and it has both goods and bads. But it certainly is way too lopsided at the moment and needs a rebalancing and it could be a bit more social contract theory esq.  
I will have to check out that book. It seems really interesting. Thanks for the rec!
@_date: 2018-01-12 02:49:10
I do not hype the 1% at all. Many I disapprove with. But I also fundamentally disagree with lumping all as a group. Your reasoning to disparage Buffet was to cite the actions of Bezos. I’m personally not a huge fan of bezos. Buffet is different. He’s preached moderation in markets and calls out people on their greed, advocated dozens of times to the press that his taxes should be raised, supported candidates and platforms on raising taxes on the wealthiest, and he’s set up to donate his entire fortune on his death and has pushed hundreds of other billionaires to do the same. 
Do I agree with him on everything? Hell no. But your problem is that you dislike him because he is rich, and you do not judge him on his actions, and instead because he’s rich. I have no love for most billionaires, but I refuse to be swept up into a frenzy of hatred because they are rich. In fact, I would argue the world needs people like him. He’s more likely to continue to put pressure on the wealthiest for their greed, and to promote sustainable investment practices than what most can do. We should not glorify for him for his wealth, but we also should not demonize him for it. All I’m saying, is he has things to teach us. You don’t have to love him, just learn what you can from him. 
I actually whole heartedly agree with being careful with bitcoin. I’ve personally studied markets for years and can tell in general where value lies and where greed does. Bitcoin is getting to the greedy level. Maybe not you, maybe not a lot of people here, but a lot of people in the world have began to see it as a quick get rich scheme, similar to tulip bubbles, real estate, tech stocks in 99, gold rushes, east India trading companies etc. The price level it’s at is not currently healthy for what it currently produces and the sad reality is that the people that will be most hurt will be common investors. Not banks just jumping in, they’re just looking to profit from transaction fees. Not the bitcoin companies or at least the ones not speculating. Not the early adopters, they’ve made their profits. But those who recently got in this year, because family told them to, because they saw it on the news, etc. Bitcoin will likely survive it, but the burst will hit a lot of people. Im not saying bitcoin is stupid, or without value. I’m saying that it’s become a bubble, and listening to a guy like Buffet, could really save you a ton of pain. Guys like Buffet looked like idiots in the late 90s when everyone was buying tech stocks and he sat on the sidelines, and again in 05-07 when people bought banks and housing stocks, but they always come out right in the end.
Again let me reiterate, Buffet does not hate the bitcoin tech. He doesn’t understand it, and that’s fine. All that is happening here is someone is asking about bitcoin as an investment at its current price levels, and he suggests to avoid it. He has decades of experience, and has studied even centuries more. He does, in fact, understand markets, including bitcoin, even if he doesn’t understand the tech.
@_date: 2018-01-12 09:24:07
This is definitely part of it. But he pointed out that said billionaires only needed a 4% return annually to stay on the list after 10 years, which you can do fairly easily, especially over that window. I can’t remember exactly, but I think S&amp;P 500 index funds returned something like 9% annually over that window. Meaning that 3/4 of billionaires actually underperformed the market. Graham uses this as an example to diversify. He’s right. Many billionaires have their wealth tied to a single thing. This their wealth is more volatile. He doesn’t suggest feeling bad for them at all, haha, but he does use it as a pretty good example of how much diversification matters and how often asset values can fluctuate and how you can get punished by overcommitting to a single area. 
@_date: 2018-01-12 15:28:49
Your position is valid if that’s what you’re going for. You admit to being a speculator and as long as you accept those risks and admit you’re not an investor this is acceptable. But you must realize you’re no different than people that invested in tulips, gold rushes, 1999 tech bubbles, stocks in the 1920s, and housing market bubbles. You’re a gambler, no different than people on Wall Street, and trying to profit by timing the market.
If this is your appetite so be it. You may get rich, you may have riches temporarily and lose them, who knows? I don’t. But you’re a gambler at your core if you do this. Unfortunately the nature of speculation tends to hurt a lot of innocent bystanders, which is what I fear will happen in crypto.
I’m not saying there isn’t a path to riches at all in crypto. I’m saying it’s not the same as investing. I personally don’t care about riches. I have my path to success which comes from both my profession as a software engineer and my dedication to saving and value investing. But as I said above, I have been fortunate for this path to be available to me. I’m not rich, have never been, and had to take on tons of debt for college. But I’m content with that. I am more interested in protecting myself through all markets than I am interested in the allure of riches. 
And keep in mind though. Past performance is not indicative of future result. It has gone up a ton, but it doesn’t necessarily mean it will continue to do so. Sure other rich people invest in it too, but keep in mind, they’ve been gamblers too, and have gotten lucky a bit and are all in on whatever they’ve gotten lucky with because it’s what worked for them.
I strongly believe the only tried and true path to investing without much risk is value investing as set forth in intelligent investor. It’s okay if you want to speculate, I’m not opposed especially if you still have safety nets, and don’t leverage debt to do so, but do not count yourself as an investor. Gamblers calling themselves investors have caused enormous hurt in many economic busts. It’s exactly what happened in 08 when a bunch of gamblers deluded themselves and other people that they were investing and that they could take on a shit ton of debt to gamble because they convinced themselves the assets were “investment grade” even tho it was fucking debt all along. 
@_date: 2018-01-12 15:00:41
So I think this is an area where a lot of people have failed to understand economies. People assume recession and correction are bad. The reality is they’re necessary, and efforts should be made to control how bad they are.
100% will low rates fuel a recession. Why? It’s simple. When you take on debt, you eventually have to pay it back, even if it’s cheap. That will affect your future income and ability to pay, which will in turn affect someone else’s income and it creates a recession. Cycles are just apart of economies. 
So the question can be then asked, why allow debt in the first place if it creates a pattern of bubbles and bursts than can hurt people? Because the reality is that it also provides a lot of good. I’m a perfect example of it. I came from a pretty poor to middle class family and were my family to have to pay my way through college back in the day, I never would’ve been able to be where I am today. Thus debt provides economic mobility, and without it, we would have the same aristocratic classes as always. But the consequence is thus that cycles will remain.
I recommend watching this video. It’s very simple , but it is an excellent explanation for how markets work by another of the worlds best investors. I really think it would help a lot were everyone to see it because even though we always want to make finance super complicated, it also is simple in its underlying nature. 
