@_author: jrobi4life
@_date: 2017-03-04 10:26:08
Thanks but I'm avoiding to use blockchain.info because you have to "apply" for an API key and they must approve your request based on your website...which means if/when approved they could also later revoke access at their whim.  Don't want to give them that kind of control
@_date: 2017-03-04 09:53:23
Nothing is impossible.  Even the word impossible is telling you I'm possible :)
@_date: 2017-05-08 22:15:48
This is not at all a ponzi scheme.  Jewels are based on real deposits and can NEVER decrease in value unlike a ponzi scheme which pays returns based on deposits with nothing backing it, so that if everyone tried to withdraw their funds at the same time it would be impossible because the funds don't exist.  However with Heptagon Jewel everyone would be able to withdraw their funds at the same time and everything would simply start back from zero again. Unlimited Potential. No fractional reserve.
@_date: 2017-05-08 21:34:28
Not at all.  Never goes down from it's initial value and you have an unlimited amount of time to grow your Jewel with unlimited earning potential.  All risk is upfront.  It can never go to zero.  So many benefits but you may just be going off skepticism which is understandable.  With time you'll get a chance to see.
@_date: 2017-05-11 16:56:17
heptagonjewel.com grows bitcoins...currently the smallest investment amount is under $2
@_date: 2016-10-25 10:04:44
So far it appears to be a pure scam.  I opened an account with them a couple months ago and have attempted three transfers, all of which have failed. But what's worse is that when you transfer funds they list it as a "real-time transfer" meaning your bank should receive it immediately.  They give you a phony time stamp of when it was received by the receiving bank but the bank never receives it.  Once I started complaining to governing agencies they came back with some phony thing the same day for two transfers made two weeks apart saying the bank denied receiving the payment and the funds from these two seperate transfers were back in my account on the same day.  What a coincidence.  However with no debit card there is really no way to spend the money.  Now they are saying I can receive it in bitcoin but it still just smells like a continued scam.  Below is the letter I received from the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) regarding WB21 further indicating it is just a scam bank:
We wish to clarify that WB21 Pte. Ltd. (WB21), holder of a stored value facility (SVF), does not require the approval of MAS to operate. However, it is required to comply with the MAS Notice to Holders of SVF – Prevention of Money Laundering and Countering the Financing of Terrorism (PSOA-N02) to take preventive measures to mitigate money laundering and terrorism financing risks. These obligations include exercising due diligence when dealing with users of the SVF. You can access the Notice here.
 
On your feedback, while we regret to hear of your experience with WB21, MAS is unable to intervene or assist you on the matter as WB21 is not licensed or authorised by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) to provide financial services in Singapore. For a list of financial institutions licensed or regulated by MAS and the regulated activities they are authorised to provide, please refer to the MAS Financial Institutions Directory (
 
However, regardless of whether an entity is regulated, it is an offence to operate a fraudulent or deceptive business.  If you suspect that there may be some criminal wrongdoing, you can report the matter to the Commercial Affairs Department (CAD), the principal white-collar crime investigation agency in Singapore. The contacts for CAD are set out below for your information.
 
Commercial Affairs Department
Singapore Police Force
391 New Bridge Road 
Police Cantonment Complex Block D
Singapore 088762
Tel: (+65) 1800 325 0000
Fax: (+65) 6223 3171
Email: SPF_CADWebmaster 
@_date: 2017-05-08 22:41:09
Thank you but more like Multi-level wealth growth.  We definitely encourage spreading the word and it is in everyone's best interest but your gains are not based solely on your own efforts or referrals like traditional multi-level marketing.  Gains are distributed evenly and proportionately no matter how many or how few people you talk to.  We handle the marketing. No work required for Jewel owners!
@_date: 2017-05-08 11:16:59
A Jewel is a digital product that acts as a wealth generating asset for its owner. Jewel refers to both an individual Jewel as well as a group of Jewels purchased together. Jewels are tied to a currency or crypto-currency and represent a specific value. A Jewel consists of a Heptagon Jewel Number (HJN) and a Jewel Access Code (JAC). The HJN is what is used to identify the Jewel and track its performance. This number can also be shared publicly if desired. The JAC is the private code used to cash-in the Jewel and therefore should not be shared. This system is designed to be extremely simple, to protect your privacy and to provide the utmost security.
We are launching with Bitcoin (BTC) so we will focus on it. In the case of BTC, when cashing in your Jewels, 1 BTC Jewel = 0.001 BTC (about $1.60 at the time of publication). Jewels are purchased for 0.0011 BTC and this is what makes the system work. Of the extra initial 10%, 5% goes to the company for maintaining the network, the other 5% is divided evenly to all existing jewels each day in what is called The Jewel Drop. In this way each person benefits from the network growing. The major benefit of a Jewel when compared to stocks and other traditional investments is that other people selling off their Jewels does not decrease the value of the remaining Jewels, as it does with stocks, bonds etc. In fact, when people cash in their Jewels, it only gives the remaining Jewels a bigger piece of the pie when it's time for the next Jewel Drop. Also because we store Jewel values to the 7th decimal, you can be sure you are profiting from even the smallest gains in the network.
When you do the math you see that even very small gains, when compounded daily can yield big returns annually. For example a daily increase of 0.1369% would yield a 50% increase annually. The national average for Savings Accounts at the time of publication is only 0.6% annually! Jewels provide an unprecedented opportunity for people all over the world and from all income levels, to grow their wealth without limitations, through the power of an international collective.
• Allow you to take advantage of the growth and popularity of Bitcoin.
• Provide a hedge against market corrections and volatility.
• Only increase / Can never decrease.
• Are cryptographically secure.
• Can be cashed in anytime after the first 24hrs.
• Have no fees to maintain.
• Can be renewed freely indefinitely.*
• Provide unlimited earning potential.
• Have daily compounding profits based on real earnings.
• Are non-usury based so they allow people of all faiths to grow their wealth without conflict to beliefs.
• With just a 1% daily buy and sell in the network (neutral growth) you gain 20% annually and the possibility for much greater gains exists.
* Renew any time within the 2 year expiration window subject to Terms of Use. 