@_author: jroox
@_date: 2017-11-23 09:13:39
It's actually weed growing, pretty sure I've seen this pic before
@_date: 2017-05-23 04:11:34
If you're running a major drug racket and someone inevitably threatens to harm you or snitch, you firmly brought those consequences on yourself. You aren't 'justified' in preemptively murdering someone or retaliating in kind. You're the one who chose to go that route in the first place.
He wasn't selling used cars. He was selling massive quantities of drugs irrespective of who was manufacturing or selling them. He knew what he was getting into and had no one to blame for those consequences except his own stupidity and greed. You don't get to claim self-defense if you murder someone who's trying to murder you in the middle of selling a brick of cocaine. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 01:38:10
Claims "I am creating an economic simulation to give people a first-hand experience of what it would be like to live in a world **without the systemic use of force**" (emphasis my own), proceeds to try and have six people murdered. I guarantee you his sentence wouldn't have been as severe if he wasn't trying to be Internet El Chapo. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 00:51:33
The "ethics of running his website?" You make it sound like he was doing petty shit like using pop-ups to sell boner pills or shady SEO techniques. He tried to commission hits from fucking bikers to protect a literal drug empire. That takes you quite a few steps beyond mere ethics of running a website, and puts you firmly into the domain of every other scumbag cartel member or gang banger who tries to have people murdered over drug money. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 05:06:29
I've had single weekends where I've put more fucked up shit in my body in one rip than you're ever even going to see in your entire life, you basement dwelling twat. Don't make strawman arguments against my philosophy on drug use just because you're backed into a corner. 
I know you like the DNM because you're an abrasive cunt and have no way to get drugs besides ordering them online, since nobody will deal with you in person and you probably look like a cop, but the fucking hard drug game is not all peaceful hippies just trading their wares and minding their own business.
Cartels and crime families control the majority of production and distribution of the world's most popular hard drugs. That is the world that you and I live in. Its not controversial news, it's not speculation, it's not a CIA conspiracy, it's just a cold fact that  doesn't give a fuck whether or not you choose to believe it.
If you choose to get involved in the international drug trade, that is the world you're making a *conscious choice* to partake in. Whether directly or indirectly you are taking part in all the dark shit that goes along with it like human trafficking and murder. *Saying* you don't support those things doesn't mean shit when you're facilitating businesses for the people who do.
When shit gets out of hand and you start trying to solicit contract murders to cover your own ass or protect yourself from consequences that you knew were a risk in the first place, your ass belongs in jail, for a really, really long time. They staged pics of a dead body and Ulbricht was totally okay with it, *faithfully paid for what he thought​ was a hit that he ordered, and kept trying to do it.* You are delusional if you think that deserves anything less than a life sentence. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 07:04:23
Guns are only 'sports equipment' because shooting targets to practice killing things evolved into a sport. They're also significantly more dangerous than run-of-the-mill sports equipment like hockey sticks and bats. No one should even have to explain that latter part to you. If someone literally has to explain to you that some things are more dangerous than others, you are a person who has no business even being in the same room with anything more dangerous than a pool noodle.
@_date: 2017-05-23 01:23:12
I read a lengthy one on Ars that had a ton of links to chat logs and court documents. Doesn't seem like there's much evidence it was a CIA orchestrated smear campaign or whatever the conspiracy theory du jour is. Seemed like he was just a kind of sleazy guy who found a lucrative niche selling drugs, made it big, and let it go to his head. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 01:40:48
You left out the part where he tried to have six people killed. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 01:15:40
Jesus Christ man, stop being so condescending while you regurgitate one of the biggest crock of shit arguments that has ever existed. 
Think before you speak? Did you think about the myriad ways guns are in a radically different category than cars and baseball bats? What utility does a gun have except for killing? Zero. None. Zilch. Nada.
Can you kill people as easily and quickly with a bat as you can with a gun? At range? Fuck no. If these were legitimately comparable items, we'd still go into battle with fucking clubs, because according to your idiotic logic they're just as dangerous as guns. Why, in your backwards ass opinion, does it even matter if soldiers or cops have firearms?
Think before you speak? Fuck man. Talk about the pot calling the kettle black. You're comparing a tool designed specifically with one purpose in mind - to make it insanely easy to inflict mortal wounds - to goddamn sports equipment. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 00:59:00
Yes, he tried to commission a hit from a guy who claimed to be in a biker gang, they even staged pics and Ulbricht believed the hit had actually been carried out. 
I might have some sympathy for him if he actually exercised some sense of morality and was legitimately the martyr people like to make him out to be. But hes no different than any other wannabe​drug lord who's ever tried to have people killed over drug money. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 06:01:22
Airlines are not in the business of facilitating anonymous drug trafficking. They actively work to prevent it, which if you're having a hard time following, is literally the exact opposite of that. In what fucking bizarre fantasy world does this analogy make sense?
I don't think anyone should be killed or kidnapped for selling drugs, which is why I wouldn't financially support people who do. Unlike you and your hero Ulbricht, who would gladly make money hand over fist for the drug cartels you pretend don't exist. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 05:28:26
Airlines don't market themselves as providing easy, anonymous transportation for drug traffickers. If they did then yes their business model would be unethical as fuck. But no, they actively work to prevent it.
You are fucking literally one of the dumbest people I've ever come across since I signed up for Reddit. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 05:10:32
Of course you should. Well...if you're a legitimate business person and dont have a multi-million dollar drug empire to protect, that is. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 04:18:59
Facilitating the trafficking of millions of dollars in narcotics manufactured by some of the most dangerous people that exist on the planet is not 'peaceful activity.' 
@_date: 2017-05-23 05:23:39
Running a major drug market is unethical because the majority of the world's drug production is controlled by some of the most fucked up people that have ever existed in human history. You don't get to facilitate millions of dollars in international business for them and then claim innocence because you're 'just' providing the marketplace and not directly dealing with product, especially if you're raking in tens of millions in profit from it for yourself. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 06:56:00


Airlines do not offer as a service, highly anonymized stealth flights for drug traffickers to ship goods across borders. It's not that this just isn't a good analogy, it's just not even an analogy, and it's beyond stupid that you're still trying to push it.


No, he deserves to be in jail for life because he tried to have 6 people murdered so he could continue facilitating tens of millions of dollars in business for really awful people for his own profit.


So? It's entirely irrelevant. I know that poverty contributes to high crime rates but that doesn't make it okay for me to buy stolen shit from people just because I know being poor influenced their decision to steal some shit. Likewise, just because I know *why* violent criminals dominate the drug trade, doesn't by any means make it okay to do business with them.


Ya, I was, and I stopped a long ass time ago, in large part because I took the time to find out where most of the shit that comes to the US actually comes from. I was also not facilitating millions of dollars in international trafficking and trade for them, and I did not try to have people killed for threatening to snitch me or my friends out, so let's not play some bullshit game where you pretend those things are even remotely comparable.


The socio-economic causes of the problem are. Irrelevant. We have a good idea of some of the driving forces behind the rise of American street gangs, that doesn't mean you magically aren't accountable for your actions if you go out and join one, or sell drugs for them. or act as a middle man for shady shit that they do.
Think about what you're saying here. Cartels exist because prohibition made them exist....and? Your point is? Now it's okay to financially support them, do business with them, make it easier for them to do business, just because we know why they exist? That's fucking insane. These are people who decapitate rivals' kids for sport and traffic underage prostitutes. The fact that you know what socio-economic woes allowed them to flourish doesn't mean you aren't accountable if you choose to support them.


That is hilarious coming from someone who has, not once, replied to anything I've actually said. You have, in nearly every reply to me, grossly misrepresented what I've said, from claiming I support violence (I don't) to claiming I want people locked up because I don't approve of what substances they use (I could care less what you put in your own body).