@_author: jrowe47
@_date: 2017-03-20 06:28:57
@_date: 2017-08-30 01:39:11
Can you name one alternative to the two scenarios I outlined above? I'm willing to concede a failure of imagination, but as of right now I'm not seeing any other choices.
 Chainalysis, et al, already prevent tainted coins from being used in exchanges. People have been banned from exchanges for possession of coins used for drug purchases, scams, and other shady shit. The status quo and your hoping that enough tainted coins are transacted to prevent practical tracking is unrealistic, especially given the current fees.
@_date: 2017-08-30 01:24:36
I agree with this, but you didn't answer the question. It seems like there has to be a rock solid, trusted (and thus centralized) way of redistributing tainted coins, or those coins become inaccessible to the wider pool of "legitimate" bitcoin users. This seems like a flaw in the protocol, doesn't it?
The only two solutions I can see for this problem is a centralized "redistribution" service provided by the financial regulators of a major nation state, or anonymous transactions to remove the possibility of coins getting flagged as tainted in the first place.
Why was anonymity not baked into the protocol? Monero has demonstrated that practical anonymity is possible. Is there anything preventing the integration of their algorithms into the bitcoin protocol?
Maybe the bitcoin community could achieve an overwhelming consensus - maybe 90% among nodes - to force a hard fork that created a transaction that returned all currently identified stolen coins to original owners (a'la MtGox), with the parameter of requiring the largest number of verified, active wallets (require a 1 satoshi transaction to verify,) and then to incorporate ring signatures into the ledger to allow anonymous transactions.
If the only other option is for users to send the equivalent amount of tainted coins to the SEC for auction, this creates a pretty ugly scar on the face of bitcoin's claim of decentralization.
@_date: 2017-08-27 17:18:37
No, all transactions are recorded on a public ledger. You need to go outside of bitcoin to achieve anonymity, and there's almost no way to exchange bitcoin for fiat cash anonymously - localbitcoins can link up buyers and sellers, but they require registration and aren't completely anonymous. Bitcoin wasn't designed for anonymity.
Other cryptocurrency has privacy built in - Monero is probably the best choice to enable truly anonymous transactions - you and the buyer could exchange information via tor or protonmail or some secure platform, perform the monero transaction, and the entire thing would be anonymous.
@_date: 2017-08-01 20:51:58
Noisiest crowd isn't biggest crowd.
@_date: 2017-08-30 01:46:35
I think decentralized exchanges are good, but any exchange for fiat will run into kyc/aml hurdles, and for the foreseeable future, that's the only way cryptocurrency can practical work for people. If I could live off of bitcoin, I would, but it's just not doable. (Where I live.)
@_date: 2016-12-15 09:52:25
I was considering it for a smaller set to visualize what's happening with different variables - changing the prime field, generator, and base point - it seems like you would get obvious visual patterns for non primes? Anyway, I wanted to graph it on a small scale.
@_date: 2016-12-15 06:41:41
Awesome. I could then use any solution to the curve as a base point, and then get a different set of public keys by multiplying by any number, modulo a prime to ensure a random distribution?
@_date: 2017-11-14 22:20:13
You can even diy fairly high tech batteries with kitchen science.
Google "Robert Murray-Smith" and his carbon batteries. He's got a YouTube channel that goes into great detail. Lots of examples of people creating these batteries on YouTube.
(Edit, linked relevant channel)
Capacity can meet or even exceed li-ion, and basically all you need is paper, wood glue, graphene / graphite, stainless steel foil, tracing paper, and salt. Some salts are better than others, but simply using graphite (annealed with a spoon after application) and table salt, you can make a battery that's significantly better than lead acid, charges fast, and is highly reusable.
Of course you're gonna need some knowledge about circuits to achieve the right voltage, but it's something a grade school kid can do with just a couple weeks of learning. A reasonably bright adult should be able to make the equivalent of a Tesla power wall in a weekend, for under $300 .
 (Edit, the caveat is that you'd have to paint and process thousands of individual sheets, so it's not necessarily trivial to scale at a diy level of things.)
@_date: 2017-04-14 17:18:32
Because governments could just freeze his bitcoin wallet, right? Oh that scary gubment.
@_date: 2017-04-06 12:26:05
Chinese national placed in charge of bitcoin manufacturing by the PRC, implements exploit in hardware giving covert advantage to hardware used by the Chinese pool. It's exploitative because it incentivizes mining of empty blocks, undermining the fundamental bitcoin incentive system (mining real blocks and validating transactions.) Jihan Wu acted deceptively and got caught, and this makes his behavior wrt segwit and other code changes extremely suspect.
@_date: 2017-04-06 12:52:14
It'd be interesting if it were somehow possible to hard fork and revoke all the bitcoin mined by Antpool for the last year in the new chain.
@_date: 2017-04-06 12:40:17
PRC is a millennia old nation state with one of the most hardcore cultural and political indoctrination systems ever known to mankind. Fuck Bilderberg. The bogeyman is real.
@_date: 2017-04-27 11:41:06
If Bitmain is the primary source of asics, how is this nothing to do with Bitmain? Your argument makes no sense... Bitcoin, specifically, is exposed to China, specifically, via Bitmain... specifically. No other state poses any sort of threat to bitcoin, beyond exchange rate disruption, market making, and fud.
 I'm not up to par on the distribution of the pools, but Bitmain seems like they've got more than 51% of the hash rate already. If a Chinese official got a bug up his butt and decided to squash bitcoin, there doesn't seem to be anything preventing the current blockchain from being taken over. Btc price would be crashing as the rest of the world forked, switched to a different PoW or whatever else was done. Given that China has all the infrastructure in place, if they wanted to continue suppressing bitcoin, they could churn out modified miners. 
If there were asic miner manufacturers distributed throughout different countries, miners would have a choice to limit the threat from any state actor. Why aren't miners coming together to form an independent, globally diverse hardware manufacturing group, separated from national and regional politics? 
What overwhelming advantage does China have that makes other countries impractical for manufacturing? Are there algorithmic protections against s scenario like this?
The power to destroy a thing is the absolute control over it. China seems to have the power to destroy bitcoin. I don't think they necessarily will, because a money transfer without international oversight is useful. I do think that all it would take to break bitcoin is one high profile incident embarrassing senior Chinese officials.
@_date: 2018-03-06 11:00:38
Does anyone know why this would happen? Was just looking at different exchanges and the last month on Kraken had bitcoin artificially locked to around $13k - I've never seen a chart flatline like this before.
@_date: 2017-07-14 21:08:51
I don't know if you're deliberately misinterpreting what I'm saying, so I'll be clear.
Bitmain has the means of production, and a huge amount of unused hardware. If China wanted to kill bitcoin, then they could seize all of the big mining operations, Bitmain and others, seize all the unused inventory and spin it up, and cease all trade in new hardware. If they did this after a technology improvement, before exporting the latest generation hardware took place, they could almost trivially exceed 51%. If they announced such a move, it'd destroy the bitcoin exchange rates in seconds. Bitcoin might not recover , but even an optimistic view would only see stability after many months, PoW changes, and with so many stable alt-coins available, a huge loss in the userbase. 
There's no way around the fact that China has ultimate control of Bitcoin, as it has the unique ability to destroy bitcoin at will. Current circumstances show that China still has use for btc, with mining profits, hardware sales, borderless transactions, etc. Don't mistake the status quo for safety.
Bitmain currently serves as an operational interface with bitcoin for Chinese currency manipulation, with all the propaganda, attempts at covert control, and political shenanigans you'd expect from a bureaucracy minded anti-liberty culture. Jihan is at best a sock puppet, at worst a mastermind responsible for Chinese dominance. If you don't think they've got contingencies in place to drop btc like a hot rock, I've got a bridge I'd like to sell you.
Bitcoin is a financial tool. Satoshi's vision didn't preclude use and abuse of the tool by nation states, but he also didn't account for a Chinese monopoly on mining hardware, or China's willingness to invest in huge mining operations, sometimes at a loss.
And again, I'm not promoting Blockstream, their behavior, or any of the questionable things they've done that seem pretty clearly outside the bitcoin ethos. I just don't correlate Blockstream's effects on btc with Bitmain/China's effects. They overlap in some public disputes, policy suggestions, and so forth, but they represent two totally separate issues facing the community.
There's a human tendency to pick sides, and invent sides to pick where none are handy. Stop conflating the two entities as if they were two distinct and mutually exclusive voices representing some sort of ideological spectrum. They need to be considered in isolation, and in context, otherwise you get inane us vs them conflict that doesn't ever foster any sort of positive outcomes.
People see the Bitmain vs Blockstream discussions, decide they don't like Blockstream, and align themselves with Bitmain, or vice versa. Absent that consideration in isolation, discussion becomes confirmation bias, and communities split into opposing echo chambers. The most vocal can never quite clarify the exact basis of the us vs them conflict, but be damned if they will concede any ideological territory to the opposition.
I don't think Bitmain is the devil. I think Bitmain is an obvious and successful attempt by China to seize control of the bitcoin network. It's convenient for them to allow development and use. We should honestly answer the question of what happens when it's no longer of value.
@_date: 2017-07-14 17:50:49
Oh snap. It's almost like bitcoin is an open source community based software or something.
@_date: 2017-07-17 15:23:04
The forks that have happened so far were concurrently mined blocks, with one branch being abandoned when the other was first to add another block to its chain.
People aren't talking about these types of forks. These type of mining induced coincidence resolution scenarios are just a fact of life and have nothing to do with anything except a fair resolution of a common occurrence.
The types of forking relevant to August 1st are a deliberate choice by people to pursue a different set of rules governing the blockchain.
@_date: 2017-07-14 14:01:26
That's absurd on it's face.
@_date: 2017-07-14 13:07:36
That's a false equivalency. I'm not saying Blockstream represents some shining moral and ethical pinnacle, but what's wrong with addressing Bitmain in isolation? It's basically a semi-official, state sponsored tool of the Chinese government. Jihan is in lockstep with Chinese interests, and Bitmain, but more importantly China, represents a centralization threat to the entire bitcoin infrastructure. 
If China decided to, it could effectively kill bitcoin within minutes, deploying enough miners to spike the difficulty, employing a 51% attack covertly or overtly, or a myriad of other things that run contrary to bitcoin's perceived empowering philosophy. 
So long as the bitcoin world deems functional slavery an acceptable consequence of cheap mining hardware, and PoW is susceptible to asic/hardware scaling, China will effectively have control of bitcoin. No other group or entity on the planet has the resources to counter it. China has de facto control of the most valuable digital asset of the 21st century, so far.
Why fuss over asicboost or antbleed, when Bitmain is basically nothing more than a smiley face painted on the gun currently pointed at bitcoin's head?
(How's that for propaganda?)
@_date: 2017-07-14 15:58:54
You're stuck on this false equivalency shtick. Blockstream is not the same type of thing as Bitmain/China. Blockstream and Bitmain are not opposite ends of some sort of spectrum. 
The development community consists of a lot more than Blockstream, and the mining community consists of a lot more than Bitmain. The difference is, like I said before, Bitmain, as a proxy for China, is potentially lethal to bitcoin. China wouldn't blink if Bitcoin went down hard, and with lots of Southeast Asia starting to use bitcoin heavily, China might actually have an incentive to tear bitcoin down, hard, to inflict economic chaos on a rival. Then China would go on, with its own AntCoin, or whatever. China has zero fucks for bitcoin.
Blockstream is directly invested in the success of bitcoin under specific parameters. If any of those parameters are exceeded, or if bitcoin gets hurt, Blockstream goes away.
@_date: 2017-06-16 18:25:35
Critical mass adoption, like Angelina Jolie on a bender watching Orphans International with her credit card out...