@_author: jrr222
@_date: 2017-12-09 17:02:51
You can justify this however you like to, but this changes nothing, that stop order was placed and showed up in my stop order log, nothing was confused, I know the orders I had placed, why do you continue to completely disregard the fact server issues have been happening constantly lately and this is just as likely another issue related to these server problems. 
I would not call receiving the same generic answers all summing up to essentially "too bad" as a response, and then when I responded with genuine reason over and over through the emails just being ignored and eventually having everything closed when the support team decided it was time to sweep this under the rug. 
The fact of you pulling up the logs was were my main issue stemmed from, I told you from the very start that something was up with my order log not showing the market stop order I had placed after I checked out my history to find the order was not there. That was what this whole issue was about, the fact my stop has been completely wiped. 
Multiple of my replies tried to start conversation with you after you continued to brush aside the issues I seemed to have suffered due to server issues. There was no conversation about that at all, and you just continued on ignoring my every attempt to bring up this problem. The tickets were all closed shortly after you had stopped sending any real replies
I brought up those issues to you in the chat as I was endlessly being just pushed aside in the emails and each one was more dismissive of the issue I was trying to talk about, than the next. So I took to the chat to speak with the support team and ultimately got banned when some users in the chat seemed concerned with your behaviour. 
I can not move on when I made no mistake, losing your holdings to a problem out of your control is not something I could have forseen. You would not move on if you had effectively been robbed either, you barely listened to my issue and you have the gall to tell me this was my mistake. Server issues resulting in the loss of user funds are bitmex's fault not the people using it, and the fact that you do nothing is absurd.
@_date: 2017-12-09 18:47:10
I don't understand why though, theres nothing wrong with posting this
@_date: 2017-12-09 17:04:54
I don't want any drama from this haha, all I want is some decency from the bitmex team to actually help sort out this issue, not just endlessly brush it aside to avoid taking responsibility.
@_date: 2017-12-09 18:00:39
That doesn't make anything clear, you can tell me there was no system fault, but you've come to that conclusion because you have no record that I placed the stop order, that in and of itself is what I have been trying to say is a possible issue and you won't even consider that. You refuse to acknowledge that it is even a possibility that server side something went wrong causing this whole mess, and keep telling me I have no right to try to claim back my holdings that were practically stolen from me. 
I placed that order, it was there in my stop order log undoubtedly, I had never had any issues, never raised any complaints from any other liquidations or losses or whatever you are trying to make this out to be. I raised this issue in the first place because something has clearly gone wrong here and now I am left with my holdings wrongfully taken and have received no support or even had an ounce of consideration that bitmex may in fact be at fault. Instead I was brushed aside, had my tickets closed abruptly and then banned from speaking to anyone else so that none of this could continue. 
My goal here is to get back what should never have been taken, take responsibility for the fact that this is potentially an issue on bitmex's part, not on the part of a client who had never made even a peep in terms of contacting support.  
@_date: 2017-12-09 18:40:53
My original post was removed for an unknown reason, so I shall post it again, this needs to be seen.
@_date: 2017-12-09 17:23:59
You can tell me this all you want, I am not at all knowledgeable on how your trading engine works, but none of this matters. What matters is that, that order was placed on my end, I saw it, it was there undoubtedly, I never expected any of this else I would have recorded the moment, taken a screenshot anything so I could have some sort of way of proving that the order was placed on my end and showed up in my stop order logs. Plenty of things are made so that 'x' is impossible, until a bug or an error or something goes wrong, then suddenly the story changes and it is possible and now needs fixing. You know saying something tech related is impossible is a nonsensical excuse for refusing to offer any help in remedying the situation your server issues have put me in. 
I will never accept being told "our system messed up but we won't offer to right this", that is absurd and the fact you have gone out of your way to ban me from talking about this, and now chasing me here and trying to sweep this under the rug still is telling that there may in fact be something to blame on bitmex's part. Just make this right and I will have nothing further to say on this.
@_date: 2017-12-09 18:54:21
That'd be so messed up, though they did chase me on to my original post almost instantly, guess it wouldn't be that surprising.
@_date: 2017-12-09 17:51:34
They weren't as large as some people's for sure, but they were certainly large for me not just a few hundred dollars.
@_date: 2017-12-09 16:46:03
Not really looking for results, it seems almost definite that there is nothing I can do, bitmex does after all make it their policy to take absolutely no liability. Just wanted to have a voice and potentially save someone else from harm.
@_date: 2017-12-09 18:02:34
Normally I'd laugh along, but honestly I have been screwed around by this too much now and the lack of any real assistance from their support is just obscene. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 19:05:05
Please if you read this post, upvote it, I want people to see this to at least give them a chance to know the possible issues they may face when using Bitmex.
@_date: 2017-12-09 17:42:57
I'm usually not bothered to go that far, but seeing that bitmex has followed me here and are still trying to shut me up I think I may just do this. I didn't want to have to go so far but you're right, I shouldn't just give up so easily, thank you for the idea!