@_author: jscmi
@_date: 2017-12-18 14:55:52
That is easy indeed, but it certainly requires more thought than that to be safe. Especially against events such as fire or flood.
@_date: 2017-12-18 14:51:12
Here's my recommended procedure for long-term storage. 
1. Generate "piggy bank" wallet with Electrum
2. Save some receiving addresses in a spreadsheet in case you want to add to it (save a bunch because it's good practice to delete each rx address after 1 use)
3. Write seed phrase down twice, put a copy in separate secure places in different buildings in case of fire (even fire safes are not fire proof!)
4. Delete piggy bank wallet file
You are now protected from attacks via keylogger malware and so on. Depending on where you store your seed phrases you may even be reasonably protected from $5 wrench attacks, something that many hardware wallet users are still vulnerable to. 
I looked into hardware wallets and, while I think one would be cool to have, you still need secure storage for your seed phrase because if someone gets that then they don't need your hardware wallet's PIN to get at your coins. 
Rebuilding a wallet from the seed phrase is no big deal. 
Electrum can run multiple wallets, so you could partition your coin this way by having 1 wallet you use for spending or w/e. If you accumulate funds in that wallet then you can transfer more to your "piggy bank" wallet without having to restore it. 
If you have/want a hw wallet just because they're cool, more power to you. Nothing wrong with that. I'm just making the case that most of us don't need one for good and easy cold storage solution. 
There are still some strong cases for a hw wallet:
1. Your "spending wallet" has a significant amount of money in it, more than you trust to a simple password. 
2. You don't have secure storage options for your seed phrase. For instance, if you only have 1 secure storage location at home then you should probably have a good hardware wallet kept somewhere semi-secure, like locked up at your work or school (where it should stay-- if your seed phrase and hw wallet are both in your room at home and there's a fire, you stand to lose everything!). If you have NO secure places for a seed phrase, and you have more crypto than you can afford to lose, then you should have two hw wallets that are kept in separate locations at all times. If either wallet is lost or stolen then you can immediately transfer the funds from your remaining wallet to a new wallet file, get another hardware wallet, and figure whoever has the lost/stolen hardware wallet can at best crack a wallet that will be empty by the time they do. I still HIGHLY recommend getting a seed phrase into secure storage ASAP, even if it's not an option in the short term.
3. You hold not just significant amounts of BTC but also other cryptos, many of which are not as easy as BTC to use the 4 step process outlined at the top of this post. At some point, the investment in a hardware wallet makes more sense. 
Whatever you, be very wary of outside tools for cold storage. Think through what will happen if, in 5-10 years, the hw wallet you use is broken and the company is gone. Does that hw wallet have a standard seed phrase? Same goes for a website-- you can save it offline, but what if your offline copy is corrupt? If you will potentially be recovering 6-7 figures, I'd be cautious of relying on anything that isn't already adopted widely, like a seed phrase.
@_date: 2015-10-27 12:23:43


Maybe true but doesn't matter. All assets are treated the same for tax purposes. It doesn't matter if they're BTC or Pokemon cards. Once you turn something back into USD you need to put it on your taxes to protect yourself both from drawing the IRS' attention and from overpaying them, depending how your holding fared between the time it was bought &amp; sold. Ask your accountant. 


You don't declare assets. The IRS cares about income, not wealth. 


Not if you're still holding them as BTC. Otherwise every stockholder would be reporting absolutely massive gains or losses every single year. For an asset you just need the price of purchase and the price of sale. Interim ups and downs don't matter.
When you sell an asset for a gain OR LOSS, it becomes either a capital gain or you can write it off. Neglect the former and they'll come after you, neglect the latter and you're donating to the IRS. Your write-off is at your marginal rate so it can be pretty significant (eg for every $100 you lose on BTC, save $25 on taxes) where the capital gain is taxed at a lower rate. Nobody likes paying taxes but getting a bigger break on losses than bill on gains (for those with considerable income) makes investing in the US a sweetheart deal. This is why tax loss harvesting is so important- you can make money in a volatile but flat market by reducing your overall tax liability. 
One-time gifts are not taxable up to a certain amount (I want to say $12k/annual but that might be outdated). The exchange and value should be documented by the recipient. Depending what happens with the BTC's value when it's sold, the recipient will need that documentation on the value gifted vs the capital gains (or losses). It's good practice for you to document it but the IRS isn't going to come after you for something you gave away. 
Oh and gambling losses in currency are normally similarly tax deductible, but I don't know how exactly gambling with BTC works for tax purposes. Ask your accountant. I suspect he'll say that exchanging USD for a gambling asset works just like gambling the USD itself. 
Also check a few qualified sources if something seems off *especially* if you're not paying taxes on gains, as much as you might want to hear that news. Some people don't fully appreciate this fact: You are responsible for your taxes, not your accountant. If you're going to have assets you must be personally qualified to deal with the taxes or have an accountant who is. It's great you're educating yourself here but you need to realize that an accountant who doesn't know/understand all your BTC dealings will at best lose you money when they don't properly harvest tax losses and at worst expose you to penalties that are either financial, a criminal record that will fuck up your life, and theoretically incarceration but that one is extremely unlikely (the IRS is smart enough to know they need you working to collect money you owe). 
The US government is the best in the world at handling money. If they don't see your 8949 because you're trying to save a few bucks on taxes you could not only end up paying it a few times over but also earn extra scrutiny on every return you file for years to come. 