@_author: jsdfsd38423
@_date: 2018-08-11 14:35:14
That's absolutely not true, you don't need to be an accredited investor, and never had to be.  And also there are plenty of places you can invest with no minimum amount to open an account (Ally, for example).  It's never been easier to open and contribute to an investment account.
This isn't even to mention that loads of employers in the US offer a 401K plan where you can contribute pre-tax dollars out of your paycheck into an investment account, and many employers offer benefits of matching your contributions.  It's by far one of the best places to put your money.
@_date: 2018-08-11 01:28:28
You can easily stay far ahead of inflation by investing your money in the market, real estate, etc.  I'm really not sure what the big controversy is.  The inflation is a controlled, fully intentional effect in order to avoid having the economy come screeching to a halt due to people hoarding all their money and not buying things.
@_date: 2018-08-11 15:32:47
Yeah, well anyone who isn't totally living paycheck to paycheck would, in almost all cases, be best served by auto-depositing their spare money into a managed 401K account with employer matching, or if that's not offered by their employer, a managed Roth IRA account.  Alternatively, if you need more liquidity, you can invest into a brokerage account index fund (again, these are offered now with no minimums and low fees, and are managed by professionals), or at the very least put the money in a high-yield savings account, which these days are giving fairly good interest rates.  If they're doing auto-deposits, and the funds are managed by professionals, they don't really need to pay much attention to it.  Just keep contributing and it'll grow in the long run.
Getting back to the main argument here, inflation isn't robbing you of anything, provided you know what you're doing.  These days it takes little to no effort to properly invest your money, because there are managed index funds with low fees, and no minimums, and you can auto-deposit your money into these accounts on a scheduled basis. 
The problem of losing money to inflation had already been solved before crypto - you need to invest.  I'm not even sure why crypto is being brought up as a solution to needing a store of value.  Tons of people have lost 70% or more of their money within the last few months.
@_date: 2018-08-11 03:00:52


Can you elaborate on exactly what assets you're referring to here?  And time periods?  There were years in the 80s where the S&amp;P 500 was giving double-digit returns.  People who put their money into the market over the past few decades have been doing just fine overall, even with the 2008 crisis factored in, staying far ahead of inflation.


Sure, they'd buy the bare minimums to survive, and then beyond that they have a strong financial incentive to just hold.  Their money will be worth more tomorrow.  Why buy anything beyond bare necessities today?  Soon enough, people aren't buying new appliances, new clothes, and new cars, because they can easily defer those purchases.  Then those manufacturers and retailers have to start laying employees off, and all of the laid-off employees will start hoarding their money even more tightly because they're out of work (and it'll be worth more later if they just hold), causing more damage throughout the economy.  It'd be a complete disaster for pretty much everyone.
Consider the guy who spent 10K BTC on a pizza, who would have had almost $200M at the peak mania phase if he had just hoarded his money instead of spending it.  He could have bought about 20 million pizzas with that, lol.  I'm pretty sure I wouldn't want to buy a new shirt today when that money could be worth a new car 3 weeks from now.
@_date: 2018-08-11 13:21:49
It's not that literally nobody would buy non-essentials, just that growth in those parts of the economy would slow down dramatically when people have more economic incentive to keep their money sitting idle than to buy things or invest, and have that money flow through the economy.  There'd be a lot more people buying TV's, and there'd be a lot more TV manufacturers and salespeople if we all needed TV's to survive.
In the current system, anyone who wants to save their money can invest it and easily beat the inflation rate, and then some.  I'm not sure what everyone else is arguing for.  The right to be able to stuff your money in a mattress and have it stay the same in value?  Why would you ever want or need to do that when there are plenty of investment options that offer high liquidity and stellar returns?  What needs to change, exactly?