@_author: jsfmf
@_date: 2014-02-07 01:15:17
 You are right. Any two parties can agree to exchange anything that the parties agree to exchange. It can be goods for pounds, goods for goods, goods for BC, etc. There is no rule that says I have to accept  dollars or pesos or pounds for a car I sell to you.  We just need to agree on the value of each side of the trade -- have a meeting of the minds.
@_date: 2014-02-06 13:05:37
Agreed.  In an effort to rapidly expand the use of the Bitcoin, coiners are not paying attention to its users.  Bitcoin is popular with criminals because it is an anonymous form of value transfer, much like cash.  Criminals bring media attention.  Coiners need to put some user identification integrity around the platform for it to become a truly global currency.
@_date: 2014-02-06 14:45:46
Maybe, but anonymity is the issue that is causing the stir and media attention.  The other issues you point out are the markings of an immature marketplace. Old news becomes new again if the replacers make the same mistakes. Barriers to entry in this market are low compared to entry into more developed markets. It attracts weak players who will lose to the stronger and better capitalized unless they put thinking and resources into market integrity. 
@_date: 2014-02-08 21:08:47
The question above was not about what the people in Florida were charged with.  It was asking what a Bitcoin exchanger has to do to legally convert Bitcoins into dollars for a customer.  That was the question I was answering.  All money transmitters and currency exchangers that are licensed in a state must also register with FinCEN.  Any vendor, regardless of what they are selling, that accepts more that $10,000 in cash in a sale must report that to the federal government as well.  
@_date: 2014-02-07 01:25:21
Its hard to understand how you can be disbarred or put in jail for accepting Bitcoin any more than you could be disbarred or put in jail for accepting corn or tulips or krona for payment. Your attorney friends are confusing how BC has been used with the coin itself. Its a flaw in logic.  Because it has been used by criminals to pay for illegal goods and launder money doesn't mean it is a criminal form of payment.
@_date: 2014-02-08 21:31:50
I understand your thinking -- that because of the definitions I've pasted  below that come from the definition section of the Treasury Regulations promulgated under the BSA, selling Bitcoin for cash is not foreign exchange. 
31 CFR 1010
(ff) Money services business. A person wherever located doing business, whether or not on a regular basis or as an organized or licensed business concern, wholly or in substantial part within the United States, in one or more of the capacities listed in paragraphs (ff)(1) through (ff)(7) of this section. This includes but is not limited to maintenance of any agent, agency, branch, or office within the United States.
(1) Dealer in foreign exchange. A person that accepts the currency, or other monetary instruments, funds, or other instruments denominated in the currency, of one or more countries in exchange for the currency, or other monetary instruments, funds, or other instruments denominated in the currency, of one or more other countries in an amount greater than $1,000 for any other person on any day in one or more transactions, whether or not for same-day delivery.
However, FinCEN, which is part of the Treasury department, issues guidance to assist financial institutions covered by the BSA.  FinCEN's guidance issued last year and again on 1-30-14 treats Bitcoin exchanges as currency exchanges under the BSA. 
Also last year the Fifth Circuit court of appeals in a Bitcoin fraud case stated that Bitcoin is money. 
Coiners want the coin to be classified as money/currency.  This validates the coin. But money regulation comes hand in glove with this designation. 
@_date: 2014-02-06 14:05:48
The concerns are not about the coin itself.  The coin has a lot of features in its favor, which should give it stability and longevity.  The coin, like any other form of currency, is neutral.  The problem is how it is being used.  Because there is no requirement for users to identify themselves, Bitcoin and other digital currencies will be attractive to users who want to hide their identity for nefarious purposes. People pay cash when they are buying illegal goods because cash can't be traced back to its user.  The same goes for BC users. Coiners should be concerned, as a community, when they are producing a product without influencing how it is used.
@_date: 2014-02-08 15:05:55
It is important to remember that exchange of currency is regulated by the Dept of the Treasury. The money transmitter and exchange laws for records and reporting can be found in the Bank Secrecy Act, passed in 1972. States regulate companies within their borders, so states issue licenses to companies to operate as money service businesses. 
I see a lot of concern from the BC community that BC companies that want to do business across many states have to be licensed in each state. This has been the law since the U.S. Constitution was written and is a principal of federalism. Any power that not given to the Federal government belongs to the states. This is why you see states like Texas implementing money service business license requirements. It is also why states have different standards. States determine insurance license standards, doctors licenses, lawyer's licenses, etc.  It is not new, but it does make the legal compliance costs for any company needing to be licensed in many states difficult -- regardless of what the business is. It is not likely that states will make an exception for Bitcoin companies just because Coiners find it difficult. 
To answer your question -- it is not illegal to run a Bitcoin money exchange so long as you are properly licensed and have an acceptable regulatory compliance program.  This means complying with the Bank Secrecy Act record and reporting guidelines.  You can find the guidelines for money service businesses and money exchangers on the FinCEN web site (part of the U.S. Dept of Treasury).  You also need to follow the Texas rules if you are operating in Texas.  
These are the kind of costs bankers and money service businesses like Moneygram and Western Union incur that impact transaction fees. They will impact the cost of running a BC exchange as well.
@_date: 2014-02-09 16:19:39
Unless Mt.Gox's bank froze their account and now Mt. Gox can't get money out to send to their customers.  Mt. Gox is a trading house -- not a bank so there shouldn't be any fractional reserve anything going on there.  No lending, no nothing.  